We're in! You're watching Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. So I'm here today with Coach extraordinaire David Daymaskita. And he's going to teach us all about how to be an awesome coach and about we were just having an off-camera conversation about cutting and supplements and stuff. And it was like we were like a fire hose of information. I was like dude I got to get this on film. You know it's just telling me that he just got him back in the gym after 14 days of and stuff. 14 weeks, 14 weeks, oh 14 weeks. All right. Take it away name and tell us about yourself and age of nutrition. All right guys. So for those that don't know me, actually the first season I kind of got popular. I had like a 50% ratio of turning people pro put key on on stage. Sunny actually won on stage with me that year. She was six players. This is in 2021. So my first year actually going to the Olympia so I didn't get the ever enjoyed as a fan. I got to enjoy it as a coach for the first time ever. And then the following year kind of like everything kind of took off from there. So my primary focus is blending functional health and body building. And there was actually no good PD content. So when John was coaching me, he would sometimes watch my YouTube videos which back then had 50 subscribers. I didn't even know he was watching it. And then also he's like dude, if I could take back time, my first cycle would have been exactly like you just talked about. It was basically just a basic testosterone cycle and titration, right? So um and then I kept going at the PD content because I had so much like medical literature that I had like back logged in my head by that point. I had a lot of observational research. I was already bodybuilding myself and kind of I was doing PD content because John couldn't do it because of his kids actually. He's like I wish I could post about it but I can't do it. So I was like, okay well I mean there's not a good resource right now and I guess we're a few out there like that would trickle out. You were one of them like you were one of the OGs in the space but there wasn't anything I think on Instagram at the time. At least that I was saying. So that was like my primary tool and you're like this one. I actually started my YouTube channel after I posted I'm gonna say C19 just in his we still get docked for that word. But I posted a C19 protocol on Instagram for people because I got I dude I got so sick. I like my mentor actually called me because I dude you're not gonna believe this. Everyone was asymptomatic and I shipped my pants and I was like shit your pants was like he's like dude I'm not making up I like shit my pants and then no joke I got C19 the next week and I shipped my pants. I posted my protocol of how to kick it with asymptomatic stuff and wind straw was actually one of the things in my protocol for C19. So and then I got banned from posting videos for like three months. Then I saw my YouTube channel. I got my first kind of I got banned was in 2018. They told me I can never use YouTube again not even watch it and so I had to make a fake account called the blood dragon region so I could watch YouTube and I was like wasn't even a lot of watch YouTube. I was like what did I do? I don't even tell me why. This is an special case of getting banned where you don't even want you to ever watch YouTube again. If we find out you ever watch YouTube again you'll be banned from Gmail and you'll never be able to use email over again or Google search platform. It's like I raped all the kids. I don't know what to look like. It's like you're not just a pedophile you're like the Lord of the pedophile. I was like I didn't do anything. I think the word it was is like give a instructional video of how to use insulin safely. We, but I didn't have it. Because I'm like I'm a medical doctor showing how to use medication. Not a drug addict. You show you how to use injectable drugs. But I did it without a shirt off and I did it in my kitchen. It wasn't like in a lab lab setting. It's like that's what doctors have kitchens. We don't wear shirts all the time either. You know what I mean? People, they don't understand where human beings. Back then there was the heroin epidemic going on so they're probably like oh needal heroin. I don't know. Yeah. It was the same week that they banned Tony huge and Dylan Gemelli. It was like a purge. It was like the steroid purge of 2018. Oh my gosh. I forgot about Tony's channel. That was, she was like the OG in the space and he ruined it for everyone. Actually, I was doing that before him or a bit or Rich Piano. I was doing it in 2014. It's just nobody watched it because it looked I had glasses on and all done. Watch this. So I would have glasses on and I would have a button down shirt. I actually had the button down shirt I would wear and I had a dry race board and I would actually draw structures and talk about them. No one fucking watched it. But when I held my camera and I wore a shirt with a horse with a giant dick on it and I just started talking shit like you all fucking morons blah blah blah and I walk around and like everyone liked that. So like that's what blew me up and stuff and I would wear like biking helmets no shirt on and like play with swords just talking about steroids and people would fucking watch that and I was like this is fucking crazy. So you began detecting techno-viking of steroids. I was like I had 500 videos, 18 of a month steroids and I got banned. It's like I'm the steroid guy because I have 18 out of 500 videos on steroids. So I have 600 videos and I think only like 50 or like PCs now and like if you're like all your condons great I only want your drugs stuff. I'm like all right. Yeah it's the shellest your titties. It's basically what it is. It's like your your like up there running for a Congress or some shit and they're like hey show us your titties. It's like come on guys. I'm running for Congress. But it's so like telling a dude with muscles to talk about steroids like saying to a chick that's running for Congress to show us your titties. But do they get more votes out of it? That's a question. You know what? The one chick that gave a hand job in Beetlejuice. Everyone knows who Lauren Bobert is now. You know, he's my favorite. And he was a Democrat too. And they're like well what what would they say they're like what are your what is your poker base think about you doing this with a Democrat. And then she was like all I know is I had a really good time. So like I don't give a fuck what his politics are. I wasn't there for that. He didn't stop getting in talk much. No, she's fucking double doubt on it. The dick size suck doesn't matter if the redder blue. I want to move to North Dakota so I could vote for that shit. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I was like uncapped again. Well, I don't monetize so they don't censor this shit. Oh, that's true. I mean like even if you monetize on Instagram, you be hanging getting paid zero dollars. Anyone is no no no no no no. That's the worst thing you to do is do not monetize. I told Paul not to monetize. I told everyone not to monetize. No one listens to me. No one ever listens to me until it's too late. Well, I'm technically monetized but like you have the health yet to change the ads. You can't run ads on like the drug stuff at all. Don't monetize because if you don't monetize they don't know you're there. It's like okay you only use your Gmail. Yeah, that's like 20 11. Let me paint you a picture. All right, so we paint you a picture back to 2011. Me and my friend went to Med School together. He's like, hey, let's start a dispensary. I'm like, okay, I know about weed. I've got 11 years sober, but fuck everyone else, whatever. So it's like here's the law. If you have a license, you can sell it to someone else who's got a license. I mean, who's got a prescription for it. And you can write them the prescription. I'm like, I sure can. And it's like, I mean, it's like, but they're raiding all the places in Oakland County. But you can do deliveries and not be open. I was like, then let's just do this. Let's do a delivery weed thing. We get a bunch of chicks. We give them some burner phones and get them all cards. And then if they happen to sell to someone who doesn't have a card, that's on our problem. Because they're chicks. They'll just blow the cap and get out of it. And so it's like, then so we have this business where these chicks, I got a bunch of hot chicks because I coat to be creamy. Got all these hot chicks driving around solid weed with these, this sensory cards. Keep the weed in your trunk. They can't search a trunk unless you give food mission. They can't search a trunk unless the impound of vehicle. You can't be drinking because if you're drinking, they can impound the vehicle. So no drinking and driving keep the weed in the trunk. You're good. Right? You're good. And so like they just call them, tell them, where did the liver? They go deliver. And we're like making a thousand bucks a month. He's like, we could be making 40,000 a month. It's like, yeah, but we're making a thousand and we're growing. He's like, we could be making 40. I was like, but if we open for business, they're going to rate us. And he's like, yeah, but we could be making 40. I'm like, if you're going to sell drugs, don't tell the police that you're selling drugs. And he's like, but we could be making 40. I'm like, here's what we're going to do. You're going to buy me out and you're going to get an ominous say I told you so when you get rated. All right. We're going to jump ahead a little bit when he did you. I have a question after he got rated. Do you ask him if he was the the cop with Democrat or Republican? He comes over to my house. He's sitting on my couch and he's like, I just got charged with eight felony. I was like, yeah, I'm like, mead while I'm like, using my 45 micron filter and pump and stuff through it while he's telling me about it. I was like, that's why you don't tell the police about what you're doing. Because I took that money and I bought this. Reinvestment. Yeah. It's like, I just went with a different drug. It was like, oh my gosh. Yeah, I tried to put a ass or where they Democratic are Republican and then you know the answer. Oh my god, dude. I don't even remember what the politics for back then. I think it was Republicans were anti-weed and it was Democrats were pro weed. But nowadays Democrats are against anti-everything and Republicans are like, whatever the fuck you just don't. It's just don't cut my kids dick off. That's the most interesting thing is like when pure talking about politics, I'm like, I don't care. I'm like, I want people to pay less taxes and enjoy life. I'm not my politics. I don't even, I don't even, I don't know, man. I have an opinion about each issue. And I don't agree with either side because that I have a different opinion than either side on certain issues. I agree with that. And yeah, and I would vote based on the candidate that's best able to represent me at my interests. And I don't try to protect the world, let the world protect itself. It's like, if everyone voted in their personal best interests, we'd have a proper representative democracy. But instead, where people are being emotionally manipulated into voting for what's the good of mankind. And it's like the people who are telling them to do this aren't smart enough to actually assess what is for the good of mankind. No, I can completely agree with that. I mean, a lot of people, I would say people voted a basketball in, but I think he was a potato instead. Well, that's funny. It was either an eggplant or an orange, right? But I happened to like the feisty orange. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, sorry, sorry. I'm talking about free easily. Okay. At least like the more coherent sentences. We've got, we just don't burn these. Are we got like, you'll sanity sandwich? Like, what? I would just imagine they actually let him run again. I thought bad for the guy. They're like, oh, yeah, you're just going to run again. It's like, the guy doesn't know where he is. Like, what did you guys think this one's through? It doesn't matter. No, it doesn't matter at all. So speaking of medicine. Yeah, medicine. Tell me about your, you just kept back in the gym after 14 weeks. What happened? Yeah. So I had a hip surgery about 14 weeks ago. And I have an 86 year old hip is what we found out when they opened me up. How to MRI, how to cat scan, and an x-ray to make sure that my bones like I didn't have enough arthritis where they would actually do the surgery. So they were planning to do a complete reconstruction in the hip. Shaved on the femoral head and fixed the labrum that I tore because of the torrent when I was 26 years old. And I'm 33 now just for a frame of reference. And when they went in there, I woke up and the doctor was like, you're on benzos. You're not going to remember anything that I said. I was like, I don't think you realize like, I'm smarter on benzos. You can tell me whatever you want. And it slows you down enough to wear the bike chain actually on the gear. The drive. The drive. And then like, you're like, okay, let's slow this ass out with some benzos. And you're like, and now you can pedal and the bike starts going. So the doctor looks at me like I'm stupid. And I'm just like, no, do you just shoot at me straight? Like how is the surgery? He's like, surgery was successful. Your hip screwed and you're never going to be the same again. So it turned out that I was a, yeah, I know man. My protein was shaken. Watch me work. Well, so I'm bone on bone through the entire back of the hip because the femoral head wasn't smooth. It was jamming into the back of the hip because I do super super deep squats. And essentially what happened is I went, I went through it. Yeah, I went through. I knew this was a squat injury. I knew it. Yeah, well, I, so I peeled the labor off the bone when I did a deep small one time. Like when I hit parallel, I thought I tore my ad doctor actually. I was like, oh, I tore my labor. I'm like, whatever after like two, three months of like not being the same other, all that's good. And essentially, I am not able to pretty much do a deep squat again or also become a tipping time bomb. I can't run or also on a tipping time bomb. And that's the ishidon I'm running into. But at the end of the day, it's like, I'm not fully completely sacrificed my life because I know I'm going to get replacement surgery at some point in time. I'm hoping I get five years out of the hip and then I have to get the right one done. So that's essentially what happened. They just basically cleaned up the hip, micro fractured down. This is really cool from medical standpoint though. So when you micro fracture the hip and the bones because you're getting the bone marrow out of it, you get stem cell production, which is amazing for basically like reducing inflammation. So like that because I straighted past him. I'm like, should I be hitting like growth hormone and BBC 1 plus 7, tv 500, which I know is not like quote, unquote medically accepted yet. But the growth hormone is should I be doing that? And I decided not I personally decided not to because you don't want to grow too much. You wanted to sit steady. So essentially I started growth hormone after four weeks for the first time since I was actually bodybuilding and took some time off and after 12 weeks I have been back in the gym for like three days a week for the last three weeks now in that in the format. All right. So here's what I think. I've been doing if you watch the video with me in air chinic, the nine weeks out video, the first one leg training, he shows me how to do sissy squats, very effectively in the hacksquat. And I've been doing them and it's not going to affect your hip at all because you're using a semi roller under your heels and I've got squat shoes. So I've got like six inches of wedge and I'm doing it with my hips driven forward with pelvic. I'm doing posterior pelvic tilt driving my knees forward and keeping my internal rotation and I'm able to get just quads without any glue. So I don't know if you've ever seen me do it before but that's exactly I've been doing sissy squats like that for half a decade now. I'm actually about use a foam roller. I actually go up on my toes when I do it. I can do three plate hackswats and the sidebecks with a sissy squat. I was like a freak of nature when it came to sissy's no knee pain and that was one of the few movements I could actually get into the actual of the leg and put it on the floor and yeah so enough black into it with a bad hip. So you're exactly right it was like when the only movements I could do because I mean extensions are in a great movement for quads. You have to do some kind of squat variation and I couldn't go deep so that was my alternative and that's the only one I could find. So on the video that hasn't dropped yet my four weeks out video I'm doing on the Atlantis with three plates on one side two plates in the other and I'm pretty much on the toes the whole time. It's literally it's a six inch slope. I look like I'm a stripper in heels. There's no even though I have contact with the heels I can't generate any force through it and my hips are so far forward. The Atlantis is definitely at a 35 degree angle it's at 45 like the sidebecks but it does go deep as fuck and it's really smooth. Yeah so is that the brand new Atlantis one that it looks like a massive machine where you can alternate it whenever you can almost go like laying down flat with it. Oh you guys have one of those and umbrella and sterling heights they just got it. Wow. So I drove 45 minutes to use that hex quad at Sunday mornings. Yeah. I use belt squat on the other leg day. So supposedly that is the best hex quad ever made. I haven't got the opportunity to use it yet so at the gym locally out here it's called 1858 athletic club. They have a seven piece of equipment. One of them there's only one other one in the US and the others six that they have. There's zero in the US. It is the best chest press I've ever used my entire life and they've like levers are lifted into place so you can basically drop it into place. It's some pretty crazy stuff all to send you some videos on it but the heaviest sled also I've ever had on the leg press it must be a 400 pounds sled. Do the war then the elite FTS sled that fucking things are right there. Wait not even close not even closing comparison it's like a 400 to 500 pounds sled. Oh my god. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The panata leg press that do a leg press when you pin it together that panata ones also super steep and super heavy like three plates that have a panata leg press is like 10 plates on the hand straight. So this leg press it actually has shoulder pads of keeping press in there. Oh I love that. I love that because my ass is always squirting out. The especially the 180 pounds. The other thing about it that's really cool is they actually have banded slots so you can reverse band it or band it to the top so you can actually either take tension off the knee or put pressure onto it so it just becomes harder and you can adjust strength curve. I use reverse band and I use knees sleeves and I wrap my knees because until I hit 43 I didn't have never had any knee problems and then that's when they started so I was like super protective of my knees but in this case I'm using basically a leg extension in an x-plot so I mean and the tension is perfect on the lateral quads and not the knees this way. I like that. Yeah there there was a guy actually a Michael Spencer out and it was one of the first I BB pros ever Michael Spencer out and Seattle and I was training out of LA fitness and once in a while we'd run in there at the same time when I was consulting going from Atlanta to Seattle and back and he hooked up a reversed band leg press and I would go until I wanted to throw up every single movement it didn't matter. I would like go until I wanted vomit and then I take a few seconds and then I wouldn't vomit and then I go on. That was the first time that I was actually healed over in the trash can just dry heaving and I couldn't catch my breath. I'd walk out of the gym afterward. I was like so black cashed out. All right so let's look at this because this is a good point me and now Sam Pierce talked about this this morning. To me I don't see a point and taking a set that far when you could just rest and do another set. His point is but if you don't ever experience that you don't know what you're made of and you don't know where failure is. So I agree that when you're in high school and you can do that shit with three plates and that's hard that's when that makes sense to develop your confidence. But when you're in your 40s and you're doing 1400 pounds I wouldn't be fucking around with going to failure in a leg process. How do you feel about that? Yeah so that's a great I've actually had this like really intellectual conversation around training lately and I'm kind of in between I have yes and nose to that answer. First and foremost when you're a young lifter you better not up and learn how to train hard because if you don't know where true failure is if you don't truly fail you have no clue how far you can progress in a shorter period of time just by training balls and walls and the best thing about it is you need less drugs to go further. I think that's the big one is like you literally need less drugs if you just train harder. Now when you're young you can kind of get away at the because if you get injured you bounce back. When you're older and you're doing a ton of weight the margin for error is so low that mechanical failure you blow something out. So that's the major issue where it comes in is like you have these beginner lifters that mean to know how to like load their central nervous system and overload it and know what that feels like. Then you have intermediate lifters and they're actually doing too many reps and sets where it's like you could just do two really hard ass working sets and maybe bury yourself there and be good and then you have these advanced lifters and there's the strength curve is so massive that they actually can't do a lot of volume. It's tons and tons of weight so it's like weight times reputable as volume is kind of how I look at things but yeah volume load exactly I just look at a volume load like net volume in a week or net volume it's just it's a load that's all that matters and then you have central nervous system fatigue that is like a major like low hanging fruit that no one really talks about anymore but I find my central nervous system plenty of times but the truth behind it is because I knew how to train until I absolutely want to vomit and like crawl out of their gym is the reason why I made so much progress is such low amounts of drugs compared to most people in the space. I mean I was like 230 sorry the most I ever hit I was 218 pounds almost 220 pounds naturally in three years of lifting from 135 pounds. I literally eat like 10,000 calories a day pretty close to 8 to 10,000 a day I would eat until I want to throw up and then I'd stop like I knew I had a 15 minute one or time I just and we had the buffet in college so I'd eat as much food as I could for three servings a day and it worked really well now I put on a lot of fat cells that I didn't even put on but then when it came to training though I would recover like a free gym nature now I was probably hitting a gross spur so I was probably having crazy eye-geoff ones spikes or something like that I was like sleeping 10 hours a day kind of thing I would like sleep seven to eight hours go to class and then I not burn other two hours in a day but I don't think that if you train to the point where you're throwing up and you're not like in your impenciestages you're shooting yourself shy of actually getting another set in to get more volume in. I think it's stupid when these trainers actually train you until you want to vomit that's not a good thing. Because that's actually a blood pressure spike that's your central nervous system you're about to take so that means you can't recover from any other workouts from potentially another two days it doesn't matter if it's you're training lower and now it's upper you probably will have a worse upper body to increase the wood so my thing is is train is close to failure you can don't let your blood pressure get so high where you can't catch your breath for the next set like stop it shy even if it's like one or two reps maybe three reps and then get out of the hole because like when you're loading such like like press you can feel in your face really really hardcore because you have usually bad breathing habits unless you're a power lifter and you need to stop and get another set in and that's like my advice for anyone out there is like find where you're finding where your failure set is on your first set like this is the stupidest way to do training like the progressive overload for idiots you have four sets you're first set you figure out where your failure is and you kind of know that from the previous week because your very final set will explain this first set you train as close to failures can and you stop yourself shy by about three reps next set you get one more rep down in the tank okay cool same weight next set same weight and now if you fell shy of that same exact rep then that means that your weight was too high when you started your fourth set should be balls to the wall complete failure and you're not going to hit mechanical failure you're going to racket before you get injured I just trust me you will and then balls to the wall and then let's say that you hit 10 reps on the first three sets and that last that you hit 14 reps well you know that your landmark for true failure is 14 reps 14 reps technically 17 reps because you dropped three every single time right so that is the that's how I actually made the most progress in my bodybuilding career was you had one major common movement you had four sets and you'd go through it and then the next one that you do you have a second compound movement you do the same thing over again maybe with three sets instead of four sets this time depending on your CNS and then you have auxiliary movements at the end and the auxiliary movements were literally like bro science training gets them blood flow bring up the weak points whatever it was and that's how I made the most progress of ever made in my bodybuilding career this is how I explained three sets of 10 with reps and reserve would mean the first set is two reps and reserve the second set should be one rep and reserve and the final set you should hit 10 at failure if you get more than 10 you lifted two light and then whatever you fail that let's say you've get 12 that means you're actually 12 reps is your failure so that means next week you should be able to get go 11 11 11 and then the next week you should go 12 12 12 and then you should add two to five percent your load and maintain the 12 12 12 and for eternity just keep adding two to five percent every week you know it as long as you don't get showing pain I have a question did a drug ever break this rule for you because a drug broke this rule for me independently and I just had to talk about it once you answer that question I found that in this prep specifically when we started adding in oils specifically windstrole I started having redonculus strength jumps and then I got so fucked up I couldn't do upper lower upper lower off I had to switch to upper lower off I needed more recovery because I was handling so much load for the same amount of reps that might it's instead of getting a zero out of 10 or a one out of 10 the soreness the next day I'm three four five out of 10 soreness so I'm getting joint problems so when he is amazing for strength no one talks about that so the drug that broke that rule for me where I could literally not drop a rep in the tank every set no matter how close to failure I went like I would try to fail out actually and I couldn't drop a rep insulin I could literally not drop a rep and reserve the first time I used it I'm talking like six I used pre-workout and I even four used for me and I could not drop a rep in the tank and I was like I was trying to bury myself and I'm like what the heck my volume load is so high and I'm talking like I was doing like 16 20 eventually it's like 30 sets a day I'm like how do I bury myself I can't do it and like I mean I was trying to train until I was vomiting almost every set insulin is the single handedly the strongest compound I've ever put my body now I was fueling my body and I'm talking like I was on like tier tier at the time like well so I would probably be like if I was psychled up but injured it would be like 300 milligrams of testosterone and I'd be doing between four to six I use of GH and then I add a little bit of pre-workout insulin with the GH that I was shooting pre-workout which I know people hate that but it it works no it makes total sense they don't know what they're talking and you're using what three to five units you hum along so I would actually use noval and art to save the money it was human log at one point in time but then I want to do the money and I just started using a novel and art from the other man and that's not like it's a bad choice it's just hard to manage yeah it's not you with a great hard to manage but with your smart enough you'd be able to keep track of the fact that after four hours if you do more insulin you have to add the peak to the other tail to then come up with a new peak and you'd have to recalculate out how much carbs you need postworkout so you need 50 carbs pre-workout 50 carbs into workout 75 carbs postworkout if you do postworkout you want to do you want to hear something that's going to make you sick about my carbohydrate intake okay it was probably 100 100 200 100 100 way so my peak off season and this was with Matt Porter actually John would have feed me shit yeah John's too conservative John Porter was an animal yeah John I made uncontrollable how to do pizza's an ice cream every single day well so pizza two days a week like whole pizza and then it was ice cream at the end of the day because he was like I can't he's like ethically I can't give you more food you're eating so much and I was getting leaner with the issue so with Matt I went from 183 pounds to 254 pounds in seven months and three of those months were on tier T that's where I peaked out was 254 and the my food wasn't he giving you gear oh no no I was on gear the first three months I wasn't it was for when we first started together um okay and then it like the cycle was cut the heaviest cycle I probably ever done but it wasn't me guys don't even tell I'm gonna guess I'm gonna guess okay Matt Porter cycle it's gonna be 750 text test probably 600 master on and maybe 400 EQ okay so it was 600 test 300 MP and 500 EQ that was the cycle and then it would just way more conservative than I thought it was she's never needing to run a lot with me like he was he actually pulled me inside because I was like do you think I should be doing open because I got to a big so fast and he's like do you want to know what the open guys are doing I don't think you want to do that plus you have classic structure he's like you're growing so easy on such low amounts he's like you I don't think you want to sit down with me and talking me about this and at the time I didn't realize how many grams it was because he told me he alluded to it right like I'm just more enough to where I piece together but he like sat me down he's like I don't think you want to do that he's like we can but like your health markers are perfect do you really think that's true though do you really think that the difference between classic and open is just using three extra grams no I don't think through I think if you're really really 1500 milligrams throwing three more grams and it doesn't make you grow more muscle no the conservation of matter you can only assimilate the calories you eat yes so in this where biology comes in exactly it's biology in like thermodynamics it's like actual walls of physics so and digestion and like that's where biology really comes in that really people are glazing over either way my calories were at 8500 today 8 meals a day I was waking up 2 times the night to eat um and my calorie my calorie it's where at 1,050 was where I peeked out all clean food by the way 1,050 calories and then I think my fats were close to 200 my protein with ham and it's got pegged at 450 year round that didn't change and that's a lot of protein interesting never had bad kidney markers never had bad labs even on gear by the way am I blood pressure? after we go you were like 20 so right yeah I was 26 is one I wait 26 when I started with him and 27 and then he passed away that year as the last national competitor he had I think it was 27 when you passed away that's some said shit but holy crap and it's a lot more conservative than I expected to hear the team would say yeah a lot of I've never actually listened to his stuff but people used to tell me back then because that was before I was banned like you would mad actually see I had a lot of stuff I was like oh school yeah I do know what you're doing that was good now is also the only one that spoke out against metformin like I did like it's like mechanically like why are you using metformin he's like first off your body builder aren't you using insulin or burbering burbering burbering burbering a superior in every way to metformin you know the only thing that I like metformin slightly slightly edging on on burbering would be the actual anti-anterogenic effects for women that's only edge that I give metformin a little bit but when it comes to blood glucose mandarin absolutely not not even close in my opinion I mean is it significant like it's really matter and they're taking out of our anyway so what's the funny thing what you have to remember anyways it doesn't matter at that point yeah I mean try to convince a girl not to what he cut burbering I mean try to convince a girl not to use animals pretty pointless you pretty much you just gotta mitigate how much to do that's so it's really an anovars been an interesting subject because I've been seeing certain coaches um like I don't need to drop or anything like it just I'm just talking about protocols and just generally cross the board some people are putting people on 20 milligrams of anovars like low end 10 milligrams 20 milligrams anovars up to 30 year round like I'm like the longest I've seen is two and a half years by the way at 15 milligrams is the longest duration of time no I would be like my way is like one milligrams one one milligram pre-training if you're training twice a day at two milligrams if you're training once a day okay so but you could do that forever and you're good it's and if you're training hard and you're training balls to the wall hard not 25 pounds on the hacks what four plates on the hacks plot if you're at shit trying to grow your glutes and you're doing four plates with your feet up high or you're doing three plates in the Smith squad asked to grass you're doing a three 15 then two milligrams of anovars gonna grow that ass now if you're a food food bunny doing 10 pounds on each side of the squat bar then yeah maybe you do need 20 milligrams of anovars but you're gonna grow quads and traps and clipped and forearms and everything else you're gonna look rose so I completely agree I don't only time so 2.5 milligrams especially subling only can be run nearly year round nearly you have the monitor labs for sure the major concern with it is one sex hormone binding globule and just gets too low then it has to be ripped out but one milligram is Jimmy running definitely like there's almost no chance that you're gonna have side effects yeah why do you care about SHBG it just enter generic side effects that they start to experience from like DHT like some of that but but if their DHT's under 10 then their SHBG doesn't matter okay so yes and to an extent no and the only reason why I say this is because Androgens affect MAAO and how fast they're breaking out adrenaline so if you start seeing like some neuro neuro degradation and like how they're actually acting like for instance check-ins right how someone verbalizes something can change over time and I think this is like from good coaching to great coaching to even guru coaching is understanding the psychology of the person when they're writing something that's their internal diarrhea that they're putting on paper if you notice subtle changes in that language over a period of time women get mask-in-line from a neuro transmitter standpoint when adding any type of anagerns into the equation and no one talks about it the way they walk the way they drive they get more aggressive on the road they start because their dopamine's breaking down faster so they need more of that hit so that is one of the one low-hanging fruit that I just don't think ever being talked about is like dopamine response with Androgens and how it makes one act do you consider the psychiatric mask-in-lineization of a woman a bad thing not necessarily and I think that women and men both need masculine and feminine balance we do like okay so I know you're gonna talk about men so men someone need to be in touch with their emotions right like men aren't being chill is technically a feminine feature being extremely assertive is masculine but being chill is technically a feminine it's a feminine feature technically you have a very special wife because I've never met very many chill women usually shit women or histrionic hysterical wrecks and then it's a man who's got to keep them under control okay just go to the bar girls are like whew like they're just drunk is shit and the guy can't even drink because he's got to control his crazy drunk girlfriend now let me ask you what have you ever seen whenever you ever seen a dude who is off the rails drunk dancing on tables spitting his shirt overs head and his wife is they're like sweetheart maybe you should get down from there you're embarrassing me please stop it no that's never happened I mean I think it's always more drunk than the dude is I used to bounce and I used to actually work on the tables it does happen okay all right well then I'll talk to the wrong guy but okay so but think about this right again let's go flip this back to hormones and with the way they're acting right estrogen levels are higher not slows down the breakdown of adrenaline right so dopamine and adrenaline nor happen effort so what's gonna happen when they get geeked up and ready to go it's super hard for them to wind back down that is the reason why it's literally a hormone hormonal impact on genes so that's the and we're seeing this like shit like we've already seen a shift society right like we already know that for a fact that that's like very subliminal messaging that's happened over time but then if you add hormones into the equation or alter hormones it changes to one psyche quite a bit even men and I'll talk about myself really fast and I've actually had this conversation with like a top 5 Olympian because I was just curious because he's off gear for so long at this point when I stopped bodybuilding about four years ago and I've only been on 120 to 150 milligrams of testosterone for the last four years I noticed that there was actually a level of dampening and numbing to my actual motions right so it was extreme masculine to understanding that there was a dampening on certain aspects of my psyche that started opening back up that I hadn't felt in a long time which wasn't a bad thing right but what I can say is we don't realize that when we're blasting gear and getting ready for shows it it took me probably year and a half two years before I even felt a shift in my actual mental health in the less dampening impact to the emotional environment around me so that was it so what I'm hearing you say is that the great white shark mindset you have when you got a single digit estrogen and triple digits a trend is something that goes away and you go back to being able to feel empathy for other people I think that I had a feel empathy for other people from a long time and he was I'm not sympathetic like sympathy I hate sympathy by the way empathy I have for people because I try to put myself in their shoes because every single person's lens of life is completely different so then I just hopped on a bunch of trying and it went back normal well glad so trend fixes empathy could have no because I don't want to give fucks to people I only have so many fucks to give and I want to give them to victory not to other people's bullshit problems that are self-inflicted and able to get it every time I see a video becoming up only I'm just like I'm getting close to closer to show you should see the outtake I mean that's like straight up cancel they're like all right which is a red word which is a yellow word red word is going to get a band again let's not do that no he needs a Gmail account yeah there's no there's no monetization there's no fear of canceling that I'm like South Park at this shit point that I'm a I'm a mutant so tell me about your Olympians you got because I know you got a couple of well it's right now I only have Damien Patrick that's qualified this year that's the classic dude right yes with the giant quads in this tiny ways yes legs of size of his quads he was he competed at the Arnold in 2023 when I saw you there right it was 20 it was it was in the last year 2024 you're right 2024 yeah 2024 and he was six place that's still fucking awesome yeah it was not of what 50 people no no so the Arnold 12 people it's in by the only all right right but it's in by the only the Olympians 50 people yeah that was the year that Wesley was like so peeled out like people that were talking online just didn't understand because he was so Wesley was mind blowing Lee on point at pre-judging to the point where one of the best peaks and conditioning I've ever seen on an athlete he wasn't as sharp at the night show and Dino did get a lot better into that but it was close to the point where I would have the moments like 50 50 at the night show but Wesley was so mind blowing Lee on at pre-judging that he just smoked everyone it was amazing to see actually so you got Damien and he's doing the Olympia yeah he's doing the Olympia right now maybe doing a warm-up show we did actually just a master show down in Tampa we were dude we did we did a 10-week prep it was eight weeks in the Chicago we weren't lean enough we got second place at masters and then we did Tampa Crow which they had a one-point split decision and actually what made him lose and hey guys out there that are competing in classic please just listen to me when I say this do not do a twisting backshot for your classic pose pit a dead on front shot like hit a dead on front shot make yourself as big as possible when the pose because if you turn to the side you're immediately smaller so I remember you're post about this well yeah I'm listening to you I listen to you I'm going to show you this shit I'm going to text you some pictures from two days ago and from today and boom here and you tell me what you think since you are an Olympia level coach who does classic and I'm switching from two to twelve to class okay so when I look at your legs I think that the upper body's fine okay I would still change it up a little bit to make you look a little bit bigger I would I would pull I would do a lats spread so I would do the lats spread I'd open up your lap look as big as possible then your legs so you see how your legs are so close together that doesn't make you classic that makes you smaller so okay what I would because that's almost like that's like an abdominal thigh which is fine for abdominal thigh to twist that waist like that that's exactly how it actually recommended abdominal thigh but did put the right leg the front leg plant it slightly in front more but for your legs in this shot if especially you be doing the lats spread you want to stagger the legs pretend like you have a line on the ground one straight line and that's where your feet go have your feet out of one and 11 o'clock and then unlock the kneecap on your planting side so that's going to be your left side for you is your natural planting side unlock the knee slightly rotate the waist into to hide the waist a little bit and then drag the right foot against the ground to get your quads to come out what you're already actually doing that here and that it's going to make you as big as possible and you're so gonna get just as much waist-singing and just sharing that waist down because you can get about like it looks like you're getting about an inch off the waist there happen inch off the waist when you're doing like that so keep the waist twisted like that but bring the foot forward and wider as long as the adductors are connecting at the groin that's as big as you can be so once you create a gap you're too small you now you're creating a gap and it makes you look smaller less dense so here is essentially some more that's from today's front lats spread and then the two abs shots you were talking about abdominal thigh put your leg in front put your thigh in front so they're crossing wait this year abdominal thigh cracked yeah that's one of them bringing this bring drag this leg in a little bit closer it's closer to the judges okay and so I also sent you some pics from the Texas pro looking at where I was 12 pounds heavier and my legs I think look a lot bigger but they were also a lot smoother and for frame or reference I'll show you the back shots where you could really see the difference in conditioning what's a rate right now what's your cap I was 179 this morning months of the 9.1 this morning and my cap is 177 what are your plans that we're going into the show like front load back load I don't know domes handling it oh basically I'm sure I'll be down to 176 yeah and then I'm going to try to height myself at 164.1 which will then bring my cap up to 82 my understanding is they height you three times they take the highest of the three heights so I'm doing three shows so I can get at least one of them at 64.1 and as soon as I get one hiding at 64.1 if we're bombing the season I'll just pull out of them remaining shows so for instance at this floor to pro if I get 64.1 but I get like 15th place I'm not going to bother doing this in Antonio and the Daytona I'm just going to shut it down and prepare for the Detroit Pro next year is that but if I don't yep the Florida Post season show okay cool I'm shooting for a W down there oh really with who Brandon Menseseek he's really yeah okay really good okay so but you look good by the way back a little vice up yeah your back is perfect by it would don't change that that is literally perfect um also right leg I would pull that back a little bit and then you see your hamstrings you're having issues bringing them out I actually learn this from Mark Anthony and he learned this from Flex Lewis drag the ground together and it pulls your hamstrings out right and what was funny is I normally can when I got a little bit of food in me but these were fasted so I didn't get it and Karina noticed that my feet were pointed too far forward normally I externally wrote to them to 45 degrees and so that's why I didn't hit them and they're also probably a little too close together so if you look at the picture beneath it that was at see the group difference yeah that's how much better my conditioning is now and it was at the Texas Pro last year night and they difference man oh yeah so that's why I think my legs look so big in that front lat spread is because they were just a lot softer sure than this front lat spread my feet were closer together and I was also I think I had more post anti-urpathic tilt so it really popped in better whereas I but I was losing my chest because of the angle whereas now the way I hit it is I'm compromising my hips being posterior anti-urpathic tilted to make sure my chest is high and it makes my legs pop but everything. I don't have my front lat spread. Yep front lat spread here today's versus last years I feel like the pose I'm hitting it better today but my legs look bigger before but that's why I showed you with the back shots look like so you can see how softer the glutes were. You know what I mean or else you don't have front lat spread if you took one of the legs and you moved out in front of you. I'm glad you're saying. Yeah like what hot he does I really like the way not everyone can do it but I be curious to see what that looked like on you and then a symmetry would help a lot I think I'm at pose. I was thinking about popping putting my base leg on my left leg like you said and then popping my heel up a little bit on the right leg so that it can really accentuate the sectorias and it'll take attention away from the lack of sweep. Agreed. Yeah so that's exactly like it's for certain people. Certain physiques it looks good on other physiques don't do it. Like you view of super sweepy legs you're better off just doing it straight up. Right the other thing is is on your back back double bicep your left toe is going out too far to the left you want to bring your toe in just a little bit to plant onto it easier to pull at the hamstrings. It's on okay so you're saying it's at 45 degrees and you I should be at 35 degrees. That's about right. That would be it. All right cool and you can barely see the glutes are coming in from behind the side shots the glutes really came in already which everyone says that but today was the first day that they really really started coming in also. You've nearly cast thanks man so this is the best I basically do the shot just of the glute conditioning. That's really good. I'm your glutes are in. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Glutes are cool. Especially for classic is the trunks cover of out anyway. Well it's like I'm wearing body building shrunks just so that we could see the glutes in today's picks because they look so much better than they did on Thursday's picks. Another pro tip besides a spinning back shot for classic is yet the trunks not completely up the crack but almost up the crack because they do allow it and have it go around the glute and if you need to you roll it up and fold it and lock it in place and if you even if you need to use bikini bite to lock it in you lock it in but the less that you have showing the better your physique looks just make sure that it's sitting up on the waist I see people like pulling it down their butt and stuff like that to like make their waist look it makes their waist look wider and it makes your legs smaller. So always you already know how to do it because your body builder but a lot of these classic guys I see them pulling it down so they can quote unquote show the v at the bottom and it makes her legs smaller like what are you guys doing? The trunks show their v in the front. Yeah. So that shakes for girls. Yeah. The girls are in fucking wear that in the bedroom right now you're trying to win a fucking bodybuilder show man exactly like girls aren't the ones who are hiring you so like you're you're it's so weird dude it's just like oh my god. Yeah but you need to be flat that's what men's physique is for then you can have your dick root showing no one cares it's like you know this year like if you're a bought open bodybuilder in Brazil you can dance you can pull dance on stage and you can also men's physique you can dance on stage so you have that. Well I can't dance to they have but I would go to Brazil to compete just because this sounds like fun. You don't want to you don't want to pull dance and advertise your own fans man. No dude I don't have an only fans. I need to I mean a manager I'm not sophisticated enough to run my own only fans. I need somebody to tell me what to do. I think I might have a second for it. So if anybody wants to harm me out then just let me know because I'm I have no morals and I have no boundaries just no dudes and no rap music as long as it's chicks in this metal I don't care how ugly your fan she is. All right. Bring you back here glory days right before the guy at eight felonies. Back that in the girls I did were hot as fuck it was crazy. I had no self control so I was just totally in your face hyper aggressive in the serenade of all the time and I was just so aggressive that it just worked for some reason. Yeah you pulled over there just get them blowed on the spot. Yeah but so I appreciate the fucking posting tips man so we talked about training we talked about posing we talked about gear we talked about how much gear man if you were going to be bored. Fuck them we're going to disperse us like we got 14,000 followers on this channel we get like 2000 views the fucking reels get a hundred thousand my money doesn't come from this shit we're doing this because it's cool. This is for the cerebral people. So the ablens and the broccoli headed boys they just watch Instagram