Worry! You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. So, what are you doing into by? You know what I'm doing into by right now? I was at a feed, right? And... Chicken roasts. They're not stupid at bread. But I'm on a meal set, I had legs today. And I come down after a sit here after they bring me up some shit. And I just... Relax and do some work and talk to people like you, man. It's a pretty easy life. But what am I doing into by? I'm here for tax reasons. Obviously for bodybuilding purposes too, man. Like obviously all the top pros out here at the Middle East, everything like that. And around the world of coming here. So, for me, I want to come here as well do the same thing, beer, I'm like one of people. And the other thing too, man, is zero tax. Zero tax and everything. And I think it's a Australia where it's heavy on tax. You just... I can live there for them, but it's just I can't father give me away so much tax, you know? So rather than moving to taxes, I should just move to Dubai. Man, you would love to buy. Man, so everyone here as well. But you don't... with the States, everyone's pretty good as well. Like when I was there, as far as wanting to help you out. Man, we're not changing here. Observe people in this area as we know. You hit them up on Instagram, hey man, you need to help whatever. Man, they give you website to give you all this shit. All top quality gear, for the little bit to hear how's that day on a website. Just everything you think you're tips back. Convenience wise, service wise, everyone's happy, everyone's safe. There's no graffiti, there's no homeless. I'm just looking out now, like everyone's... everyone's children. Everyone's happy, I think that's why the bodies responding so well. Everyone's like, oh, we're doing the device at different. Like man, I just went to Box of Antality to be honest. Eat, sleep, train. I literally have upstairs from this Turkish restaurant. The gym is next door here, I can see it. I haven't been to the B.C. or Jim's yet. I'm just locked down. It's fucking awesome now. It's just a nice, easy way to live. And you're turning it by nose. No. That's about 30 minutes away from here. And it's expensive. If it's expensive. But look, I get out there probably once a week. Just for a content purposes, obviously. See, there's a big deal out there. I actually haven't been out there yet. So, I've done the got here two weeks ago. So, my schedule is I want to get stuck at Big Jim probably once a week. But I've got this, I've got this hidden in love. A small hardcore, grimy gym. So I've got my engine back in Australia. And I made it myself because I want to get away from the commercial gym. I don't know what kind of situation I'm having to talk to people. And whatever, because you know, you know how it is man. People see you in a gym that's happy to see you. You can make their whole week. But, you know, when you're prepping or you're training hard, you head down, you know, you know what it's all to people. It's not there if they want to come up and say hi to you. You're mad. You know, people get upset. You know, it's fucking personal talking. So they're fucking look that big then, don't be a, you know, a top pro. What you're trying to do. Well, you're, you're a figure if someone on the gym that they look up to. You know, so, for me, it's about being proactive. You've got to rather be in a hard court place where people understand your mentality and where you heads up, you know, so you're like, right now, this gym that I have to downstairs, it's hard cool, it's grimey as, it's just like my gym back home and everyone leaves your learning, I train hard. And then obviously now, like I've been here for two weeks now, it's like, yeah, sleep, I'm gonna get out to a promotion gym once a week, but it's been awesome what it is, you know, you can get out even socialized whatever it is, but you know, I like to have my home base where I can try to knuckle in head down and fucking kill it man, you know? Yeah, I never had anyone walk up to me, mid-set and interrupt my set to get attention, but definitely I have a lot of people who will walk up to some piece of equipment that's nowhere close to me and they're trying to make eye contact with me so that they can ask me, are you using this? It's like bitch, does it look like I'm using it? So fuck's up, that's a chest, I'm doing legs, who the fuck supersets chest and legs? Maybe they want to just engage you in a conversation and they don't know how as what I think might be the situation. Well, look, man, you know, at the other day, we look at these guys, say for example, like Andrew Jack or Nick Walker, and we think, oh my God, they're massive, but to the normal person, guys, you know, that a mid-range pros or whatever, or even top amateurs, they're like running common to these people, you know what I mean? So they wanna come up, they wanna say, hi, they've always been scared to talk, they're like, you know, they're trying to break the eyes or first time ever, and they say something that's hard, is like, you know, using this chest, please. You know, no one's kind of to a mid-set, but obviously between experts, between sets, I'm sitting there, I'm trying to give my breath back up a leg press. And I can't imagine, oh, you know, when are you competing there? You know, things like that, you know, you're just gonna sit there and go, you know what, like there's no point, like back when I was younger, you see a pissed off, like the fuck you talk to a mid-range, you know? But now I really understand where it's like now, you're just gonna be pro-I have to be pro-I have to be pro-I have to be pro. You know, and at the other day, these people look up to you and they have this idea of an perception of what a body who is, they could be interested. I never wanna be that personally using the bad taste, because it only takes a small minority of you, you know, the stereotype of a body who are the bad name, right? I remember this one time, I didn't wanna go to my normal gym because I was too close to showing I was in a bad mood. So I went to a crunch gym, I have what's crunch gym. Memberships, crunches like a planet fitness with barbells. It's like a half a step up from a planet fitness, but it thinks it's more. And so I went there and I'm like, oh my God, you're shredded the guys at the front desk and I was like, yeah, I'm coming here today because I'm so close to show I don't wanna talk to anyone. They're like, oh, sorry for talking to you. I was like, that's not really what I meant. I meant like while I'm lifting, I don't want to be, I don't wanna have to perform. I wanna be able to perform this job. I don't wanna have to perform the social duties. But then you're slow to know a nose. And so mad, he wrote a note and put it on my car. Like you'd think somebody who blah, blah, blah would know how to park between the lines and then it's just like, what the fuck? Well, that's what they say in your profession. So you have to be barbed, you have to say how it is. And unfortunately, if you can't take any of it, that's why you gotta keep telling around, I want to say, I'm really starting with it because people love me because I'm straight to you. Like what I want to walk someone you know about it. So I can trigger for me as when someone says, oh, do you not walk me or whatever it is? It's like trust me, you would fucking know your body and walk you. You know? You know, I want to be like, you're not important enough to me for me to have an opinion about you. You have to be like, yeah, I don't really, like you'd have to really fuck up bad for me to be so angry at you that I'm thinking about you when you're not around. See it every week I see you man, you're looking fucking bigger. You're looking lean up. You're from all over the world. Thank you. So let's go on your own. I'm trying. I mean, obviously I follow your stuff for up, but you're gonna let out what shows you exactly what's going on. So I'm doing the Florida Pro September 6th, then I'm doing the San Antonio Pro September 20th, then I'm doing the Daytona Pro September 27th. So the plan is to drive down to Florida. Which is about 24 hour drive. And then stay in Florida for that show, then drive to Texas, which is another 12 to 18 hours. Then do that show, then drive back to Florida, which is 12 to 18 hours. Then drive to Arkansas, because I'm supposed to live with Carlos Thomas Jr. and early October and then drive home. Because I did the math and like, for me and my camera person to do 12 playing tickets would be more money than just like, that would be like 12 playing tickets is gonna be between $6 and $10,000. So it's like, and then you have to like rent a car. So renting the car for 40 days, that's gonna be like $12,000 or maybe it'll be $6,000. If you're lucky, you know what I mean? And it's like, that's insane, that's like 20 grand. Do it on both of them. I'm like, yeah, we just drive. And it's like, we got 14 days to make it for Florida to Texas. Then you got seven days to make it back from Texas to Florida. We can stop at New Orleans. Yeah. It's shoot content in the French quarter because neither of us have ever been there. We can stay in Dallas and train with people in Dallas. Go to Houston, train with people in Houston. That 14 days in between, I can get a lot of content shot. And so I've got an editor back home. So I've got my camera person who's my, he's like my creative director, you could say. And he will send the data back to the editor back home to co-edit with it. So that can go up so it'll almost be close to real time. And that way will have a system for it. And then it's gonna be expensive. But it's not gonna be as expensive as if we flew and rented a car because I've got the task law. I can just drive down and, oh, sweet. Whatever. It drives itself and then we can trade off. So 24 hours in a task law is actually doable. If you take turn sleeping, even if we stay one night somewhere, we do 12 hours stay somewhere than 12 hours. That's not hard enough. I did it every year when I got some appearance at Christmas time, I'd tell my daughter, tell my daughter everything and drive them. It's a 14 hour run. But you just do it over two or three days in Joyful Men. You know, the other thing too, bro, like, it's the fucking airport. It's just stress and making time. Like it is, it's so much stress where if you've got a free time when they say 14 days to get a 14 hour drive done, right? You know, you just take it as it comes, man. It's like you can kind of plan your trip out, plan different gems, especially for content. Like you can be going to all these different gems. Oh, yeah, how many times men do you fall in? You've got to some country down. You're stopping the way to your tour, break whatever. You get a feed there, whatever. I'd be grocery and you find some six small gems. And you're like, oh, shit, let's check this place out. That's perfect, man. Like you're going to be like, you never really know what you go right into. You know, I think obviously building up on, you know, say, content for Instagram, YouTube, things like that. I fucking love it. I don't think it's a great idea. I mean, like, let's be real. Let's say I win the over 45 classic physique show. It's not going to get any publicity. Like no one gives a fuck about over 45 classic physique. So me winning your losing is kind of irrelevant. It's how good are the pictures look and how great is the content we get about the journey. And other people are saying, I'd about the destinations, about the journey. It's like fuck that. I want to win. When it comes to the audience, the audience doesn't. If you win like the Mr. Michigan, they think you're amazing. If you got 7th at the Olympia, they think you're a loser. Because they don't know the difference. So they don't know whether winning or losing. They don't know shit. They just know what you look like is better than anything. They never want to look like. And then the story you create that you put on YouTube is either compelling or it's not. Exactly. So if they're like looking where's Todd going to be today? Oh, shit. He's going to be in Tampa for a day training with so and so. And there's that video. Then the next video that drops is like, holy shit. He stopped at New Orleans. And it's him and Kai walking around the French quarter. And Todd hasn't had a cheap meal in six months. And he's going to have real gumbo. Oh, Todd's having an athletic shock from the shrimp in the gumbo. This is exciting. It's like, I'm wearing you and check your epipent, Todd. I thought, you know, it's like, yeah, I'm wondering, why do you think everyone has such a big pool and say towards car green, Westfield Heathback of the day? Because everyone felt the story of being with him in the apartment, talking to the fish on his old stove, top, you know, like being part of the story, like half the people hated Phil, just because you know, I feel was a gorky, but they only ever saw the highlights of Phil. They never saw the struggle of Phil. You know, I say you built a story and I think behind it. It's true, man, because it's like my family, for example, they still tell people on the Mr. Universe because I won the Mr. Universe, Todd, or else 21, and Greece in a low federation, you know, as my first show. This is newsback, right? But they still refer to me, oh, yeah, that's my son. He's a Mr. Universe, you know, as I go, they just forget that, you know, one multiple national totals and I competed the idols as a pro and all those kind of stuff. It's like, no, no, no, no, it's just, he still didn't just give it to us. So, to the normal person that I know. So, actually, let's do this. Why don't you go through and explain your competitive history for me because I'm not familiar with it. I know my audience is probably not as familiar as they should be. Tell me about your, your just the whole thing from the start. And yeah, look, competing, what are I competing? I started competing, I think, with all the 17 or 18. And competing is as a natural water gourdough, which I always said, it goes start out naturally. Three, three to four years naturally, did the teenagers and everything like, but I knew one day I wanted to give them a gas, like, you know, I knew all wanted to do, but I wanted to actually make sure that, if I'm going to give it on the gas, we'll have what it takes. I'll be like, dude, it's getting glass call out and it's an teenage natural show. You know, you're probably not going to have a chance of doing anything when you're on the gig, you know. So, I wouldn't fire through that and then like most amateurs are fine, you know, when when guys are looking to turn pro, the guys are really good as amateurs, they struggle for it pretty easily. That's not just credit to, you know, anyone that I've versed, but you know how it is, man, you know, at amateur shows, you see that one do the some stages, like he's good to improve, you know. And going through in the Australian ranks, it was very tough, but I kind of breeze through every year. I got off of my pro card one year, that was the amateur Olympia. I got second and the overall, but I wanted to win the overall man. I said, no, did I. I said, now come back to make sure we're kind of like next year of watch. Jesus. So, it was my first year at a genius, you know. So, for me, I'm like, look, I lost your role to this Indonesian guy who was like, eight kilos and I was 105 and I'm a metaphor, I can't be a guy's 80 kilos. How am I going to go to this role with Requel? You know, this stuff could have happened, you know. So, yeah, following you to a campaign pro. And that was the best thing that happened to me in regards to six months later, I did the honors Australia. And I got my ass handed to my man. I got 12 out of 14 guys. And as I said, you have that realization because what happens is you're versing amateurs and you kind of creating them all year, but then when it comes through to pros, everyone's good man. And not only that too, it's when the arm of Australia. So, you're kind of leapfrogging a little bit too from your regular pro show. Yeah, and look like I'm a ass handed to me. The next year came back. I went from 12 up to 7th, which is fantastic. I was really happy with that jump. You know, so that's kind of like, you know, made up for it. I had to fool your hard year training, everything like that. And a little COVID hit had a child, had a breakup, I can not imagine. I had to kind of sit there and say to myself, man, look, I want to, I want to set myself up here. If I'm going to actually take this seriously, I knew I was going to have to take 23, maybe four years away. And just focused on getting the foundations right there in a mental health rod, you know, do up a daughter and things like that. And, and then I came out, finding enough houses, I came out with 2023. I was going to go to the first year back, I was going to do the Kelly Pro and the pro over in Spain. And like every body group at some stage of their life, decided to inject some liquid standards else from the vet, and I mixed it with test suspension. And unfortunately, I get the infection in my lap, which put me in hospital. Now that was nasty, right? But the infection wasn't the bad part, because if everyone gets any infection, right? Just an attitude, you know, I think. You would know about this. I've got Crohn's disease, right? I've got Crohn's disease. So what happens when they put me on these antibiotics, the time remember what they were, it triggered my Crohn's disease, active, a bucket of hectic band, and threw me on my ass for a week in the hospital. So that put me on the show. I lost like 12 kilos, this was like, you know, four, five weeks out, 12 kilos. It was just horrible. So I had the kind of taking L there, and then I'm like, look, I've had a bad experience here, and we'll wait back, you know, everything was really good. So I decided to take another year, it wasn't did the Kelly Pro last year. How'd you do? Well, that's a bit disappointed. I was really happy with how I went, as far as how I brought in. But I had the idea where the year before, it was like eight guys that turned up, I turned up, so I'm like, I've got to go out to a week or show, and 25 guys turned up, you know, so it was hard to get noticed. So I pulled it 11 at that show, and I'll tell you the other day, it was like, in turn, in turn, there was, even guys from New York probably were there. It was cool, man, like, you know, Beast Jew was really cool to see these guys in person. But also just sad about self-taught, too, it's like, look, like, you know, my thing was, you know, to bring a condition, I was just going to make sure I'm coming really peeled. I did a little journey with myself, and I hooked up back up with my old coach, Chris Isito, in the last six to eight weeks. So he just kind of glider things in that last part. I just what I told him, I just want to be super shredded, I don't know if you have flat air, I just want to be fucking shredded as, and then we work from there. And that's the thing, man, I stand 61. So I'm kind of backstage, and I felt like my classmate was like, I was 120 kilos, what's that in your frame? It's like, what to, to 40 feet, to 60 year, whatever. And to, yeah, 2.2, 10 is 120, and it would be, 242, 62, yeah, like, like, 265. Yeah, about there, yeah. A six month, you know, these guys are all 261. Yeah, so, you know what I mean? You're 20 pounds over the cutoff for class. Yeah. Maybe maybe maybe, maybe your 10 pounds over the cutoff for class. But, you know, I'm sure you're the best. Fuck them. I was about 14, 15 kilos over from my heart. I worked it out. But I was always, I was always on the end of my program. I just, that's how I felt backstage because these guys are fucking, you know, I would say the biggest shocker for me was like, how, how much bigger someone can look with that just a little bit shorter. You know, I forgot about it. Obviously being at the hour was being away from, so long you're like, you're fucking, condition isn't everything, you know, like my thing is always going to be shredded shredded, but condition isn't absolutely everything. Like, like, like, like, like, came in maybe, you know, how was 45 weeks out? I probably would have, and to Chris and she, as the fan, she actually said that, and he's like, you know, it's far from the Islam on the cardio. Like, we're kind of buddy heads because, you know, when you coach someone, you're like, you know, you're cheating on your diet, you're cheating on your diet. For me, it was more like, software cardio. I'm like, no, I'm not doing cardio. I know you're doing cardio, software cardio. So, it was more like that. But then, yeah, from now, obviously just now, you're coming in, you know, bring what I want to bring really condition. Then it's like, I sweet, we're not just going to take the time, put the sauce on, reassess a few things. I was going to do more on a bow commission for a cold case, I was holding up for a salt charge. Um, some of the kick down of my gym, long story short. So, um, I had to add to the, I'd be back for that. Got those charges cleared, everything like that. Once that's all cleared up, now I'm going to be here in the bars or my thing. And putting hard work in the off season. They have been kind of structured. Um, I got that to see my door every eight weeks. They have a good back plan. Um, and yeah, really just kind of keeping a simple man, because I want to put it a bit of a six to nine months here, just you know, it's lead train, putting the weight on. Um, and keep it clean now. I've never someone that's like kind of coming in wanting to, just put on a sauce for the second putty or sauce. I think it's kind of useless. I like to stay lean, I like to stay responsive in that way. And especially with keeping a type of addiction, everything like that as well. I think that is such a huge thing. And actually, I think that's coming back. I don't know about you. I think that's actually more coming back in a play there with the type of midsection. So, you know, working on things like back games and ad work and doing that every sheet of the end of season, and like a pace, fucking dividends. And you know, people say it's been the other, like, I had to keep you waistline. You know, it's like bad. Like one is like, yeah, I eat 7,000 calories every day. You know, it's a lot of food, but I just had to fucking easy because I keep a steps high. I keep my cardio up. I'm doing a shit letter fucking pourware, which really keeps me injury free and fucking training hard. And like I had to add a grade two quad tier at the start of the year, which is fucking nasty. And they'll consider you surgery on that things like that. But, you know, we opted not to obviously because of the physical look. Actually, I made my quad look better funny and hugged. But, you know, we had to kind of reassess that. Get my rehab from that. I'm like, you know, you know what? Like, now it's more like, you know, you know, you have time off. I've time off. It's like, nah, like, I'm gonna make an impact, man. I'm gonna make some big decisions here and really push for it. So, that's why I'm here in the barn. Yeah, that's why I'm here, killer. So, so many questions. Oh, are you still working with Chris Cito? No, so after the show, and I'm just want a different approach. I did, I did about nine months with John Joy. Matt, he's fucking awesome. I mean, he's really, really good to do. I'm just towards the end. I just wasn't saying a cat or something. And I've got a, I've got a close family member of mine that's really sick. So, I was kind of in and out. And I don't know about you, man, but when I kind of get stressed about stuff, I put my head down and put the blinkers on even harder. And, as much as I have to good thing for someone coaching me, it's not, you know, like he wants checkins twice a week from me. I'm checking with him once a month, you know, and it doesn't really lead. You know, and it's really not enough for him to kind of go up. So, I just sent him, I said, look, man, I'm not being accountable to you. I was just honest with him. Yeah, and I just feel, I just did a bit more of a laidback approach. So, I'm working now with Jamie DeBurgo. He's just moved to Australia. He was, he's working with me out with a lot of his stuff here in Dubai. He is originally from Utah, but he lives in Dubai. And he actually works under a seat or himself. So, you know, a good more laidback approach. It's just what I'm kind of getting everything as well, kind of sort of here and, and based upon, he has a kind of right mix, you know, so, yeah, it's just kind of, what he's all of ours, what I'm all about. So, up to the show, it was a John Jewel, and as I said, I can't wait him highly enough, man. Everything you see on Instagram as far as how technical he is, and obviously teaching me a whole heap as well. I know you didn't take a lot of guys on, but if someone's watching this and I think you make any of your John, that's someone I'll highly recommend to get on there. Yeah, I've tried to get him to my coach on four occasions. He was, no, so yeah, it's true, I got it. Well, I was, I was lucky enough to get in because I'm actually really close with one of the guys working for him. So I'm like, wait, man, just please bring the word, please bring the word. He's like, yeah, I'll have a phone call with him, and we hit things up, which is great. So, yeah, I was kind of lucky to get in there. I got to, you know, someone to get in there. So, does it pretty much follow the J3U to the letter, or is there differences that he did with you, than what you would have gleamed for yourself with the level one program? That's a, that's a good question. No, like, I think he's very, I think that's probably why he, he can really take on so many people at once, but because he's very individualised, you know, so he wants a lot of communication. Hence why I said, like, you know, the first six months were great, especially when I, even when I told my quiet, you know, we, he's like, you know, a lot of guys would put the even pause, where I kind of came to him, and he was actually very open as well, which I like with a coach to listen to, what I was giving back to when I told my quiet, instead of doing it with depression, as we usually would, I said to him, I said, man, look, if I'm going to beat this scene, I'm going to do like a, a trained twice a day, point of view, I'm going to just some chest and morning, some biceps in the evening, some back in the morning, some truss, because I just got to keep my brain, moving and keep ahead away from his quiet, you know, because I can't even go to the tour properly, without, you know, being in such pain, you know, so my training sessions weren't going to be that great, and everything in that program is everything you would say he would swear against, you know, but obviously for that circumstance and what it was, you know, that's the best circumstance, because really like I'm going to be training at safety for the same, not even, you know, we're trying not to lose muscle in that time frame or off the gear, so we're just more going to keep the mentality there, and Kai-Key consistently to play in the best of a time. So, yeah, as far as, you know, do we have the J3 route, like, yes, in the letter areas, but that was probably more, if we went through and did a prep together as well. I'll have to say, I have to answer that question properly. We did actual prep together. We did the majority of the offseason where we had them in the coin. So, it was very, very individualized for me, and to what I could actually do with my surroundings and environment. All right, and so, everyone's want to want to know, because you're a big, primo guy. Why do you like primo more than Master? To be honest, the reason why I like primo so much is because I never had proper pre-it. Now, I've run pre-mode now. I can say I've given pre-mode a really hard journey for nine months. And out of nowhere, funny enough, I see these reels on the internet, this dude Todd Lee is walking up pre-mode right at, right? And I'm not going to go out there as far as he says, I've been right at, but as far as, I think you are 110% correct in the way that people, what was the example you gave? You put something up, it was like two or three weeks ago, it was like the Gucci of a Gucci, what is it? What did you say? It was the best example. It's like you could, you could pay $2,000 for a Gucci purse, but I could carry the same amount of shit in my Walmart purse. That's exactly it. And then, so the same thing is like, I'm over here now, right? And to like, the access to quality gear is fucking, it's mad, like everything's, and one little snap ball is everything like that. Like just, oh quality, really, really well, blood's going back really to everything like that, right? So, but I'm only on mass to you. I'm running mass, I'm running DHB, I'm running test, and obviously, DHB's swim with that. So my, my softwares and change too much in that regard. I, I don't see really much at what the difference feeling was from mass to run through free mode. There was times in Australia, it's like six months ago, when there was a shortage in pre-load where I had to swap to mass, I'd jump and say, I just go swap to mass because it's pretty much the same thing anyway. And then I asked him the question, I said, well, you know, you always pushing pretty well into me. You're like, what's your, what's your take about he would say, it's more like a personal preference in my opinion. And if I had to kind of say, I would kind of say the same thing. I feel like the points you put out a very valid in the way that, you know, and mass probably does seem a bit more productive. But being there and, and probably within my self, and for the last say, what six weeks I've been on? And I hadn't been running pre-load or what I haven't seen any substantial difference. I just think for me the reason why I was so up in the era about it, loving it, you know, I tell you, running to how good it is. It's more like that, that I was ever actually running real pre-load in the past compared to what I was. And running, and probably, and probably running it at a higher dose too. One thing for me, man, I would say, is that I've never been against taking to you. I've never been against taking time. I'm out to you, especially as a pro when things like that. But I've just, I've never done it, unless I've had someone worthy enough of that, you know, personal look up to to tell me that. Yes, I say Chris Isido was very, he's very, very conservative. So I never went above what he said. Maybe in the off season, I would trial a few things a bit more whatever it is, but I never, if you were saying, dude, you gotta run way more than that. I know this person's doing this, I know this person's doing that, I'm like, yeah, well, until I have someone at a higher standard of what I am, I'm gonna do it. Like, I'm not to say that John Tamin and said, you know, you gotta run crazy math and gear. He just said, yeah, I think you gotta take more than that. Sweet, no problem. You know, same thing worked with Jamie, you know? You gotta take more. Oh, good. You know, it doesn't mean they come in yet and tell me to run a bucket-fired games and gear. Everything's always sitting for me, that I'm 300 pounds high and now. And very lean, but I've always kind of sitting three, three and a half grams, total. And look, there's guys in the chat, I mean, now they're gonna go, man, you can be ready more than that. Yeah, it's like, yeah, do you really need to? You know, like, I've done stupid amounts back in my amateur days, listening to the pros and Jim and I've just never got a good response out of it. Now was it real gear? Was a training as hard? Was like following the diet course? You know, but I never saw substantial difference when I was running, you know, those crazy amounts. I was just kind of experienced in more side effects, especially when things are training ship. People think I'm being conservative. I'm saying, you know, you don't run high amounts chat. You don't, you know? Like, so when it comes to, you know, running these compounds or talking about now, I think that also with pre-mosed world because I was running a higher threshold of it. Um, sorry, ready your high amount of it. And the response was obviously great. It's like, oh, right, you know, I'm probably using the gear that I'm actually meant to be using here, rather than actually just being pre-mosed. So, you know, so when you see you weren't in a real pre-mode, what do you think it really was, master? Man, no, I was just straddling it. Probably test. Man, like, with, with with with the, the lost all of Australia, you know, food quality's really good. The gyms are really good. The, the, the, the, the shifting arm there is the gear quality. And just contrast it. And, and especially being the area in between two weeks it's just like, like, what was I doing there for so long? Um, I don't know what it's like in a state like here in which room used, but yeah, in, in Australia, I was saying, that's, that's, that's the only downfall is the gear quality because over there as well with gear as well. It's a class one truck. So it's considered the same as like heroin and cocaine. Ice, you know, it's, it's on the same level as that because I try to look up the barkeys with it and know I kind of shoot. So, you know, when you're dealing with substances and like that, that's all that kind of same playing field, well, you know, the scarcity and the quality's going to drop. So here, we'd seen kind of the same, I mean, that weed. Um, steroids have seen kind of like weed. The police don't care, the police do it. The, everybody does it and people talk about it. Like it's no big deal. Then there's some people who have no idea and they don't know that pro athletes use steroids, but all the cops do it. It's just not a big, no one cares. You know, when it's getting arrested for using it, possession, most of the people who sell it are selling it right on the internet and they don't even get in trouble. They sell it on Instagram, nobody cares. There's four guys at the DA that are actually in charge of steroids and they're only looking to bus manufacturers. So there are four federal police officers who are looking for many of the manufacturers that's not enough to find you the endpoint drug users. So yeah, yeah. Yeah. And so because of that, everything's third party tested and Janoschik. Um, and like, so nothing's fake here. Maybe people say it is, but it's not. That's a bunch of bullshit. It's just that some people are just really bad at training, really bad at dieting. So they, and they have really shit lifestyles. And so the gear doesn't work. So they say it's fake. It's like no bitch, you're fake. You're a fake bodybuilder. Yeah, I wouldn't say, yeah. So I'll go back and tell you that as well. I wouldn't say like all the gear and Australia detects things. I would just say in consistent, you know, like it, we have good boards, you know, forums over there and and source forwards and things like that. Obviously, every kind of, you know, you can name and shame with things like that as well. And then I would just say overall in a country that's just a bit backwards and that quite a stuff. Look, and roughly so whatever. But yeah, that's, that's the least criticism I would have to actually say. That doesn't set me up. One week, this is just a shit three years as well. Not just with, um, lower amounts of gear was how lazy what I was with it. You can tell me your cardio. You can share something trying to wash it. I do it at the front of the company do it. And then with gear, um, I was lazy, man. I was, oh, I'll pin it tomorrow. And back then, you know, I was only pinning, I was only pinning once and twice a week. So I'll, I'll miss a shot. And sometimes I'd be like two or three weeks. I'd miss shots just because I was just late. Like, if I had to give you honest criticism, I was as lazy. I wasn't, I'm a scared of shots or anything like that. I'm just fucking lazy with it. That's why always in system daily shots is because when it's part of someone's ritual in the morning when they wake up or ritual before they go to bed, they never miss it. But if it's, they have to remember, did I take my shot yesterday or not? They could remember. They just say, they err on the set of caution and don't take it. You hear the stories all the time about how Lee Priest and Paul the lat would just sit there and look at a needle sitting on the coffee table and it would be there for days because they would just put off taking it because leaning over picking it up and injecting it was too much work. Dude, that was, that was, that was made and not show. Well, that was probably one of the things I picked up from John as well. Yeah, I put it in daily and the response, the response was quite increasing. You know, like it's like, people say, if you know what I coach, I do whatever day. No, I'll do it every second time. Like, well, if you go to P.G. H every day, why do you put it back to every second day? Like, what's the point? Like, you still go to P in it anyway? Oh, yeah, I guess I kind of make sense. I'm like, yeah, you're actually P in a lesser amount too. You know, so every minute now and then you're not going to call for whatever it is because you put it at that spot or whatever I'm up at your right. I find this file less risky about when you put it in every day. I mean, it's like you literally pinning every day with G.H. Just load the test and the G.H.H. and the same syringe. And people are just mind blown. Like, you never thought of that before. Like, how is that hard? That's like saying, I have to put, you've, like, this is something any sense to me that people wouldn't think of just loading the syringe with multiple compounds. I have a question to you actually. I saw this recently. I said, what was it? If people asked me all the time, when do you pin your G.H. And I've always liked pinning my G.H.H. Now, when you're talking probably about anyone who's anywhere from 12 to 15 I year, I still bang it all at night. Now, you, you put a, I think it was a real late late late late late. So you said, nine more than four of once. So, well, I wouldn't say no more at four than once. I just think that it's overkill to do more than four before but because once you hit the 30 nanogram, a nanomolar amount, I don't think that bowless is going to generate any additional IGF1. So you'll still get that, you'll have a longer area under the curve. So like in the morning, when you wake up, it's still fully there. So when you do your fast at cardio in the morning, that it's still going to work if you did six before bed, then it'd be one and a half, eight hours later. So one and a half per hundred kilograms is the amount that you'd want when you do fast cardio to get the maximum benefits. But in the end, we're talking, this is an Instagram reel. And out of my, whatever, quarter million people that see a reel in a month, I would say probably like eight of them are probati builders. He's just so it's like the majority of people who watch these are people who have never used GH. They just are fighting entertaining and interesting. So the 99.9% of the guys out there never going to use more than four GH. So just shoot all of them, but it shoot it all before bed. But if you say that, shoot it all before bed, then probati builders such as yourself, would you 12 to 15 units? They're going to be like, well, does that apply to me? Because that's what the Sarah Stim directions are for AIDS patients. This is the student 18 units before bed. And if you don't, if you're tired, then if you're tired or you have side effects to 18 units every other day. And then there's idiots out there who are saying, well, that's the way it should be used. It's like, no, you stupid assholes. They do that because they know the patients are so fucking lazy or dumb. They can't be trusted to do too shot. Correct. Or can't be trusted to take half the bottle one day and half the bottle the next. Sarah, to cut you off, right? Sarah, to cut you off. But that's why, right? Whenever I see someone come to me or any of the words that's walking about, I'm sub-Q injections, bro. I don't know about you, but sub-Q injections, that's one thing I can't stand because they come out and they say, you know, you can pin you gear sub-Q, do you pin your L-Card, it's even sub-Q, do you pin your G8 sub-Q? I'm like, put it into the fucking muscle. I've always said that. I've always said put it into the muscle. And always say that that's the reason why they do it because I personally think doctors, right? They have to assume that, you know, people out there smart to be injected because people we do it as pro-quoting, it's an everyday thing for us, right? The normal person, like when I first started pinning gear, I'll look at the needle just for, you know, an hour like a couple of them going to put the suit and a couple of them going to put the suit in, you know. So you don't think for the normal person, I doesn't try and do any kind of cosmetic effect. They're going to be shooting themselves saying, oh shit, I'm going to put this in. It's just easier to put it in a belly fat. Um, the people, it's so simple. The patient looks in the mirror. They can only see what they see in the mirror. And they usually have a bunch of fat on their abdomen. So if you just inject the fat on your abdomen, you have the drug that's dispersed to bumps the most amount of fat. It has the least amount of chance of skin to crows us. But in somebody who's lean and injecting sub-Q is going to do a lot of damage on the skin. And that because the majority of people are so fat, they don't know that. So you've got two different populations. You've got the fat slob who's trying to do HRT versus you've got a pro bodybuilder with 5% body fat. There's no advantage to doing sub-Q. That idea is just because most patients are so fat, there's no way they could ever inject the muscle. They're covered in a layer of blubber, like a whale or a seal. So tell me this, right? If you're the only option. If you want to come out, right, and go back onto the GH side of things, right? My pushback on that would be the chance of insulin resistance. Because obviously when you're eating so much throughout the day and then say if a bodybuilder was pinning GH in multiple times a day, then you get the argument of, you know, guys are saying, I mean, what if you pin it, you know, say, pre-work it out because it takes a long time for it to sit in. So you know, it's going to be working, that after training some guys, I'm not pititriously after training, that's when you get in the device. You know, when you're having it before meals, you know, that's the big question I get with a lot of, like say, my cup average is coming to one of us because a lot of it is inferior, it's a lot of it also conflicting. Like, what's your up on your point of view on it? So I've done a continuous glucose monitor and I've changed the GH levels of 25 units before bed and five units before bed and my glucose on the GGM was no different. There is absolutely zero point, zero percent change to my blood glucose with the amount of GH I used or when I used it, had no bearing whatsoever. Possibly possibly during the day, if I had GH and then had a meal, I'd have more of a glucose response than normal. But my average glucose throughout the day doesn't change when I have eight units before bed or two, two and four. They average glucose for the 24-hour period is the same. Yeah, so then I would come back inside as well, like, wouldn't have much of it when you say possibly. What it's still be possible, though, if you're running things like this, like the insulin, I really treat you, sure. I'd like one thing, I'm a huge general. I always get 10 minutes of active steps after meals as well to help. I digest your obviously a couple of blood sugars as well. I think if you're a huge fan of really true shredding and doing this 10-minute walks, I said, if you're hitting them consistently, like you're in the middle of the morning and you're doing your 10-minute walks post meal, I don't think you could take your GH really. I don't give people what I'm trying to say, I don't give people like I said, time to be taking it, I just say look like you're going to be more consistent if you're having your, you know, say, you know, all before bed and you want to have another shop say, pre-workout, well, you did want to have a postwork and a what if you think works best for you and that's fine. As long as you're kind of keeping those other variables put in place to help stabilize blood sugars. So you got two different points, like, are you trying to generate a GF1 or are you trying to liberate fat? So if you're trying to liberate fat, then using one and a half units every two hours is the best way to do it. If you're trying to stimulate IGF1, then you would take eight units in the day and four units before bed and that would get the 30-metre, but you'd be exhausted. If you shot eight units first when thinking you woke up, you'd be narcoleptic most likely as soon as you started having carbs. The IGF1 would be so high that it would just shuttle all the carbs and bloodstream. See what's funny is people look at the GH and isolation, which is retarded. They're saying, oh, GH causes you to shift blood glucose towards the blood. So that it would make you shift sugar towards the blood, whatever. It's going to drive up your blood sugar. It's like, hold that, hold that, hold that, hold that, the GH also converts to IGF1 and the IGF1 drives the glucose into the muscle. Directives. So the net effect, if you're having enough estrogen and insulin, is that you will be tired from GH, not hyper from GH. So that's why, with me, if I take four units at GH in the morning, I'm exhausted. There's no fucking way I have high blood glucose. I can barely move until I have another meal or two. I don't get my blood glucose up high enough to where I can even go to the gym. I'm too tired because my blood glucose is so low because my IGF1 is so high from blasting GH when I woke up. Yeah, I've, I've, I thought there was just, I've never experienced that high, high blood glucose field and people talk about it. I've never actually personally had it. I've just kind of kept him as simple as I can. And really, as simple as I can, really not for the, the mitigating fat part or the driving the IGF part, like I said, my weakness is the consistency of shots. That's where it's like, if I just do my shot at night, it's better than me. Oh, yeah, shoot us with having the morning and forgot. I'll have it to my eye. I'll wait for the morning. I just tend to, you know, for me personally, that's mine. That's why I biggest weakness. But yeah, I get people with the die hearts coming, especially people with the end of sure you get a crazy probably even more than me coming and saying, oh, you know, I'm, I'm sure you have to be writing this. So that or whatever, it's like, look, I think if you're running開 of those fire mats anywhere, right? I think if it's more so you're just going to be getting a GH, you GH in at some point. Yeah. So that's why I said in that video, first for units before bed, units five and six first thing in the morning, units seven and eight before training. Are you, be coaching that? I think I have a business partner, me and Dr Dodson. We have, I think right now 75 active clients to check in. And then we'll continue this. No, they're mostly HRT people or just lawyers, accountants, that kind of thing. We have probably 10 competitive athletes, 10 competitive bodybuilders, a couple of power lifters, a couple of strongmen, competitive runners, like that. McSten and how do you, how do you person do with competitors, if the thing on yourself? Everybody's pretty easy. So we haven't worked out where the check-in's go via email and they're not to be anything that be hip evaluations. No medical conversations or had via email. And then for anything medical or training related, the person's supposed to call me. I'm the only coach I know that does phone calls. So no text messages to me, no voice messages just to me, no emails to me because that's all a hip evaluation. That's prison time. But they can call me on the phone and talk to me at any time they want. That this phone's always on to not disturb. But every 30 minutes at least, I check to see if I missed any calls. And I call people back. And how does that go with affecting your talk? Because obviously, you're like, for me, I've actually tried to be our wife and coals because I thought they could take advantage of that. I don't because I'm so blunt and straightforward that I'm just, if someone's blithering, I'm like, hold on, be concise. You know, like a lot of people, they'll take a paragraph. When all they have to say is, how much G8 should I have in the morning versus night? Something very simple like that. And I could tell them, like last night, some guy was saying, is it okay if I mix? I say yes. He's like, is it okay if I mix? I said yes. Is it okay if I mix the drugs in the same syringe? I'm like, I guess the reason I said yes twice already is because the answer is yes. The verb mix can only have one application. I knew what you're saying with the verb mix. This is not a unique question. All of you guys ask the same questions. So I know what you're going to ask as soon as you start asking. That's why I don't need to hear the whole question. And then they get the flow of the conversation, like I don't need a lot of information. I just need the keyword. Give me the keyword and I know exactly what your question is. Like a search engine. And when I'm not in prep, I'm more verbal. But like if I'm on prep, that's how I am. And some people get blood sore. And some people, like competitors, don't get blood sore. But the people who've never done anything hard in their whole life, they just don't understand it at all. Everything for them is social. It's all butterflies and rainbows for them. They don't know what it's like. I get that. I get that. And until we this, he's why I just just popped my head because obviously, the video with competitors. And obviously, having no one else coming in for my Instagram. Because in the past few years, I find people now open and talking about the year and things like that. So people come in and I'm like, it's like I've committed a crime because I have a new one. I said in gear, whatever it is. Things like running 19 Norse for example, because everyone wants to know, because they, they obviously, you would have to read that. But we hold the most side effects on average compared to other compounds, right? I always say with 19 Norse, I like to use them as something to kind of boost your cycle in the same field as I would say in oral, right? You run them for short periods of time. And you'll come up to them, your short periods of time. But you might have your kind of base cycle where you might be using tests, masks, tests that you might, you know, you make your mask and mask and pre-mo in there, whatever it is. And then what I'll do is as my base from there, I'm going to hit it for four weeks. Then I'll put a four week jump in, say MVP or a trend or what it would have right be, right? And then I'll come off it. For me, when I'm using that, for example, I'm feeling I'm getting great benefits out of it before the side effects you're really taking in. And obviously keeping them more in a marker, dosing base point, I'm getting the best benefit out of it. But I'm still coming off of ever lying on the base cycle to kind of keep pushing me through, whereas if you're running things like trend for say four weeks, when I was young, I'd run it for four weeks and you're, oh, shit man, this is such an amazing, right? I'm going to keep running it, you know, what a reality. If I just had that bit of a, a bridge off it and then put it back in, I'll probably see a level benefit out of it, which is why someone like me, I'm not actually against any of those compounds is what I was saying maybe a year ago, where I'd time to have a touch and then. Now it's like, no, I'm actually old for them if you don't have to use them correctly, right? What's your view when I come through and say something like that? I'm opposed to short acting drugs, and I don't like the idea of cycling. I like the idea of, you start with the test base and the GH, you dial it in, so you get your estrogen and IGF1 just, right? Then the next little thing is you introduce DHB as much as you can handle before your liver doesn't like it, roll back to the safe dose. Then the next drug, if Master on was available, I would say Master on, if Master on is not available, I would say run 10 milligrams of Trun and Nathate and just 10 like 10 milligrams of DHB, 10 milligrams of Trun and Nathate, right there, that's the equivalent of like 100 milligrams of Master on. Yeah. And then from there, if you still need more and your cholesterol can handle it, you could use anovar pre-training or anodrol pre-training if your liver can handle it, but I mean, really, why are using anodrol if your liver's healthy, you could just use more DHB. And then there's, so I don't see a point in every using short acting. I think Trun acetate is where the mood swings come from. Trun and Nathate, there's no mood swings. I think that NPP is a nightmare, but I thought DACA was amazing. I used DACA for years, loved it. But NPP every time I've used it, it was a shit show. It causes a guino. As soon as you get the 30 milligrams a day, it causes guino, no matter what else I'm doing. And so I like the longer act, maybe 20 milligrams of DACA could be thrown in. So you're on by this point, 10 DHB to 20 DHB, 10 Trun, 20 DACA, 25 Anovar pre-training. I think you could stay on that forever. And then if you need more anabillism, then you start using Master on as your white rice. You just keep dialing up the Master on just like you dial up white rice. Eventually you're going to start gaining weight. If you're gaining weight, but you're looking soft, it's too much rice pull back on the rice turn up the Master on. If you're getting harder, but you're not gaining weight, you're on the right amount of Master on, but you need more white rice turn up the white rice. But white rice and Master on are your two variables. Once you have your carbs, once you get your protein fat, test GH, DHB, Trun, and pre-work on anabill. Master on is like white rice. You can issue as much as you want. Nothing's going to happen. Yeah, interesting. So then Beth Boy, you wouldn't be a fan of somebody like Tristan Learn. I've never used it. I've never used it up. I plan on doing three milligrams a day in the off season and then going up to five and working as much as maybe 10 to even 15 a day. So I'm going to start with about 21 a week and I'll tie trade up to as much as maybe 100 a week and see what happens. Okay, so how come is that you keep the doses of visual parents who are advertising and picked on it? I've never used it. So I don't know. That means generally, I'm just putting in your hands in general. So with the DHB, I've already mapped out where my liver can handle. With Trun, I don't want to risk the brain damage of taking 10 milligrams of active trend based a day for long term and you get a huge benefit from even a tiny amount of trend and no drawbacks. It's like people don't understand like you get a fuck ton of benefit from a little bit of trend. But after 50 milligrams of Trun a day, there's nothing really that's happening right there. It seems that between 10 to 50 every 10 points, there's a huge increase from 50 to 100 trend. I've never seen any benefits and I start feeling sick if I go over 100 Trun a day. So I think the sweet spot for Trun is somewhere between 30 and 50 a day. And I like a NAF-thate more than, but 50 Trun a day, a NAF-thate is really only 30 Trun acetate a day. Yeah, so you have to take that in consideration. Trun is like 90% pure. Trun acetate is like 90% pure. Whereas Trun and AF-thate is like 60% pure. So you have to use more Trun and AF-thate to get the same results. That's why these meat heads, they think that Trun acetate stronger than Trun and AF-thate is like no you guys suck at math. You're not, you're doing one to one. It's not one to one. Yeah, it's right. It's three to five. Three, 30 units of Trun acetate is 50 units of Trun and AF-thate. Because I'm already beat on DHB the last six weeks. She's working with Jamie. Mm-hmm. Ben's fucking horses, man. That's one that's like, oh, I wish I was using this earlier. That's like, yeah, that's definitely taking taking me over as far as you know, I was driving around, say pre-motes, 12 months ago. DHB right there. That's, that's, that's the one that that's the one. But I'm running, I'm running 50 milligrams of that a day. I haven't had any problems with my liver or anything. All right, cool. Are they testing your GG tier just your ALTA? GG, GG, GG, GG, GG, GG, GG, GG, this is all you. And what's that coming back at? Ah, I'm getting actually another wild test on this, um, this Thursday morning, dude, over here, they come to your house. They come into your house. They put you down. I'm getting the IB drips down as well. But they come into your house. I don't have to go there. The doctor is up there into clinic. Nothing. So I can't remember one of my last one. It was within range. My ALTA and ASC actually was just out. But I don't know about you, but, you know, you're the dog here right. But I find when your ALTA, ASC, it's just out. I've never seen a problem with that. I think it was about five points out of it from memory. But yeah, that was on the earlier stages where I was using DHB. So I thought I'd get another test now just to come and see where it's kind of pulling through. But um, yes, far as like the response that my body's getting from it, it's fucking amazing. That's one that that definitely hidden Jen that people aren't talking about. So my DHB, my GGT was 24 with zero DHB. After a month of 10 milligrams, so I hit steady-state concentration at 10. I had a 37 GGT. Then I did a loading dose of 100 a day for three days, so that I'd hit steady state of 30. And I cruised at 30 for a month. My GGT came back as an 85. Wow. So I pulled the DHB completely. And then a month later it came back as a 222. So I think that since DHB takes a long time to mount more than four weeks. And because GGT has a two-week half-life, there's a huge tail to it. So we don't really know. If you've only been on it for a month, it could be your liver might be really damaged, but GGT won't even show you. Yeah, okay. I didn't know that. So so 50 a day is an astronomical amount. I'd say the person who knows the most about DHB in the world is Project Chavez. And he never runs people over 200 a week, which is about 30 a day. And I know that 30 a day is too much for my body to handle. So I think my sweet spot was 10 milligrams of DHB per day. Yeah, right. Okay. Yeah, but I was also running. I was also running shred. Well, you shouldn't do it without getting blood work first because there's people who can run 100 DHB a day and they don't have any. They say they don't have any liver damage, but who knows if they order GGT or not. So also if you're getting IV, glutathione regularly, maybe you'll never have a problem. Maybe that's the key. If you're going to use DHB, you got to get IV to glutathione and then it's armor. But it seems that DHB is slightly more energetic than just pure DHT, whereas AstraZeneca is less energetic than pure DHT. But DHB is three times as antibiotic as a master on a test, which would make it four to five times more antibiotic than pure mo. So taking 50 DHB a day would be the equivalent taking 250 pure mo a day or like 1700 pure mo a week. Yeah, which which I've done, I've done around two grams of pure mo. Now what was your estrogen like with two grams of pure mo? Shut up. Okay. That's why I don't like pure mo because that I always think it's funny people. The guys who are pushing pure mo are also pushing cereostrum. So you're paying an enormous amount of money for this fancy SGH that doesn't do anything special. It's just more money. Then you're paying enormous amount of money for this fancy as testosterone, wannabe, that makes the GH not work. So you're spending all this money for fancy GH and then you're taking, spending all this money on pre mo and the pre mo kills your estrogen. So you're not getting any AGF one out of the GH. That was the biggest thing I noticed being on pre mo. It was more so at the time because you are a state leaner, you're never even more visible because you're the heat to as low as there's water and the body things like that. Yeah, that's what you caught up with. They're actually thinking back here. Like at the time it, zero sex drive, you know. And you just think, you know, whatever it's just short term temporary, come good or whatever it goes. But yeah, like it wasn't till I kind of, you know, started juicing masks more, tapered back on the pre mo and especially things like, yeah, like, these are way healthier now on the on the on the on the sixth drive front. Since I haven't been using pre mo. But yeah, using using high minutes of that definitely that was that was the biggest thing I noticed. Yeah, and it's a shame that masks drive so hard to get in the US now. That's why I did the DHB experiment was like, what what is a neutral compound that doesn't crush your estrogen that people can use and DHB was what I found. But again, it's highly liver toxic in me and probably in a lot of other people. But I didn't, yeah, I didn't know about the with family, GUT the, the long acting effective out in realizing takes two or half weeks to keep building. Yeah, it just mounts like a motherfucker. Yeah, right. It's not that one going and going. So yeah, it's kind of like that when you look at a star, the light that's entering your eyeball is so old, the star might have already blown up. And it could be like several billion years ago that light, yeah, yeah, yeah, and now it's hitting your eye. The erotic eye. Like your GGGGT is like what happened two months ago. Yeah, so because I've always had a good of on on injections. I get the memory every every month or three months. So I'm getting that done that afternoon. So I'm getting the blood tests stressed in the morning. Then obviously they come back later on the afternoon and hook it up. But it's tick man. Like you said, things like the violet light, like it's like all that kind of stuff, you just everything's home delivered back. Maybe you want that regard like everyone's coming to your house, you know, it's sweet. You never have to leave. It's just perfect for fucking bodybuilding, you know. But what would you suggest about now, obviously, looking at that on a hypothetical base point, you know, I'm going to come back, you know, my GGT's, you know, it might be a lot higher than what it was, obviously, just tapering it back. Um, or would you say if it is as high as what we think it could be, how do you completely? Because I know with certain compounds, it may not be a good idea just to shut the anthines all the ones as well, you know? So with Matt, okay, so the thing about DHB is it's like master on is that there's no special benefits. There's no extra stuff that it does. It's just anabolic. So literally you can just swap out 10 milligrams of DHB. For 30 milligrams of master on it's pretty much the same thing. Yeah, right. Where is something like anovar has some special properties like an increases collagen synthesis. It can theoretically liberate some fat cells. It might actually decrease TBG. It might decrease CBG, you know, wind stroke has a ton of extra benefits, but that are good for anabolic, but good for looking good on stage. Trend has a ton of extra benefits like increase IGF1 conversion, but it has a downside of decreased collagen synthesis. That's not the case. DHB and master on or almost interchangeable is just DHB's three times the amount of transcription at the DNA level of master on. You know what I said before about how I like to spice out things like 19 knots, right? And I said to people, you know, four weeks at a time, and then I'll come off for four weeks and four weeks back on. Provided give the stars a line, blood works, good, etc, etc. Now when I was referring to something like trend, that's actually what I was referring to. Also the brain damage side of things as well, right? Because you know, you run training, you think, oh yeah, it's great. I've had changed running the longer whatever it is. Now I know you're not a fan of interchanging things like you just said before, but you also did just say that as well, that you don't even run trend for an extended period of time for the brain damage side of things. So for me, it's like the four weeks spot. For most people, as you said, we can run things for longer or whatever it is. But for most people, you know, the average competitor, especially when I'm talking and about things like trend, you know, four weeks at a time. You know, what would be your kind of sweet spot? But it comes to that when we're talking about the brain damage side of things. Well, I don't really buy into the brain damage shed because I've ran as I've ran 100, trying to day for six months at a time before and I didn't get any dumber. So I don't know how much brain damage it caused. I don't think it's significant. So I'm just trying to be just just, well, that's sorry. For me, it's more so when people come back and say, you know, the side effects of your my mood swings, I'm getting angry, I'm getting this, my lack of sleep, you know, which again, this is my personal take and don't take the words out of your mouth. Dude, I've run up to a grandma trying to week, right? It wasn't a good time, right? It was, I would never do it again. I've never got two weeks. But I've done, I've done an impreption for anywhere from five to seven hundred mega trend before. Now, people will come back and say, oh, I've thought did that much. I get the brain damage out. I'm referring to like, you know, the anger in the fucking the, all that kind of shit. Now, the people running those kind of dosies in my opinion, where they're getting ready for shows, they usually lack you sleep anyway, because your blood sugar is a low-cube waking up through the night anyway, right? Trends are going to help with that, because we're on you sleep. You know, they usually hungry, they usually tired, they're pissed off, right? So, and they're using trend acetate, which I always say find as well, gives more of those out of the head because it's very up and down effect. So, that's the question I kind of come back and ask to the return of the question. It's like, okay, isn't really the trend that's given you the so-called my version of brain damage. I call it, or is it the fact that you have the, all these other variables put in place where you're tired, you have to do cardio, and your muscles are left because, you know, you've got a boring life's all the body, you know, all those kind of shit, right? That's, that's causing this kind of so-called brain damage. You don't know me, so that's why, that's why I'm just kind of giving you some context there when, in the fact that I don't actually mean like making you dommoral, like actual brain damage, but you know what I mean, it's like the side effects of what everyone talks about with trend. So, we just need a different shape between brain damage, which would be nerve-under and psychiatric symptoms. So, you're talking about the psychiatric, yeah, yeah, yeah, it sounds amazing. I think the psychiatric symptoms come from using trend acetate, which most of these dumbasses do 100 milligrams every other day, so they have this huge blast of trend on Monday and then nothing on Tuesday, then a huge blast to trend on Wednesday, then nothing on Thursday. So, their levels are all over the fucking place and it's extremely neurologically active. Then, they're also not sleeping, so they're getting sleep and do psychotic, sleep, to prepare for his shins psychosis. So, they're getting psychotic, like actual psychosis, like paranoid delusional schizophrenia is what I used to get because I was so sleep deprived that I think people are plotting against me. And so, I would want it, I needed to destroy them before they destroyed me and I needed to eliminate them. Yeah, like, and so I'm plotting to kill people and stuff along on prep. And I knew it was because of the trend. So, I have to make a deal with myself. I'm like, I'm not going to actually kill them until after a month after prep. And so, I'd plot it out. I'd like to see where they live. I'd keep track of their times that they leave work. And when they're coming home, picking my, I like I have the screwdriver that I'm going to use. Go, so I'm going to end it in the brain. Yeah, because you don't want to use a weapon because then people look like a murder weapon. But if you use a tool, like a hammer or a screwdriver, you can clean it and stick it with the rest of your tools and no one's ever going to think that's a murder weapon. And then stuff like that. Not, not, not, not the you've gone to the depth thinking about at least maybe you'd like a purge. All the time. All the time. It's like pre-bying tarps and twine from different home depots with cash. You know, like so that like it's not like you're going in with a credit card and buy a bunch of shit to dispose of a body all at once. Yeah, I'd be saying later someone who's missing. No, you just stack a pile. It's like twine chicken wire. Yeah, you've been on it on. I'm not having time yet. Yeah, just a little bit. And so I would do that for months just plotting on killing a certain person. And then after the show, the trend goes back to normal and I'm like, I don't even kill that guy. He's a rat. What, what's the next prep? Yeah. Yeah. It's like at least let it wait five years. So there's no motive. Yeah. He'll still be there to kill later. No one's going to kill him first. But that's what I mean. I think all the, all the sarcastic things that come out with it. It's always being judged at a very inconsistent thought. Like you can. Like even when you're not on trap in the middle of the prep and you're in that back end, you can't be judging someone. You know, if someone has a crack at you, whatever it is, like, you know, one of my staff members now, she's a pro Buddhist physique, right? And she had a crack at me about something. She's not on trying to anything, but she had a crack at me about something just just work related. And I'm like, yeah, you're the little bit more snappy because, you know, you're the back end of prep, you know, it is. I know exactly how it is. You know, so I'll find a lot of these guys, especially as well, you also put into the mix of the fact that I bought you what it's meant, like body moves are insecure. You know, that's why we're doing it in the first place, right? There's always some sort of insecurity in there as well. So I find all these things start to really kind of level up and gravitate, especially towards that back end, you know, so that's where I feel, train also gets a really bad name. Well, I just know that whenever I use in the offseason, I used to run between a thousand and 1,400 deco week and about 20 milligrams of train a day, all offseason for years, never had any mood swings, never had any problems. It was totally calm all the time. I found that I got better results when I switched to 800 DACA 800 EQ and used like 20 train a day and 25 an of our day. That was like a really good approach. But after John Jewett's university and I learned that estrogen was needed for edge of one conversion, I was like, that's why my IGF one's always 174 no matter the fact that I'm using eight units of GH and I switched to using like 60 milligrams of test a day and two units of GH and I got a 300 IGF one for the first of my life. I'm like, okay. Yeah, John was right. Yeah, that was right. Yeah, that was a big manipulation. Obviously, back in with Wads as well was he was always looking because we know that test isn't the, you know, the bail and I know like it wasn't the old school, but it definitely has a place as well for helping manipulate basic age-to-age, age-to-age levels. Yeah. So for me to get a 55-estrodial, I have to use 80 train a test a day. 80 test a day is a 55-estrodial, which is more than I say in my videos, which is 20 to 40 milligrams. But that's an estimate based off of HRT patient. Yes. Yes. Yeah. That the HRT patients don't have a hundred pounds of muscle or more. So I've got more receptors. So it takes more testosterone to get the same results. There's less test to eromatize because I don't have it just, I have more muscle to fat ratio. Yeah. If I was a big ball of fat that all the testosterone were just converted to estrogen. Yeah, I had some guys that are like, they're young guys and they're like, they're not fat, but they have no muscle at all. So like 20 milligrams of testosterone and they've got like an 80-estrodial and they start getting gyno. So you've got to run like 10 milligrams and test in them and then use the rest of it as DHB or master on everybody can't handle tests because they're just too squishy. Yeah, that's right. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's like cartmen. You couldn't give cartmen testosterone. Not a way. Not, not without using a cute balance. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Awesome. I'm going to have go flop the cell on this iPad. I'm going to cut it out. Oh, shit. It's about to die, huh? All right, but well, I had a good time chatting with you. It's cool that we got into the talk a little shop. What's unfortunate is I really wanted to talk more about the, um, what should you do for training? And what should you do? Sorry. I had in contests, prepping stuff like that, but we can do another time. Yeah, because I know I'll not be talking about my training in nutrition matters. I'll be changing hate to several galaxies months. Sorry. Why don't we do it hard to, let's just do it next week. Does this work Tuesday next week? Let's do it next week. Next week Tuesday, 10 a.m. My time. I think it is, what do you call it? 5 p.m. a year or a time or something like that? I'll do, I'll do part trucking three, four frogs. Just like a free console for me, man. Oh, fuck yeah. Oh, that's where I'm, I'm very not able to save it. That's really nice to you to say. No, I'm, I got my attitude. I'm just taking the end of our year. Yeah, I prefer to talk about training in nutrition. We just didn't get into it, because it was like, oh, man, he's a big primo guy. I got to hear his take on this. So it's cool that what we had this conversation, but I really want to do the training in nutrition. So let's do it next week, same bat time, same bat channel, and I'll talk to you later, Sam. Thanks for coming on. No, brother, awesome. Part two next week. Talk to you then. All right, cool. See you then. Cheers, brother.