You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. Remember how we were talking about how, like, oh, your five reps or less otherwise it's fatigue bro. And then Paul Carter's like the king of the side of the ablanz. It's because he's on TikTok. It's like his audience are all like green stick, fractured, gumby mother fuckers, where you could basically, they can do five reps with their 200 pounds. And nothing's going to snap off the bone. And he's in his late 40s and he's doing like four or five reps with a billion pounds, making it look like old ass men like me can do that. We cannot. That he's been powerlifting this whole time. He has Adam Mantey and Skeleton. I could use that by this point. I'm already bone on bone. Put that in my hip, please. You're going to be get another one done. She can be a cyborg like they've taken Roman. Just just fucking do it. Just get the other hip and then you can just have both of them. I have a serious question. They're like, how many of these broccoli head kids do you think are going to end up like with my hair in the near future? Well, I hopefully they watch my channel and they learn about using the safest protocols possible so they don't lose the hair by using testosterone as a base molecule. But using testosterone as long as your dick works don't use more test use antibiotics steroids. They're safer for your hair. So that testosterone is a sex hormone not an antibiotics steroid. So, okay, I'm so glad that you just said this. I have such a big bone to pick with these high-deage tea derived cycles. Like run testosterone as your base, please, for the love of God. It's actually going to be really interesting to see. I want to see what the heart disease ramifications are from the super like two grand, remote cycles and stuff like that in 200 tests. Oh, let's back this up. Like 200 tests a day or 200 tests a week. Okay, that's totally fine. That's a test base. That's an HRT level of test. I think that's totally cool. And I think pre-mo a baby dose of pre-mo to control your baby dose test is totally unnecessary. No, no, two grand. Oh, two grams. I thought you said 200 milligrams. No, no, so I did, I actually didn't experiment. So when I was on 120 tests, you'll like this one actually. So this is good for your audience. So I did 120 tests. That was my test level, right? And I actually usually pull back like a 1400 or 1450 man and remember, desolater. My doctor's always asking me and I'm usually missing like one shot a week. So it's usually like between 80 to 120. So I averaged out a hundred. So this is a really good baseline to start up because I'm so low. But my breeds are fine. My estrogen sits at a 76 to a 78 for the chronically for like the last pretty much four years. Since I saw bodybuilding. So a little bit higher. Empathy. Empathy. That's right. Emotion. That's it. The E words. The E words. It keeps him married. That's right. That's keeping me married. It keeps the wife in the house. Yes. She laughed at your own body. You got to sleep at night with you. Me. She vetoed it on Saturday and Sunday. I was like, holy shit. She's going to let him play this late. It's past his bedtime. She's like, She's like, we're going to dinner. She's like, She's like, she looked at me. I thought I was going to die. I was like, dude, I can't. Then not this time. You get away with another. She raised him to a Gucci purse. And she pulled out her her primo and her seros dim and the she pulled out your balls. And she's like, you see this. This is going right back here and we're going to dinner. But as long as I have this Sarah would have been okay with that deal. I was going to throw them. It's like, Sarah. I have my primo. I have my primo. I have my primo. My, Sarah. Okay. Like it's all from legally blonde. It's like, Just doing the bend and snap. That's what that's what I like about. Oh my god. Bend and snap. It's like that's the pivot for bikini. That's how I teach people to already on. Like just bend and snap. Yeah. I was like, But you will like this one. You know, You don't know what to do. I'm going to go through my pro l, Bro, my pro l, I can was a 44. You want to talk about emotions. Oh, it's like, Oh, man, Bro, I was like, I was like, Why am I watching Disney and getting emotional right now? Like I felt like I want to break down with the end of the movie. I was like something is off right now. And I'm going to, One to 20 does not like running trend. So, But my product is higher than when I was running trend. That's for sure. So I get my labs back and I'm like, All right, well, I need to fix this. I told my doctor after the facts, but the first thing I did with a walk up there that I took in a room. I was like, Okay, yeah, I know you're going to ask, So I'll talk the loop system. So like bring down the estrogen, bring it on the pro l, and second hand, right? So that was my methodology behind it because I was an estrogen, so high can bring it down. I'll be fine. So I ended up doing half an aromasin. Well, that did one. But ended up doing 2.5 milligrams of aromasin every single week. Because usually it doesn't impact my lipid profile. That much, right? When I have graves as easy, so I have to watch my cardio bass or markers for sure. So after one month of doing it, my estrogen goes down from, I believe this time it was a 78 and it went down. 10 times, let me guess, 39. Close. 32 actually. Oh, okay. 32 very close because I, Like I was 65% suppression. Okay, that makes sense. Yeah. I was thinking 50% but I got to confuse with the 78, but I was about 78. So 78, so it's 50%. The aromasin is 65% X is an X of best thing. X of, X of the same. Yeah. So after that, what happened with my lipid profile is super and harassing other cardio bassar reads too. So my homo-sistine went up from a 7 to a 22. And so wait, that's it for you guys out there. That's from a 14 the max scale. It was out of 22. So my homo-sistine was high. My able be one from a a can't remember it was in the 60 somewhere. Maybe like 69 or 68 or just go with 69 or like the number. And it went up to a 109 on the APOB able be read stops at 100. My LDL for the first time and I'm on a zidimide, by the way, 10 milligrams per day. And I also take like Easter medicine stuff like 600 milligrams of red rice. He's extract, et cetera. And my LDL went up to a one. Oh nine or one 12, I can't remember but it was the first time it's ever been about 100 since I even when I was bodybuilding was about 100. It was after I stopped bodybuilding and went over 100 and I got on the zidimide. So then I came back off I was like, let me ask you to allow this to come back up and my pull act and do come down by the way. My pull act and keep me on wedded and she just cut the aroma and half. I was doing 12.5. But why not go down to 6.2 because it was a circular pill that's like I can't even like it's like I'm not even a pupil. This is why I use liquids. I see I hate liquids because the dispersion issues. Shake it. Bro. You just shake the goddamn container and it goes back in suspension. See I always had an issue though. For some reason the half-life stability didn't make sense. Like it wasn't ever stable when I was taking it like this. It doesn't need to be stable if you take a tenth of a milligram every day twice a day. That's different. But I don't need to do a tenth of a milligram. Well I guess I could do a tenth of a milligram. I don't know. Yeah. Okay. So you have a tenth of a milligram. Because if it's 25, then a tenth is 2.25. Yeah. So then if you take twice a day it's 0.5 a day. So you're talking about 15 and it's approximately. Okay. So that would make sense. It's really quick. Yeah. You can just you can titrate it perfect to give the exam. That's just the exact estrogen you want and land that plane. So either way, blew my heart now. So I let my estrogen come back up right? I'm like, I'm a black and guy cut down at half. I'm so feeling emotional because I had a 24. I still I still am crying during Disney movies. So let it come back up. I'm like, all right. Let's fix the cardiovascular. All my cardiovascular reads, basically went back to a normal right? What they originally act. We're at get on. Sorry. Wait, no. They didn't. It after like two more weeks. They didn't go back down to normal. They were still like they were coming back down but super, super slowly, right? Then I was like, you know what? I was like my estrogen, but my estrogen go back. Did go back up to get ticket guests. 78. 76. So two less than the 78. Okay. So with the error margin of the testing. Like, it's not exactly right. So then my pro-locked and did so. It was like, all right. I'm done with this. So get 30 milligrams of pre-mo into the mix. So 120 tests, 30 milligrams of pre-mo. Oh my god. It probably brought it down to 15. Wait. Not quite that much. I'll give you hint. Not quite that much. 18? No. Not quite that much. 22. Okay. I'm just going 36. What? For hire. It didn't even cut it. And man, I think that's the best way to do this. It didn't even cut it. And man, because usually with me, 20 milligrams of pre-mo a day is going to cut it right in half. For a 30 per resource. Oh, 30 a week. Oh, I think you've been 30 a day. No. Like 120 total per week of tests. 30 milligrams of pre-mo. A pre-mo a week. Oh, God. Okay. That was very powerful. Yeah. Entire estrogen. So that's how much is it? That's why I tried to tell people. If your pre-mo is properly dose, I mean, it's a crushes your estrogen. All right. Actually, my here's just picked up. I noticed it when I helped on pre-mo almost immediately because the estrogen was getting down lower. But my, my pro-lactin went down to a 12. So finally within range, homo-sistine levels dropped. It went back up to a, it was at like a 24 or 22 before I did the pre-mo. It dropped down to a 10 on the homo-sistine. So back down within ranges. The LDL dropped from the 110-ish marker all the way back down to a 79. Yeah, I'll ever pay attention to his A-pobie. Because every A-pobie is the aggregation of all the athletic potential. So the other factors are just red, hearing and confusing. The patient is just like, wanted to, just do, just, just what's the A-pobie? And then like, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my. All I care about his A-pobie. And then like, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. It's 2025. We use A-pobie now. And if we don't use A-pobie, it's because they're old and stupid. And then they're like, okay, no, only read them for LDL is honestly plack build-up factor, more so than anything else. But if your blood glucose is in check, you're taking a large dose of nato kinase, then the, the risk factor of, like, plack build-up is relatively low. If you're managing your, like, meta-due. And then the pressure, inflammation, then the LDL doesn't matter somewhat. She got to have the, the trinity. Exactly. The, the aphosicurotic triad. That's exactly right. And then you don't get Alzheimer's and dementia. Which also you need to sleep for that. Stay away from heart battles. But yeah, there's, I think I calculated out there's five different mechanisms of contributing risk factors for Alzheimer's. And Benadryl's not one of them. So yes, it's a correlation, not causation. Right. Exactly. Yep. But just because court, there's synality is correlated with Benadryl. And synality is a symptom of Alzheimer's. But that doesn't mean that Benadryl causes Alzheimer's. They're two different completely different converging pathways to synality. So you want to talk about some loop. Let's, let's, I'm, I'm going to go like, full. I can't say the word because I'll probably get canceled. So you can't get canceled off my, okay. Yeah, I'm so full. Okay, I'm going to fall autistic for a second neurodivergent way of a politically correct term. I think now we don't do politically correct here. Okay. We say nerdy fuck. Yeah. Go in full bone. Go in full bone. All right. So they're with me. All right. So gastrointestinal system, which no one talks about, right? Basically your recirculation of everything is happening through the gastrointestinal system to a certain extent. Mm-hm. It's super interesting. I'm curious to see if we eventually see direct causations of one breast cancer and beta glucoronidase enzymes being too elevated because they're recirculating phytosestrogens, which by the way, have also seen a men trying to smash AI's, having issues with beta glucoronidase and the recirculation of estrogen and they can't get out of their body and like because it's recirculating through your gut. And then that's one thing. The other thing is potential dementia and increased blood glucose risk. And the also the actual integrity and intestinal lining. So it's an insolent lining. So it's an insolent lining. And what redats going to have an issue with the gamp junctions. Yep. And then we have the biotin starvation and hair. And so which one is actually causing is a micronutrient deficiencies to your hair that's causing the hair loss or as you blast and gear because on to test your eye and gear, I don't think you're really going to have hair loss issues from DHT. So is it your gut because you're jamming a bunch of food down your throat and your guts jacked up and you have a bacterial overgrowth. So these are all things and then you have also the histamine dribble which you finally have correlations with or the histamine's causing hair loss. You're been saying for a long time and you're bloated on stage and you have water and it's not because you need a diuretic because your histamine content's high, your angiotensin's high and your gut sucks. That's why I always do the lyratidine, the serdezine and the Dio and hybidardaley. And then I'll take benedrial the night before the show to make sure I'm dry as fuck from a different mechanism. So I'm curious, like Dio and hybidard are you taking drug Dio? Dio and hybidard. No, no, no, let me just go get it. It's called histamine digest. And actually it's going to have a histamine digest. So Dio is the enzyme that breaks on histamines. That's in the kidneys. The issue with like, right, it's the anti inhibitor that hold them. Let me just look at the histamine digest. Sure it is. Dio gets super expensive when you're jamming it down like to actually. It's expensive. No, I know how much across. It's a poor, poor, it's, um, catalysts and Dio porcelain kidney protein extract. 4.2 milligrams daily. And it's a 30,000 HDU for histamine neutralizing enzyme. Yeah. Yeah, you're right. I'm taking pig Dio. But I guess this means that people who are halal and kosher can't do this. So Dio is amazing. But like one issue that I have with like the functional spaces, they try to throw all this estromedicine at them. Sometimes Western medicine is way better. And curious, are you taking all the antibody chance? Low dose on track zone? No. No. So it changed my life, man. I actually have the shingles for four months. And I try to, I finally fix my seabed, right? Small test of bacteria overgrowth can lead to overgrowth and leaky gut as having really bad zongolins. The highest zongolin I ever had was a 760 by the way. Okay. So let's talk about those. Yeah. The gap junctions are broken down, creating leaky. My understanding is gap junctions are broken down to the enzyme that's released in order for us to digest gluten. It is zanolin the name of the enzyme that eats the gap junctions. Things zongolins the breed. All right. I think it's a protein one second. Yeah, zongolin is approaching that regularly. It's a tight junctions of intestinal walls. I was like, I think it's a great one. Right. That's, I thought it was part of the gig. It's the, the, the, the rebar that holds the cement to get up. That's correct. And that it, and it gets digested, it would break apart. So you, we want zanolin the way you phrased it was zanolin. No, you know, you, you want low, lower zanolin, the lower zanolin. So zanolin, it controls the permeability of the gut lining. So if it's too high, so let me just read this to you really fast. This is from Maryland University of school. When zanolin levels are elevated, it can lead to increased intestinal permeability. Okay. Hold on. Then levels detected in the blood. That might mean that it's because it's been broken down and released from what it was holding the cell together. The zanolin levels in the, the gap junctions, the zanolin holds it together. So if we're seeing zanolin levels high in the blood, it means it's been broken down and released into the blood. Yeah. So it's, it's weaker. Yes. Right. Okay. Yes. Yes. Good thing if detect you in your blood is a bad thing, because it's not supposed to be in your blood. It's supposed to be in your intestinal lining. Yes. Yes. Because what I always have to say to people when they tell me, but cur, havens, such, injecting, GH under the skin is better than in the muscle because you have higher GH levels. So like higher GH levels in the blood, we don't want our GH in the blood. We want it in the muscle. Yeah. I mean, yeah. And the body's again, eventually, it's a peptide, right? So the body's going to do with it, what the body's going to do with it eventually. We're just like, please, give me some MGF out of it, right? And it's like a random generator. I'm actually curious if they ever figure out that formula. We have no clue. Like it's like, that's why I like taking direct, I'm GF is a different exon. So there's, there's one gene for, at GF one, A, E. And then there's at GF one, A, C. And then the A, GF one, A, C is also called M, GF. It's in, there's intrans and exons in the gene, and depending on which exons are used to make the transcription on RNA in order to make the translated protein, that's what determines if it's IGF one or MGF. And that we don't control that. That, that happens to do with mechanical tension. It drives MGF expression. GH, binding of the GH receptor is what drives IGF one. Traditional IGF one expression in the muscle cell. Yes. Okay, with you. I was seeing where you go. Yes. Well, at the end of the day, like when you're doing growth hormone or IGF one, the body's going to try to repair, what the body's going to try to repair. And that's like it. It's going through your system at the end of the day. What were you even, oh, yeah, Zoneland, right? Zoneland. Yeah, so load also on track zone, being a miracle drug. So load also on track zone essentially binds to the opioid receptors. And the US, the US, the US, you use an ultrach zone for like alcoholics or opioid addicts. That's right, thought. I thought it's like, it's not the one, I think I can move dry on a blank, but methadone. It's not like methadone, but it's in the same application as methadone. That's correct. So long and half life is a short peak. And the short peak is a low addiction potential. So if you switch someone from a short half life, high peak to a long half like short peak, you can win someone off, like switching from Zoneland to value. So I love this. Because again, you're talking about habitual things. Like it drives dopamine, right? And that creates habit. So that's why Zoneland is so bad. It's such a short half life that you keep having to re-op on it. And that's why it's so highly addictive. It's kind of like cocaine. It's so highly addictive because like in and out, in and out. And you have to keep re-opping and it creates a habit out of it because the dopamine are spawned. And that's a long, we can have a long conversation about the pro-lactin issues that dopamine to and recreation. Which is why I'm such a big fan of retitude side is that it's pretty much blunt still but means seeking behavior. So retitude side is a great adjunct for addiction medicine. So they just don't know what exists yet. It's how you, well, they're doing research actually on, it's either a Zempig or some of Glutide and Pornatics right now. Like there's a few things. I've definitely noticed that myself is that versus I started using retitude side, Porn's gross. Interest. It's like, I've just like, no interest. What ghosting are you running at? I noticed that with one milligrams twice a week right now, I'm doing two milligrams twice a week. Okay, so I actually am doing an experiment with one milligrams once a week right now because with graves, these are the most strict on it. So I have a lab. So it's not a mystery. I would eat a pint of ice cream two hours before this lab because I could feel like I was hypoglycemic because I'm just metabolizing everything so fast. That's why my calories are so high you guys in the office. And we just didn't know at the time. My blood glucose two hours after a pint of ice cream was a 42. Wow. I once did that with trend. I was doing just a regular amount of trend. Nothing fancy like 20 milligrams a day and 200 decade I used to do that for years. It was 200 decade, 20 milligrams of trend. It was like a perfect. And I had a keto mojo. And so if you hit like a three in the keto mojo, you're in ketosis. I ate like a whole bag of gummy bears, like 150 grams of sugar worth of gummy bears. And I had like a six on the keto mojo. I, that with trend, your, so insulin, so insulin, so insulin, so the one trend, you can eat an entire bag of gummy bears and still being ketosis. It, that's crazy, by the way. So that was after a leg day. I my way of hoping from the leg day is slam the whole bag of gummy bears. And then I did my keto mojo when I walked in the door and it was like boom, six. Then like the next, then a couple hours later, 12. Then the next morning 24. So this is like, this is like, I was just like damn. Try, try people under us and me how strong try and actually is. And the older that you get, the more you notice how strong it is because then you start noticing the side effects behind it and it's like the acid reflux, which is usually from hisdoons. I don't know why, no one talks about this. It's from hisdoons. Usually it's from hisdoons. It can also obviously because a glucocortic order is up. People forget that, well, they don't know this, but there's three histamine receptors, H1, H2, H3, H3 is a lyrtonis. H2 is on the fundus of the stomach and has gastron, a proton, hydrochloric acid production. Yep. Gastron is released from the gamus cells in the pancreas. People know about the alpha cells for glucocone and the beta cells for insulin, but they forget about the gamus cells or release gastron. And then the pancreas sits right up against the fundus of the stomach. So it's not even an endocrine hormone, it's a paracrin hormone. And it binds to the fundus of the stomach, binds to the, the gastron receptor, and then that facilitates the H2 binding, I think. And that's what causes the hydrochloric acid to get released in the stomach. Yep. And the interesting thing, so I was doing tons of research to try to see how to inhibit H2, like stinging atle, I mean, like, I was even looking into like, manucahoney or something like that. Stinging atle's one that's really good, porciting, like you know, if a porciting is H1 receptor and also helps detoxification of histamine, too, there is not a way to directly inhibit H2. I could have find this one. Renata demon, the medication Renata demon, I think. That's it. You can do it with hot-sand-riddenity. Right, but again, if we lose stomach acid, we lose the ability to adjust protein, which means we don't absorb the protein, which means you're gonna get impacted colon, which is gonna cause abdominal distension, which is gonna eventually cause a big waste. So, you have to do B10HCl and drive it if you're stomach acid as high as you can, so I fucking hate that shit. It's, it's, it's, it's, yeah, it's super interesting because like B10HCl, like when you're on like trend, you talk about like you're taking six caps before four-year meals. You're probably growing H-plory by that point from just feeding it so much stomach acid before your meals, and then you have to dress H-plory on the back end of your prep. But like, who knows this stuff? Not any normal gastrointuralisers. You're the only one I've talked to. I've known a lot of GI experts, and then when I started asking them questions, they don't know shit. It was like, I'm like, I know this stuff. You're not a GI expert. My GI skills are like a two out of 10. And I know more than you do. You're not a GI expert. It's just the general publicus of zero. Is, do you've got a one in the general publicus of zero? It's, it's super interesting that I was very much opposed to antibiotics at one point in time. And the antibiotic systems that everyone's using now is like two, it's refaxing it in Cipro or Faxman in Eomacid. It's like, they don't actually look at the actual bacteria and like, oh, cool. We can use a singular antibiotic and hit three to four of the different strains that are super high or B. It's low enough. Why don't we use Allison and a biofilm tool to break it down to get rid of it rather than blasting the entire gastrointestinal system. Kill off the wrong strains, make you resistant to other antibiotics or antimicrobials because antimicrobials do the same thing, changing it at a genetic level, technically. And then it's like, just look at what's in front of you. Like, I've got a funny dinosaur. I leave her in the bathroom really quick. I've got a fucking dinosaur. All right, I'll get it out from two then. I feel like Tangy. She went so much. Yeah, I actually, so like, I was at the dentist, my dentist is cool. And she's like, well, we're gonna, I'm like, she's cleaning my gums really hard and it's just like, got your bleeding all over the place. And I was like, cool. And she's like, we're gonna have to give you a max of insulin. I'm like, is it because of the bacterial intercorditis? She's like, yeah, I'm like, I'll take my chances. She's like, what you could die. I was like, yeah, but there's like a 0.1% chance I died. But there's a 99% chance we wipe out all of the bacteria in my colon. And I'm gonna miss this show. And it's to victory or death. So I'd rather take my chances with death than show up on stage looking wrong. And she's like, are you serious? Like, yes, she's like, no, no, no. I mean, are you serious? It's a kills bacteria. I'm like, yeah. And if you wipe out your bacteria in your intestines, you're gonna lose your immune system. And then since everyone's all but I have a shape about this COVID bullshit, it's like, oh, let's wipe out the person's immune system to guarantee that they die from the virus, but we'll prevent them from getting a hard infection that they're not getting. And then she's like, wow, I need to ask you so many questions. I was like, thank you for being open. My name's enough to listen. Most people just get butts sore. And then they just think, well, he's wearing a baseball key. He doesn't really know anything about medicine. This is like, you don't have a white coat on right now. It's like, yeah, I'm in your fucking chair. But I wear a white coat to your office. You shouldn't walk in into glasses. They would have known, man. Yeah, I think people are so fucking subute. Look, look at doctors. Like, oh, I don't have scrub surgically sold to my body. I'm glad I'm not repotting. It's been a while since I've been on a podcast with this one, man. This is great. Oh, man. So yeah, I don't think that people understand the ramifications. Oh, so we can talk about immune system really fast. Well, it doesn't track some. Sorry, we never even got back into it because we started talking about histamines and going all over the place. So low dose or trexal binds to the opioid receptor. So one of the good things about that is that it makes you more sensitive to your own opioids that you naturally produce. So it helps with the pain. Even out of very small dose, it helps with the pain. Low dose or trexal is usually like traditionally like one milligram, it's four point five milligrams. It can technically go up to Crohn's levels, which is like 12.5 milligrams. But what it does, it also drives of endorphins. What I found out from running low dose or trexal is not only did I feel better, it's hard to explain because like when you take it and you just stop, you like notice the difference because when you start back up, you're like, oh, wait, I was feeling better on it. So it drives up endorphin release. The other thing that it helps is with microbiome balancing and because of it. And after having the shingles for four, so I kill off Cibo, kid off Candida, fix my leaky gut. During this time frame, I write afterwards two weeks after. I got the shingles. When I say the shingles, I actually still have scarring. I think I still have scarring like all my chest. But it wrapped through the entire left side of my body. And I was like, there's a 0% chance. Like, I do after having like a herpes virus for that long that I don't have my gut absolutely wrecked. So the first thing I did after four months of shingles is our range eye mapping because I was like, during it, I was like having like severe diarrhea and stuff like that. I mean, I felt terrible. And after all that, my gut with the best it had ever been. A load of also trexone was the only major difference that was in there. And that was at the moment in time. I was sold because I medically had proof that it actually did what I wanted to do. But my rep, here's a little pushback. Okay. The number one side effect of opiates is it slows down gastric motility. So maybe it's just a simpler explanation than that. Maybe it's simply that it slows down the gastric motility, which allowed time for more food to get absorbed. So less of it was just ripping through you. Getting to your colon and then feeding the bacteria releasing gas and other problems. So interesting. Well, and the GOP ones do that too. So we might be able to achieve the same result with red or two tied without using a load dose and the trexone. Okay. So different mechanisms. I don't think that it's bad to have both. And red or two tied 100%. Like red or two tied 100%. A, we're gonna, it's just like taking metformin or burberry and burberries like actually burberries like way better for your got then metformin. Right, then metformin, and fucks you up. Let me form and fix this. Unless you take too much because it's not by available. So that, but if you have leaky gut, you'll absorb burberry and wave better. So you can get away with way less burberry with leaky gas. So burberries really effective for killing off a methamin bacteria, by the way. Very effective for killing off methamin bacteria in the gut. So it, that does a balancing fact. So metformin and burberry. And the worst you're gut is the more diarrhea that you have for the first two weeks. Then your gut is actually got on-stout. So burberry, and though, is a way stronger antimicrobial than metformin. Now the cool thing about it is the gut to brain access way. When you have less blood glucose or you're dumping out the extra glucose that's in your system, in your intestines, then it's the signaling to the brain. And that's truly like where the magic starts happening. So again, with like, if you're taking a GOP one, it's like, why wouldn't it have the same impact where you're having better gut-to-brain access way? It's signaling that we don't need glucose or ringing glucose. You're releasing the insulin, things like that. So it helps nutrient absorption to a large extent. And we are going to start seeing like, maybe I don't think they're ever going to script it for it. Like, if it fixes your microbiome so much, plus people that are obese, they're eating less food now, so they're getting less bacteria growth going on. So it's like multifaceted, and they're going to start a general populist. They're not going to start a sports performance. Not for now anyways. And I think that we are going to actually see that. So I mean, why not? You're eating less food, less bacteria. I think that once the ax games do better than the Olympics, then people will start actually doing their fucking jobs and testing how to make humans better. Not just how to keep them sick and how to use medicine to treat diseases, but how do we use medicine to make people so healthy? They don't get to diseases in the first place. And the way that you do this is you invert the entire medical system with privatized money, which takes a, takes a minimum, a small amount of like, minimum billion dollars, like liquid billion dollars to have a hospitalization system and you're talking about like $500 million. And then you have a triage process and you're paying in for preventive health care. Then once you have preventive health care, exactly. Then you have acute health care. And then you have, I'll let you know that. None of this shit, you wait till the boomers are dead, you wait till the gym extras are dead because none of the millennials are dumb enough to buy health insurance. And everybody's paying for concierge medicine with their flex counts and HSAs. And then that people will act and then when peptides and do it yourself, medicine is so mainstream that all those AMA fuckers will be dead, all the FDA fuckers will be dead. And they'll be people like you and me in charge. And then we just simply say, hey, you're not getting NSA funding unless it's on shit to make people better. None of this more diabetes research. If some stupid mother fucker eats himself to death, fuck him. We wanna know how to use the insulin to make you get better performance in the gym so that you don't ever get sick in the first place. How do we do this? So since everyone's using this shit to get healthier, let's figure out how to do it. Let's figure out how to do how exactly do you use this in a healthy young man who's got a hundred pounds of muscle. Like how do we actually, and people like, well, there's no money in it because there's not enough people like that. There will be, there will be. Everyone wants to get, everyone wants to get ginger. Everyone wants to get ginger. They've already figured out a reverse aging in animals. They've already figured out a 3D print organs. People would be like 200 fucking years old and they've had 200 years to build some fucking muscle and there'll be milestone inhibitors in shit. Humans are gonna look way more impressive. It's not gonna be like the grays where they're just like some brain at a stock. People are gonna be jacked to shit. I completely agree, man. And there are smart ways to do this. Like it doesn't take a copious amount of steroids to get jack. It really doesn't. If you're actually training hard 200 milligrams, it's saucer in some growth hormone which by the way, actually has been proven to reverse age people. It's the study was, it's the Chinese study, met Foreman, a DHA and it was growth hormone and it like reverse age them all at average mean of like seven years or something like that. And what and what window? And short, it was a short window of time. I think it was like six months, right? Are you aware of this? No, but I'm sure they're vitality got shortened. Because there's all these stupid mother fuckers to say, oh, growth hormone shortens your lifespan because of what it did in rats that we're gonna get cancer anyway. Like that doesn't count. It's like we don't have humans that have been using growth hormone long enough to see that it's shortens lifespan. Yeah, I entirely disagree with that statement. Now the interesting thing is if you actually look at the studies on growth hormone, it's basically in conclusive weather cause the cancer not because it doesn't cause cancer. If you have cancer or tumor growth might be growing. Because it has a chance, a chance. IGF1 grows every inch. So if eating protein increases IGF1 lifting weights increases IGF1, everything you do to grow muscles increases IGF1, which means if IGF1 increases cancer, that means everything you do grows cancer. Now if somebody once said you're an idiot, exercises have been shown to decrease the amount of cancer. It's like, yeah, if you exercise, you have a healthy immune system, you produce a natural killer cells that goes through and kills the cancer cells. But there's still the IGF1 stimulating those cancer cells. Just the rate of the natural killer cells, killing off the cancer cells, is faster than the IGF1 can grow them. So I'm not saying you shouldn't do this, fuck nuts, is I know you're out there. Is that the point is I'm saying is it's stupid to a boy growth hormone on the pretense that the IGF1's in the cause cancer because everything you're doing if you watch this channel is increasing your IGF1. As you should. And the interesting thing is, people don't understand like biology or mechanisms and actions to all that well. If you look at everything in a box, right? When you train the number one thing, the pre-cursor to actually growing muscle to actually breaking down muscle tissue so you can regrow bigger and stronger is a rackodonic acid, which if you want to say, a rackodonic acid is one of the worst things you can put into your body because you want to talk about increasing risk of heart disease. It is literally inflammation. That's what it is. But you know what? We need to grow muscle tissue. And when you go to the gym and you train a rackodonic acid is the requirement of fundamental requirement for muscle high-purchasing. So the rackodonic acid is a pre-cursor to prostate gland and F2. And that the F2 is critical for repairing damage tissue. So here's the divergence from what I used to say, the same thing you as Alice set me straight, that their parallel processes, high-purture fee, and repair. They're not consecutive. You don't have to repair all the damage to then start growing. The growing is happening in some muscle cells while the repairing is happening in different muscle cells. So you would have to grow muscle cell A before you can grow it. But just because muscle cell A is damaged, it means muscle cell B is damaged. So the satellite cell migration to a non-damage cell will just grow the cell. Satellite cell migration to a damaged cell repairs the cell. And prostate gland then F2 is needed for the repair. Interesting tidbit. F2 also breaks up the mucus plug in the cervix. So if you're pregnant, that exact enzyme or prostate gland and would then cause spontaneous abortion. So women's bodies have evolved not to produce F2. So women can't train as hard when they're pregnant as when they're not pregnant. That's why always program women at a 15 reps minimum. Is that if you're handling a weight that's so light, you can do it 15 times, then that means you're not gonna be doing as much damage as if you're doing something you could do only five times. So your recovery is gonna be about the same with 15 reps, whether you're pregnant or not pregnant. But if you weren't pregnant, because you can't make the prostate gland enough too. I mean, if you were pregnant, you can't make the prostate gland enough too. And you train hard and heavy, you wouldn't recover as well. Now, doctors don't understand this. They just say, oh, you're pregnant, you can do like cardio. But because they're like, don't get too fat, you know? But there's actually science behind it that these doctors don't know. So I just wanna loop back into non pregnant women early fast. This is the most fast. I prefer to go into non pregnant women too. Because she still doesn't know. She's a master nowadays. And if she's pregnant as I told that now. She's pregnant, look at that, don't even want to kick me off the fat gal. And if my sister was pregnant, they'd definitely pay me backpack because my sister was pregnant. I think one of the most fascinating things in the training space when you're talking about like overload principle and all this stuff is you take a man and you get send them a training program and you take a woman and you send them a training program and you take that same training program that you send the woman and you train it to the man and you send it to the man and you bury the man into the ground and you just want to vomit everywhere. And then you can handle so much more volume and I think it has to do with estrogen by the way more than any no don't think it has to do with estrogen they did a study on us okay women don't try women don't go anywhere close to failure that's why they can train three legs three times a week bro and I know I know you train competitive women it's different but normal women are lazy as fuck women they train they're more interested in cleaning the equipment before and after they use it than actually doing a set you're starting so round you're this like my career is burning to the ground around me and in the future because I was on tatspottcast is like I will never live down the shit that came out of this asshole's mouth but but I've had female competitors they're like oh I need more delt volume I'm like I've got you on 18 sets a delt week I was like I hear this an idea why don't you try harder like what do you mean I'm like you get 15 reps every set on all 18 sets guess what you never hit failure why don't you like try so well I can't really feel my doubts I'm like because you're just flailing we're not flapping our wings here just stick your fist out to the side lower it down slow and when it gets to the point where it's gonna lose tension stop and come back up and just squeeze and stretch squeeze and stretch against resistance all right I want to fall down to go to the gym to get a fit like real can competitors like if you I'd like wellness athletes this is the mind blowing part well oh that's different a wellness athlete is like a bottom heavy body that's a real woman there so the amount of volume and I'm talking like they try to bury themselves like I have trained them in the gym I've tried to bury them the amount that they can train is almost second to none compared to a man like if I try to do the same thing with a man they're done like if you could cut the volume almost in half right now the weight load is different so the central nervous system is devaried very different trust me like and the lungs these women they have the same size look okay these women are also doing close to three hundred fifteen pounds squat they have freaks okay that's a lot of weight like like most men can't even do this and most most human man yeah but not to compare no not competitors I mean I hope that I mean I don't even know if competitors can squat four or five anymore than I enter in sport they should be a lot of retired I retired squatting three years ago and I tried to just do it the other day and I did like two twenty five for like six reps and my glutes were so sore in ten minutes I was like well god damn this is this is why retired this exercise I don't feel any quads and my glutes I feel like I got kicked in the S by dog really after doing one set of two twenty five for so my gosh yeah so when the best like growing protocol I ever had it was six weeks ten of time I added six weeks ten of time before I was getting wasted for my bachelor party so let's have some fun right hit some injectable deborder in that period of time it's the only time I ever ran deball amazing by the way like I actually don't like deball I think it's a terrible compound for bodybuilding injectable deball I don't know why now it's completely breaks down different the former kinetics changes when you inject it and it also bypassed the first pass I handle estrogen extremely while obviously my T or T and I'm out like 78 but during that set of time it was 50 milligrams every other day is what I was doing um but yeah why on earth would you inject deball every other day rather than 25 every best but I chose because I hated injecting it oh my gosh you're one and though did you warm it up too? no I didn't warm it up I've never warmed it up okay okay no I'll give this sucked a sucked so I think it's made sure I knew it sucked oh the during that set of time I started at a 405 for a reps that was my top set right and then we're gonna match that we're gonna two top sets I went from in that six weeks at a time and now we keep in mind I was I was way heavier swarming than a 405 I went from 405 for a with a drop set of three 15 immediate drops that there was no breaking between those immediate drops set of and I think it was of 12 to 14 reps or so it's kind of harder remember but I remember my peak six weeks later 500 pounds eight reps drops at 365 23 reps and I tore my quad on the 500 pounds squat by the way I have to I tore about like four to five reps deep and I knew I tore it and I was like I'm gonna keep going I was like it's already torn whatever as long as I can stand back I'll probably get it and I can stand back up so um kept going then I dropped to the 365 I didn't tell my training partner at the time a best training partner I've ever had Samlin and then 365 and I just went until I won the vomit and then afterwards like it was just like everything was out of me like my soul left my body but I we were yelling at each other dude that was so much fun and I wish that people had that experience of like literally just burying yourself but but you tore your quad yeah but it really grows you know I've like 18 I use a growth hormone day be piece one part seven TB 500 it'll be better two weeks I think the moral of the story is that kids you can grow if you do some crazy as steroid cycle you might grow muscle and strength really quick but the tenants don't get up and you'll tear the muscle right off the bone so this is one of the many reasons why Uncle Todd says just tight trade up slow and as long as you're making progress with progressive resistance you don't need boy and I will say that the best growing stand up time I ever had was 300 milligrams of testosterone and for I was broke at the time for I use a growth hormone and that was the best growing stand I ever had actually though like the dense tissue I grew during that time because I always felt good and also coming off cycle I was always known believes me about this I was always stronger off cycle than I was on cycle now the volume load I couldn't handle as much but my actual strength might be slow so much better on execution I couldn't recover the same that was only difference but like my training intensity was always stronger off cycle than on cycle and I don't know my people don't believe me you want to say that I was like it's so soft cycle it's so simple because you cut your volume down dramatically so you're recovering faster you weren't getting as much volume but you were covering faster so you're actually going in the gym more refreshed so you rather than hitting the gym with 80 to 90 percent of your power frequently you were hitting it with 100 percent of your power infrequent so you're strength actually grew faster I agree with that I think that's one piece that's a good that's a great piece to bring out another piece was blood pressure and blood thickness I my hematocrate levels it doesn't matter I naturally have high hematocrate even before I even started taking to saw syndrome one time I couldn't even blood donate because I ran so high and it's so weird right like I was like I turned you away but well if we do this you might live we can't have that yeah your blood's too thick we can't take it it's just throw it in the fucking toilet bitch I need to come out so I didn't understand it I was like I was like what do you mean I'm trying to donate for my cousins she's having a drive going on like I'm the blood drive no I'm not donating for shit just pouring for like six years because I was so upset I felt like I was being discriminated so either way my hematocrate always ran high so I think one of the biggest pieces is out in my hematocrate levels were running lower so I felt better in the gym because high hematocrate you just feel so sluggish was always the biggest thing my food volume by the way relatively stayed the same I was always having to eat a ton of food but I think that was the biggest thing for me was potentially hematocrate and I do believe what you said is 100% accurate as well would drink water and you'd blood will be thinner no bro I was wearing like two gallons a day I think boy like were you putting salt to it yeah I saw everything man