We're here. You're watching Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. And back by extremely popular demand, we have Sam Pierce, IFBV Pro, and I'm sure Olympia champion. That's not me. Good to see you again third week in a row of math. You'd be seeking me by now. No, no, I'm not. I like you a lot. And the sort of the audience, holy shit. You got to feed by ego, though, man. You can keep quiet a week. You got to tell me about this. What's the audience? I'm happy. Couldn't hear that. Well, if you check out the comment section on the video, people are just ranting and raving about how much they like you. And you're doing very, very good as far as viewers. But we're going to have to be very, very good. And we're going to have to be very good as far as viewership, relative to other guests. I don't just had this much positive view since the Dr. Dean Conversation. No way. But also. Yeah. And we get back about it. We really didn't focus a lot on steroids last up the So either. We've focused on training. So, you know, because of how hyper focus this culture is on drugs and how under focus they are, I'm training in nutrition. The algorithm doesn't promote anything that isn't drug content. So if they're passive learners and they let YouTube tell them what to watch, all they get fed is steroid content. They never see any of the other videos that I put out. But if there's someone who actually goes to the channel, looks, they'll see that 4 to 10% of the videos are steroid videos. The majority of the videos are training videos or body building or psychology or medicine that the steroid videos. I just stop making them. I've just got so sick of people, pigeonholing me and some steroid thing. So the reels on Instagram, those tend to be more steroid commercials. But when it comes to the YouTube videos, I wanted this to be more of a body build channel. It always was supposed to be a body build channel. Man, I'll tell you one thing right now, right? Before we get into nutrition. I've got a lot of traction through talking about drugs. And being honest, I think I said this in the first episode of us actually. And people come to me thinking, I'm this like wizard, we're talking about gear. But the thing is, I'm just open about it. It doesn't mean I'm a wizard. I've just had a lot of experiences with it. I've done my own part of research. I've worked with very, very good record, record, record coaches that have taught me. Now, this is why I talk about what I talk about. So we're getting good news for this. I hope this gets through their fucking fixed stocks. Because the reason why I talk so much about it, I'm so open about it, is because people look at either of the pros, especially the gym. Whatever I have the priorities for me, it's because these guys, classical music guys are especially an open-pro-body. And they will look at them and say, oh, you know, they've got something. They've got some sort of secret. They have some sort of secret they just have to. When reality is secret with the gear type stuff, which is not a secret, it's, I think it's only 10% of it. I think 10% of it because it's so important to get in nutrition training and work coverage. Why I'm so open and bad what I talk about is for the simple fact, why not call someone a fucking idiot because they're 16 years old coming to me, saying they're going to run trends for the first time most grown stuff. I openly say, like, you're a fucking idiot, you're a dead set fucking idiot. And you should be doing more research about it. You shouldn't be going to your own either stuff. And not just 16 years old, I'm talking guys, I had a guy come to me when I first got to buy. And he was telling me, is all my last career just holding out of me. I just know that I've got to be taking more stuff or running. He's telling me what he's running. And I'm like, dude, that's a pretty heavy cycle. That's a pretty experienced, like, real, that's more than what I'd say. And I come back to him and he wants to come on board everything like that. I'm like, okay, well, you know, this is what we're going to start off with, et cetera, et cetera. He didn't even know how to mix the, he didn't know how to, if I said, you know, say children milligrams of this or children mcg of this, he didn't know how to pull that out. He didn't know how to, you know, if you were to mix the water in like the ratio, simple maths, you learn and fucking great eight grade nine. To figure out, you know, how to work those notes. And I'm sitting there thinking like, you want to be blasting all this shit. And the thing is, it's also not you could just be bad of maths and whatever. But I'm going to go out there in a student straight away that if you aren't experienced or educated enough to know that you haven't done any research anywhere else. It makes me question what you're doing with your dosaging, it makes me question what you're doing with the nutrition training and everything else because you're so caught up on this big secret that I can be frozen and coaching your roots or your field doc, this things like that that it holding out on this this hidden secret. And the reason why I'm really transparent about what I do instead of simple fact that people look at me and they go, well, he's probably not lying because he's open enough to be talking about this, that or whatever. When I come back and say, look, you don't need a thousand megs of tests to start like you start on two tricky, maybe we micro dose of that way across the week, like there will be more than enough than just jumping straight to without it. I just give this to you, you're an example. I just want to share the girl listening to me because I know behind behind my back, behind your back or whoever else in my bed, they're going to be thinking, yeah, not he really does this, so he really gives people that or he really close to him, we get talk you guys will not do anything else, which is just fucking bullshit. Yeah, I get the most common questions I get from people that it's a fuck out of me as how much water do I put in my GH bottle. So if there's 18 units in the bottle and your dose is two a day, this doesn't matter how much water you pull it, put in, it just matters that you take out one ninth of the amount that you put in, there have no idea what I just said. No idea, they just have no brain, they can't think, they're just brain dead. And number two is, I see your videos about master on, I want to try it, so they completely misunderstood the point that once you've mastered testosterone and growth hormone and you can't use anymore because you're there's going to you're actually threshold of abuse. You use master on which is not better than test, it just has no side effects, so it's an adjunct to the test and that they just and they don't, I have like a required reading where every patient has to watch these five or six videos. And zero point zero percent of the people understand a fucking thing that's in them even though it's in simple plain English is not complicated at all. And it's just that you's drug addicts, they're just drug addicts even if they've never used steroids before they've got this drug addict mindset where they want to use drugs to solve their problems. It's insane how it's all in the country. It's every day. It's always going to be the same case though. When I was natural competing is a natural, I know you're really taking gear, I know you're really doing this. Well, and in my head, I was always like y'all showed them the day I started taking gear because they got a seat and then the students don't take them gear, it's a bit takes as much as you're going to die 30. You know, you know, you never going to win. So yeah, it is drug addict mentality. I think it's more of a alcoholic morbidic mentality because thumb consciously thumb consciously they can't actually feather that the boring hard work is 90% of them. They have to shoot their and go, okay, well, you know, Ronnie Coleman, I know he was doing, you know, 150 mugs of dynamo day a thousand mugs of test a day and whatever the fuck up. Whatever the fuck up whatever the use. And unfortunately, that's the only reasoning they can kind of have because they can sleep at night saying, okay. They can only get there that method because they're never going to do the work themselves. It's the same thing I can see someone driving down the street in the Lamborghini. First, those types of people will say, are they lucky or they're a drug dealer or that they had a trust on Keto? What are you saying? Yeah, it's never. They're rich because they're hard working and so is either because family money or their dishonest. So there's the same just same thing again, you know, they it's like one safe for you that out and they can sleep at night knowing that that's the real secret. It's like, that's what I tell people I'm like, oh, I've done super shit. I've done my first year as an item be amateur. I was told by my coach back then to be running 300 megawakes of trend and I slowly bumped it up right up to 700 and even did a thousand for two weeks. And I just tell people I'm like, I've done it. I've done the stupid shit before the uneducated stuff before and I'll tell you right now, it doesn't do anything extra. You know, it doesn't do it. Yeah, so people think that all these extra drugs or whatever it is, that's going to get you out of the line like I've done it. But I'm showing you right now like missing a meal. But like and people's I'll just want meal. It's like he wouldn't miss a shot. You know, missing a meal to me is like, leave worse fucking thing you can do when it comes to any kind of progression with this. Any kind of progression whether you're preparing to reshare or deepen the obsesive, you know, prioritizing sleep like you do. If you're averaging like an hour's less sleep and not because you're working up whatever it is, like it's going to make huge implications to your physique like I've seen it like just just even me being in divide here just having a better routine here than being back home and gym. You know, everything running around back in my home town. I'm sleeping better here. It's like my my physique's changing like crazy. Sure. Like, you know, it's the gear's more accessible to you. Because the main that it's like, night and day better. I mean, you you've had these talks on your reals before you know that pharmaceutical verse. Good underground stuff, you know, so is a people just to see a noise in the body and I think it's probably smashing all the mad gear. It's like, no, it's just it just gets my door set faster. Just gets delivered, which is really convenient. But really like it's more so you just look at the lifestyle factors. Now I actually just living as a pro body would aware I eat sleep train work from home. And that's what was sudden one of my physical and crazy. It's even like the same thing they go up. Are you using a Milana tan too, like I'm talking about, you know, some sort of steroid in my real or whatever it is using a Lantern two. It's like, well, device 42 degrees year round. So I probably got a bit of a tan on, but I was like, again, they can't tell them that it's just like a natural cause, you know, or whatever hard work it is, it's always going to be there's got to be something else there as to why this person is progressing, why to have the Lantern Gaining. Why this dude has a tan or he's just looking better all of the segments always going to be that hidden fucking secret that we don't know about. Yeah, I have this one drug addict could just call me the other day and he was like, I've lost seven pounds this week. But I'm starting to get a little weaker should be increased my dosage. This is after it took like a he was just going through the sting where he didn't believe me and he was taking more drugs than I was telling the take. And then he was having panic attacks about his cholesterol. So he doesn't listen at all and he's his nervous wreck. And I'm just like, well, they're fucker. You just need more calories. And then he's like, what was like the answer is never more drugs. You're just trying to lose body fat the answer is never more drugs. You're not even talking about fat loss drugs. You're just seven pounds in a week is insane. Two pounds in a week is insane. But seven pounds in a week is insane. You're losing weight too fast. We got it slow with down by giving him more calories. And it's like he's not a stupid guy. He's a multi multi multi millionaire. But every one's got a drug addict mentality. And it's, and I'm not going to blame society. I think people need to be accountable for their own thinking that this idea that if you have a tan you must be on Melano tan. Even if you were a Melano tan, you'd be also being exposed to ultraviolet beams in order to make the other. So it all they are saying is I'm a complete fucking retard drug addict by when they ask those questions. They don't know how much they tell you about them with their questions. Exactly. It's hard to talk about. Yeah. You're excited. Yeah. The smartest people are the ones who don't talk. They just listen. And so the more people ask questions, the more they let you know how dumb they are. Like I just saw your video that you were saying that you can put the mask and the task and the same syringe. Should I, is that true? It's like, no, I made a video where I was fucking lying. And they're like, well, you don't have to be such a smart ass. Like you don't have to be such a dumb ass. Well, it's a fuck. What I make a video. I get people come on law videos, Todd, and they're sitting there and they're saying, you're wrong. You're this. You're full of shit. Bob, Bob, Bob, and I just, I don't even, I used to go. I kind of take the piss out of them to get more comments coming back. They wouldn't realize I'm only replying to them just to get. Is it more you comment obviously at least the post? Yeah. But there's just something that's well. I don't really do engage. It's not. It's not. It's not. So, I need you for for me anymore. So I just sit there. And if you ever see comments, so if you're self or if you see like the viewers watching this, if you see comments from me, and I'm like, yeah, I'm wrong. You're actually completely right. That's just me. They are just replying back to them and just like, you're not even worse. That's just sitting the way. So I just let them have it. I'm like, yeah, you're right. I'm completely wrong. I look, I don't know. I just talk shit. It's like, it sounds like you're using short esters. Like the short, like the boss you wrote to school on. You know, I'll just crash people. Because I want them to blow up and get mad and start trying to fight with me because it just drives up the comments. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And be like, oh, that's rage, break blah, blah, blah, blah. It's like, I don't clip and edit the shit, man. I just shoot it and then if if kind of decides to clip it up, so it's provocative. And then it pisses off a bunch of bitches. And then they bitch and complain in the comments section and all these fights break out. It just makes engagement go up. And it's not that that's not my goal. My goal is to educate. But if someone doesn't want to learn, they want to watch a video says, put GH and test in the same syringe and inject it in the muscle. And then like, I thought you can't mix toast and oil and water. And then that's in there 30 times. I'm not going to entertain that shit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I just did a video explaining what to do. And like, let the blue car is made with blue paint. I thought blue cars were made with red paint. Like, I don't need to say no, they're not. They're made with blue paint. Yeah, you're gonna have it still, that's just ridiculous. It's incredible. I'll stupid people are with their questions. So do you have a question? Would you have your dreams? If you have a backpack on this, going into an nutrition partner. Because how I, how I work nutrition with my clients on myself. One thing I'm really big on is in the off-season, keeping me. I think the day is that bulky is gone. I, I just as seen useful with it. I think you produce potential metapoddy fat. Your insulin sensitivity is ruined. And I really think insulin sensitivity, we can, we can dive into that. But I think insulin sensitivity is probably the most important thing when it comes to losing fat or putting on muscles. Like, that's just one thing I just stand by. But staying lean and progressively, what my method is this, whenever someone comes to me, I put them on a cut straight away. Where they want to put on muscle all this body fat. They say we want them growing muscle in the off-season. You know, I'll say, I'll say, look, well, we're not really doing an off-season or preseason. We're going to continuously grow muscle in a lean fashion. I don't want you to hear me saying, well, what are we going to do in eight weeks time? What are we going to do the same fucking thing? This is what we do. We go to initial cut firms really hard for weeks just to get the body moving. Get it, you have weighted it up a little bit because you're not going to be in the condition that I want you to be in anyway. Unless you come out of a show, you know, but just to argument say. And then from there, it's really just beating the body as it progresses and performs better in the gym. That is one thing I just stand by. Like, so you just kind of keep that threshold of gradually increasing food. But as you're getting stronger because as strong a muscle like we spoke about, or progressive muscle is a bigger muscle now. If you're training better, your form is getting better. We spoke about as well different types of regression last week as far as, you know, I might get that a form that erupts. That a tempo, more frequency, whatever might be. That's still going to engage the higher up. So in reality, what's going to happen over time is that your maintenance is just going to keep, like maintenance is going to keep increasing over time. So you're going to keep matching the food over time. And to me, if you just look at it from an outside looking in, you have to be putting on muscle with that and it's going to be very high to put on body sign. So let me jump in there. It sounds like you watched Ella's opinion about maintenance calories that me and Ella did a video called Autopsy Balkan where she was getting so much flat because her definition of maintenance is your body fat doesn't decrease your increase. Your weight can increase, but your body fat doesn't increase. That's it. Yeah, I did say I actually did say that. Yeah. Yeah. And so it sounds like that's what we do. And then I've always felt that you should cut someone first so you can resensitite. Because I have to assume everyone comes to me eating like an asshole because most regular people, they do everything are on. So if you, you know, you put them on a small mate deficit. Get them start doing some cardio, try to get the cholesterol under control. Because they're like, I want to use anivar. I want to use master on. It's like, yeah, but you've got a cholesterol. You can't. You're not healthy. You're not healthy enough to do steroids. So we're going to do HRT and have you become physically healthy and fit and then we'll re evaluate the steroids. And so once they get lean enough and their blood works good enough, they're like, all right, I want to change directions right, Balkan. But we don't ball. We put on muscle. Balkan means intentionally gaining fat in the tip to get muscle. You're using your grenade in the house's rescue situation. We use sniper rifles. It's like, and then they're like, oh, how much gear can I throw at this? It's like, you don't need any gear. Because you haven't failed to grow muscle. The algorithm is if you're sleeping enough, if you're eating enough, if you're training correctly, and you're not growing muscle, that's when we increase a by a tiny amount, like either 10th, or 20th, or 20 master on per day. And then after, and then the window like, well, up again, it's like you might never go up again. It might be enough steroids for you to grow for the next 10 years. Using more drugs does not mean more muscle. No, it's training stimulus, assuming you're at least maintenance calories to grow muscle. I think that's a really, I think that's a really wide of food. The, the maintenance is always keeping in check. With your body fat, I think that's a really good way to put it. And in reality, I was, every, everyone who come back now, and buy back and say, I get, I still get it now. I still think I go to do a bowl, or when should I do my next bowl, or it's like the word itself, I can't stand it. But then the other thing too is I see in the social media world, okay, I'm doing a build phase, a bulk phase, a game phase, a mass building, it's like, stop with the fucking names. I stop with the names, like they all mean the same shit to me, right? It's, it's so simple, like you just train harder every week. You recover harder every week. And you eat harder if you have to. Every week in accordance to what your body's giving you back. And it's, it's so fucking simple, but the thing is like boring works, you're like we talk back in business, right? It's successful business. They find a formula and they just repeat the process. And this is one of those things where people say to me, you're, you know, offseason, the hardest thing or, or, you know, away from shows, the hardest thing. It's like, I think it's fucking easy. Like, I think prepping for shows when you hungry and depleted and things like that is really hard. If you're good in the offseason with very good insulin sensitivity, you got a good routine, good sleep, you hitting a cardio and obviously training for the roof. It's fucking fun. I don't have this, like people say, how do you walk around now between 135, 140, so let's have 300 to 310 pounds. How do you walk around? It's like, I'm sweet. Like, you guys are seeing three weeks or I'm not out of fucking breath. I'm not sitting there with the suggestion while I'm talking here back to back. Like, it's, I never have a problem with anything. Like, I don't know, nor, you know, I still, I've actually had enough to just see that anymore. I just use a mouth tape and all my numbers come back from my sleep reading really, really well. So, you know, like, it's, it's actually so much fun. I'm like, look, I'm like, I actually really don't have a stretch for a while because everything's so good. It's like, it's like me being 17 again, when I first saw me step into a gym and you're training just for a lot of the off the school, just eating and training and enjoying the whole process. Yeah, that's what it feels like right now. It's like, why, why shouldn't you feel like that in an off season? So, you sound like you've got the off season perfect if you're able to grow and not blow out your insulin resistance. Now, according to what Snitch was telling me is that when you leverage insulin, whether you're using excessive carbs or injectable insulin, you're also going to develop intermuscular triglyceride. And that intermuscular triglyceride causes inflammation and the inflammation damages insulin resistance. I mean, it causes insulin resistance. So, in other words, impatience to get the most out of insulin and is up shortening the window that you can grow muscle without having to do a mini cut to get rid of the intermuscular triglycerides and re-sensitize yourself to insulin. So, theoretically, you would eat just enough food to be in a slight surplus or maintenance of body fat percentage. Your weight's going up, but your body fat is not. And of course, the numbers in your lockbook are going up because if you're gaining weight and you're not getting stronger, it's fat. If you're gaining weight and you're getting stronger, it's muscle. If you're losing weight and you're getting stronger, you're gaining muscle and losing fat in theory. And I think your point was the reason why the term bulk and stupid is that your goal should be to get build muscle, the entire fucking year. You should be in this, maybe if your maintenance calories is 4000, you should probably be 40, 100, 9 months a year. And then you should be at 3500 for 4 months of a year or something like that. Before you step on this, you should be in a very, you never got fat in the first place, so your prep should be so mild. Even though you're only 500 calorie deficit, you're able to grow muscle because if you don't take those calories away from your food, you're taking the calories away from your fat, the acardio. Then if just adding cardio and using drugs to leverage fat as a fuel source over muscle, like GH, Kwan, MOTC, SLU, Alcarnishing, using those fat-wast drugs before your fast cardio, even if your calories don't really come down, you can dig into your body fat and still progress in the gym. Is that what you were basically saying about the phases, don't make sense? Exactly that. Exactly that. Because, how can I put it? It's like the same thing with what you're doing, you're doing cardio on the offseason. Why would you be doing cardio on the offseason? It's like, what the fuck would you want? You know, like, so you, this is where it's like starting to see when I work with my guys, or even with myself, you must be hard to eat, going into the market, it's so hard, like, you need to know more than the acon. Next question, how do you eat 7,000 calories? I'm like, oh, 7,000 calories. I'm fucking starving still. You know, like, 100 of my meal after we talk, you know, and people are asking, how are you doing it? I'm like, well, unfortunately, this is the other thing I'm not going to be belivering, because I've got brains these. So, I'm only going to eat foods that I respond to, which I've got a listing from the last six weeks. Now, what that does for me, Todd, is that can I guess the foods before we move on? Actually, I don't know. I hate to break out. I can, I want to guess the food you before we move on. What is a crones-friendly foods? I'm going to say rice, potatoes, chicken, fish, and maybe some type of easily they're just a vegetable vegetables. Maybe, like, I would say peas. Is it kidney? Is it kidney? Okay, is it kidney? So, I don't actually eat anything, I don't eat anything, it's kidney, the moment I'm just because I'm so high, that it's just, it's more like the volume. One thing I do preach, which I love, which works really well for my crones and a lot of guys I've got to choose, and they use pineapple and dates. So, dates, I'll be able to help everything push through and pineapple for digested purposes. Fresh pineapple, obviously. But that's, that's a really, really, on point, that's exactly the third's I eat. And I enjoy the third's I eat. Like, I really enjoy them. Because I've, I've always got a lot of salt, so I'll tell you where I can cook my meals, fresh, every meal. So, if you cook your meals, fresh, every meal, you're going to enjoy it. Really, I have to eat on meal. Can I, I hate to break your strad, I want to explain a couple things to the audience. So, the pineapple has a belief, a pain, which is digestive enzyme. See, they're bromolin, they're, it's, they're bromolin. And that'll help digest the protein from the chicken and the fish, although those are easily digestible. You probably stay away from beef because it's so hard at digest, you probably stay away from eggs and egg whites, because they can tend to be. Egg whites specifically can be very hard at digest without the yolk and the yolk provides probably too much fat. And then I wouldn't say that just quickly on that, when I actually chose headphones, I went down the carnival rat because I just, it was one of the things where they weren't selling too much. I'm going to, you like, a Munis suppressants and everything else, I'll need a jump on. So, I mean, you're kind of, I'm clutching assurances, I'm like, I just don't really know, so I kind of had a crack that, was it the carnival diet? No, it was the elimination method assigned with it. And then using the carnival diet, elimination method, the hybrid at both from there, because I was eating a lot of steak, what a beast me and so on eggs. And that was actually the start of my journey. And I felt a million times got a lean and everything like that, but obviously because the calories are lower, that's obviously why things are just quite well, which then I actually started meetings was chicken at fish, but here's the other thing too is that we, we tend to go for a centimeter per 18 in the body, you know, some people said two points for enhanced cost two point two and three, where I about four grams per kilogram. Which is, which is quite a fair amount. And four to, yes, sometimes even four point five, because just being bifes towards that from back in the day when I, when I, when I, I'll say fix myself three years ago, it was a remission. I've just always kept a higher protein amount in there. I have gone down the high carburet again, and I haven't ever really had a problem with it, but my body just does feel better on the higher amounts of protein. That doesn't mean I did it with every every client as such, but again using the pineapple is a big fact, because it's just helping digest the proteins as well. And the reason you include the dates is because on top of being like a big raising that's a ton of sugar, but it's fruit. You need to also are getting the potassium, so that if you're not using potatoes, if you're using just chicken and rice, then the dates being mixed in with the rice is something they do in the Middle East. And that it also is going to give you all the potassium you need, whereas if you're using potatoes, it's so filling it wouldn't be a good choice in the off season. Potatoes would be a better choice in contests prep because you get way more volume and potassium that way. So dates and rice and pineapple, probably while you're trying to grow. And then when you're trying to cut, you can drop that shit and just use potatoes to cut. That's exactly exactly exactly the switch I would you know. So yeah, always found as well using dates. We're really hoping like the healthy look of much tools as well. Whenever I keep dates, you know, I just want to just buy our movements or a little more consistent, you know, no, I want to be on podcast now talking about how I should look, but you know, we're going to be honest with our body, we all just have a G.I. problems and things like that. So they were two great additives that I kept in and I really do keep them in every meal. Obviously in a contest prep where calories are always strict as far as more switch than potatoes and exactly what you said, or be a data grade because yeah, they carved in. They taste good. They're like a caramel kind of taste, you know, so it's good to break up the meal as well as having pineapple, which is why I never really have a sweet to it. But again, when you're in the off season and we have. Last all events, we have Christmas birthdays. We have all these things where, you know, you know, say if I came to America, you wouldn't know it can't show up and dinner or whatever it is. Because I'm so strict in the off season, I enjoy my foods. If I did want a burger, which is very rarely because I just genuinely enjoy my foods. But if I did go have a burger because you have to do it, you just go try this burger place and you have to try it. I'm not sitting there the next day with a crying square up like it right now because I truly believe the people I've worked with have come to me for crying's obvious problems and what I kind of bullshit is for the soul reason that they're not saying can just in the first place. We can talk about stress as well because I think stress plays a huge part of it, but for the most part within nutrition. They're not consistent enough to them to be allowed to go out and eat for as they come and work them next day, you know, and she's pizza last night of what it is. I personally wouldn't need cheese pizza anyway, but like I can go out and have a sheet meal if I really want to. For example, when I see my door, you know, I like what I don't eat ice cream right I never read ice cream, but she's when she says that he can get it ice cream with me. And when you get fuck you, I'll get it. Why not? I have the ice cream. It's it's dairy right. You know, I said you think that I've said my god heavily as sugar and a lot. I'm typically strong. But I'm perfectly fine. You know, so I'll take it with dinner and she like when we when we drive down to see my parents every year for Christmas we do the road trip because I take with me it's a 14 hour drive. We've very good to have a couple of days and it's always me I make dollars we stop there on the way someone else got an idea of a result. I never fucking even don't just know my thing I just had to want to hear that just something. But every year it's like I just know like the point I stop off so I'll stop in. I'll get a cheese burger. I'm a chicken burger fries and a coat and joy because just once I've ever read it. It's bonding time with my daughter because she likes to have a happy meal. She doesn't eat a McDonald's either. Same when she's with her mother and she has really loved McDonald's. But we just kind of sit there have almost sitting there on a drive after going. We shouldn't have that like everyone else because even normal person with that coronavirus or I be yes. They're sitting there afterwards and they're saying oh I eat McDonald's right it's like you eat it a few times a week and you go have you know high on the other end and you have Terry Ark you give it. It's like not to say these fruits are overly bad but just because you call that clean. It doesn't mean it's not going to upset things in the future you know it's always say like the consistency is always going to be best and the more consistent you are. The more freedom you have when it comes to those kind of things where christian stay terms. Whatever the fuck you want. Don't fall you don't hold it if you want to have christian stay off and you want to eat you talk with her breakfast and talk with this for the lunch and whatever it is you have a few drinks. A guarantee if you're sitting there. Get around following it when it comes to these events which you can get the energy and enjoy you're not making these sacrifices like everyone else is the boy as the body would like oh you know you're going to miss out on so much as the body would do. Do you go well to discipline in the sacrifice and what's fucking sacrifice or sacrifice or sacrifice shit you know it's it doesn't happen to me that why I. So I've got some I want to contribute to this so like. The idea that Christmas and things giving have to be catastrophic is ridiculous because you got potatoes and turkey. Yeah, yeah, and then the of what the fuck that's what you normally and then Christmas you have a ham and potatoes. So you have mashed potatoes and ham on one holiday and then you have mashed potatoes and turkey on the other holiday. How is this that fucking heart so your mom put some sour cream and butter in the mess. Yeah, I'm all fucking well and it's like you put a table spoon don't put a fucking gallon put a table spoon of gravy on the mashed potatoes and the turkey if it's dried. Or get the dark meat turkey and then you don't have to use the gravy as far as the ham the ham is delicious and juice you don't have to put shit on the ham. Oh, you want to put some cranberry sauce in the ham. Fine. It's like a fucking table. Oh, yeah, man. It's not going to be that we're talking to actually 200 to maybe 300 calories to that meal compared to your mother meals. It's just such a fucking stupid idea that you will like put there's cookies. So I don't eat the cookies. If you sit down at the table with your family and you're eating mashed potatoes and turkey. And no one's going to notice you're not eating the cake and the bullshit. It's when you bring out Tupperware and you make them uncomfortable and they want to lash out at you because you make them feel like a fat ass. And then the whole conversation is how everyone wants to lose weight and it rooms the mood. And then they remember you made them feel bad even though you're open your fucking mouth. You're just eating. And if you just blend in, you get the same plate and you just put healthy choices on the table. You just eat a thing. You just sit there. How would you know, right? If I sat there and I just had this because I eat three plates worth of fucking food for the normal person. Anyway, right? So I eat my normal three plates. Like just for us, I take one with you. I salmon rice dates and fucking pineapple. It would be three. Well, a normal person would eat would feed three fucking three people. So why do you want just normal meal and so I go to the bed. I've sit there and I just go, I'm good. I'm full. You so how much I am fucked. They're going to go, oh yeah, fuck. You're so good. You know, like then the, they're not going to come back and question anything. You know what I do is I make, I make sure to cut off a whole leg of the turkey. So I get the thigh and the leg. So I take half the dark meat. Yep. And then everyone's resentful because I took what they wanted. They're so mad at me for I was like, oh, that's good. I thought you didn't know. I thought you wanted me to eat what you guys eat. Yeah. And they're like, well, well, you can't have it both ways. Yeah. Can't have me eat what you guys are eating. And then you get pissed about how the fact of I eat more than all of you. But he's a thing to eat. Like I've said to people too, like I've said, if you're really worried about it, you know, you say you want to have you meal one and you're stressing about it. You know, I just miss meal two and then have lunch and come on to that way. Like it's it's not a huge deal. And as I said, if you're following stuff here around like even in a prep, like I've had people with a getting ready for season A and that's, you know, they ten weeks or eight weeks away from the show, you should be well prepared anyway. You know, if you're sitting there and like one one meal is going to fuck you. It's like, well, clearly we're not in a good spot in the first place. And you shouldn't be doing a shot. And last it destroys digestion. Like for example, with your McDonald's comment, Colton looks figured out that McDonald's, you can smash McDonald's and be hungry two hours later. But if you eat Burger King, you're trashed for hours. And one of your fellow, obviously, you know, a countrymen, Nick, he was like, he said they used different oils at Burger King. And I looked at the menu and like, yeah, everything, everything at Burger King is twice the fat of what it is in McDonald's. Yeah, McDonald's, whimmy more, more processed. But it tastes better than Burger King. And you can get through a meal. Oh, hold on. You're right. Yeah, you can get through to that break up my sounded all of you. You can sound a lot of you. Not an eye, you're good. I mean, so even though my phones aren't doing that just stir, but for some reason, that went through to my watch. It's all right. So what I'm saying is you can eat McDonald's and it doesn't fuck up your whole day, whereas if you Burger King and fucks up the whole day. And it's, by the way, I'll see the Burger comment. If you came to Detroit, there's a place called Red Coat Tavern, which is a theme type restaurant. It's like really old like 67 years old based on the concept in like the 1700s, the British, where basically would wear red coats. So American Revolutionary, it's like underground seller and like the idea, the theme is like you're like plotting to defeat the English. And so like every the tables look like they're from the 17th century, the menus look like they're from the 17th century. And they have these burgers that are called red coat burgers. And they've been the best burgers in Detroit for like 50 years, but they have P-bot beef. So the whole half-pom burgers only like two grams of fat. Oh, beautiful. Yeah, it's late. And they got so many different add-ons you can put on them. But the way that normally comes is just lettuce, mayonnaise, beef and the bread with true stomatos slices. And I put some ketchup on that and honestly the macros for that are like 50, 50, 10. So even on prep right now, if I wanted to, I could drive across the street and get a red coat burger. And it'd be no different than one of my normal meals. I just don't do it because my body doesn't have just beef nearly as well as it does. Yeah, yeah, of course. And I don't want to fuck up my digestion because people don't think about that. It's not about the discomfort of defecating or it being messy. It's that like you said, the form of feces dictates how you digested that meal and also the trauma you did to the intestinal villi to, you know, like if you're not up to zorbing that food, you fucked up your villi. Which means the next meal is not going to absorb right and the next meal is not going to absorb right. You see the lot of damage. So I found, I was going through my taxes. They said I'm doing my taxes. I'm going through my bank records, looking at everything I ate because it's all on there. And the things that I frequently would get would be Persian food. I would get lamb and rice. That's a cheat meal. I would get. Pads to you, which is rice noodles with beef or pork and a sweet soy sauce. I usually get light oil and it's got one egg in there. And so it's like 100 grams of carbs, 50 grams of protein, like 15 grams of fat. That's a cheat meal. And then also I go to hungry hollies, which is a pizza place. And I would get the light sauce, light cheese. And the whole pizza only has like 50 grams of fat when you do it that way. So he's just right apple and bacon on him. Yeah, so I'm looking at my cheat meals and they're not that bad. The only flaw with them is that one of them has gluten. He's a sugar, right? When it comes to a cheat meal, just another hack. For the viewer. And you just gave it away. If I was an old person, like a family member come to seed tub. I'm in town. I'm in Detroit. Yeah, let's go somewhere, right? They're just going to actually catch up with you and see you because they're in Detroit. And they might be coming from down south or whatever. Those not so much about our content because they're going to stay in my diet. It's like, should I have them seeing this person in three years? You know, I'm really going to see them. I can't have my misses. Choose a place that you know and trust because really it's more about the social aspect of things. When you go and have these cheat meals, it's not about the cheat meal itself. Like when you go somewhere, you know, no one, I don't think anyone truly wants to eat a fucking three-pattery burry with fucking cheese. And it's just all stop and off from like you can't eat anything. Yeah, some people like it, you know, whatever. But you know what I mean? Like most people I know don't. So it's more about just catching up in a social setting. Like, like, half the half thing you said about that burger place was the actual setup itself. So a lot of go there about where this cool history, you know, like you can eat the experience of being here. That this is cool man. Like, you know, the burger itself is typically in a burger. I like I like it done well done perfect and just basic and simple. But for me, I was actually more drawn in by like, oh, yeah, I'm going to be cool if we caught up and I want to try and show you this place. You know, me, like, so when you when people get over the top with this whole missing out or I am sorry, I'm going to sacrifice this. I'm going to miss out on that. It's like, man, like, if you are a little, if we get back to the original, if you are following your so called build face, blocking face properly. And you were well ahead in your preparations for shows. Those things should never detriment your progress. Right. And like we we got this there's this thing called Troy style pizza. We didn't know it was called Troy style pizza until recently. It was just deep dish. There is Chicago deep dish and then there's just deep dish and then Detroit, our deep dish is square. It's not round. Okay. It's not like a pie like Chicago deep dish. It's just it's a square pizza with really thick crust. And then it's got cheese and then it's got the sauce on top. And the first place it did this was called buddys pizza. So it's a cheating here in Detroit. So when I got someone from a town, if they've never had Detroit style pizza or they liked Detroit style pizza, they've never had an actual body. And then I'll take them to bodies. And there's a way of ordering it so that it's not going to crush anyone's diet. If you just get four pieces and you get the low fat cheese and you're it's not catastrophic. Like I can manage because I know almost I could make anything that someone's macrosing. Even when you eat sushi like I know one piece of nigiri that's tuna is going to be 3.5 grams of protein 5 grams of carbs zero fat. Now if we got one piece of nigiri that was salmon that'd be 3.4 grams of protein two or three grams of fat and five carbs. So based on how much macros they have to work with like if I'm taking a girl out to eat and I'm also the one who wrote a diet. And I know that she's allowed 30, 40, 10, then I would know what because she most girls would just order a dragon roll and they have no fucking idea what's in it. You can do it this way and we'll order it just right so that you got maybe eight pieces of nigiri and a roll. That's maybe too much that would be 60 grams of carbs. But nonetheless like you can match it to their macros and without being controlling like a people are like, oh you like four-sh girls do you clean when you take him on on dates. It's like no but a lot of people are afraid to eat out because they don't know how and have it still their macros and not fuck up your digestion. So like or like if you're actually with a client and then you hit the gym like it's just as a social like you want to meet this person in person they're local. You're like hey let's work out you work out you want to go get some sushi and they're like well, well it fit my diet. I'm like I'm making Fitchy diet and I'll order them exactly what it is that fits their diet that way. And that to me is a valuable skill that most people don't have. We used to have it 15 years ago, but now that there's so much apps and food calculators and meal prep companies and bars that have this much. That much that people that become so reliant on being consumers they're too passive when it comes to their own nutrition. So they don't know how to actually look at a plate of food and calculate macros. So there's something we used to be able to do. Let's go on the reverse now. There's going to be one on the opposite ends. You have people that take advantage of what you just said and they abuse that power which turns into the. If it fits your macros. So they will continue to change their diet every single day because they want to feed cake in one day and a crescent the next. And you know what's the fun talk. The clients I've had for this actually majority nutrition and diet to shoot. I know they they come to me and they work like, oh, I did this. So I just did that. I'm like. Are you you fucking kidding me like to me. I've said this in many times consistency. But you work those things for example you're traveling for your show is told right. You know, you get a flat tire between between cities and you're at a gas station. You're going to have to do that. You're in prep to fucking bad. You're meals are going to stay on the back. You're going to have to have and work something from the gas station. Hopefully, you know, you got to do what you're doing. But you don't stop growing a gas station there to fill up and you're like, oh, you know what I'm kind of hungry. I'm not just, you know, see what I'm looking back at this. Yeah, I can shoot that into my macros like to. I can see that it's like, I think it's actually creating file. It's disciplined and creating more of a food disorder because it's allowing you to reason with eating poor quality food. Well, I think we got to talk about the population you mentioned in my experience. Most registered dietitians are of these women who are food addicts and they went into dietetics because they thought they could figure out a better way than eat and be less fat and they succeed their less fat. But the thing is, the problem with if it fits your macros is if you don't have an actual clean food menu, it doesn't work. You can't be including gluten and dairy and sugar and digesting that man-made shit. And I know people like, but you brought up pizza. Yeah, maybe once I think I ate at buddies pizza once last year. And that was because Ryan Reep was in front interview. Yeah, Dave. And he'd never had to try to tell us pizza. That's it. That was one day. Now the rest, I'm like, you said you had hungry how is I'm like, I for some reason could I just that pizza very well. Once I stopped being able to digest it, I pulled it. And I stuck with the lamb and rice is a cheat meal or the Thai food is a cheat meal for the rest of the year. And that's it. I'd say the dairy and the gluten is in a was something that is a mistake. But at least with that restaurant, I know exactly what the macros are. And I can plan accordingly for the rest of the day around that. Now the menu, the actual ingredients are to contraband ingredients. They're going to fuck up your digestion for a while. And I'm not saying you should do that. But I'm saying that if you were going to have to do that, then at least having these, your favorite foods, you should know what least what their macros are. You can plan around that. Completely agree. Yeah, completely agree. And you're lucky said, the other way, willing, right? That that had become less fat. And they come back and argue that with with which me kind of sit there. I'm like man, like you're not doing yourself any favors because they actually still have a binge on their plans playing for a family. And that'll be offseason or pre-contest. But again, if you were, if you were building your physique, male or female. And the males and females are worked with it by top end clients I would show. They're reading so much for the evidence of the food they enjoy. They don't want to veer off their diet because if I actually wouldn't have a cheat meal top, it probably wouldn't be enough calorie anyway to substitute the amount of food I would have to eat. So that's why I like when people say, I do eat plain plain. I'm like, I'm not for a little bit of nando's, nando sauce on it. And I think too spicy because that aggravates or time to bite with you sauce or something like that. But again, too much sauce, too much eating out, too much inconsistent. I can't eat that much food. So if I said to cook, I have 450 grams of chicken thigh. I have 150 grams of raw weight of rice. 150 grams of pineapple and 50 grams of dates in a meal. That was the meal I just had before. Now, to match that protein wise at a restaurant, it couldn't do it. It might not be very expensive. It's true. I can't physically eat that much because it's as we say, it's cooked different. It's sort of they use it. It's tasty. It's beautiful. You get to your half, but you're like, man, I'm I'm dumb. Like I try to eat any more necessarily. I'm actually missing out on quality foods and quality calories if I was to go out and eat to fit my macaroons on a daily basis. I found that like, if you go to a Korean barbecue, we got all you can eat Korean barbecue here. Yep. It's almost impossible to get enough food in the only way for me to get enough food in a school to assist you buffet. And then I can slam that stuff as long as I stay away from the fat containing fish. Once I've had enough protein and carbs, now I can start having the unackey, which is the barbecue eel, as like a dessert. And then as soon as the fat hits your stomach, then boom, your pyloric spink through your slam shut and your stomach's done. So I always stay away. If I'm trying to eat as much as possible to get at a restaurant, get in enough food. I pretty much have to go to a buffet and stick to something like sushi because it's just white rice with sugar in it. And then you've got the salt, he soy sauce, you've got the sweet and the salt. It's hyper palatable, which will keep you eating even if you're full. And then the fish dig just so fast that it's not going to sleep on it. And then as soon as any fat hits your stomach, boom, the pyloric spink through your slam shut and you're done eating that meal. That's probably why. I'll say limit, you'll live in Rossville. I'll show up on that quite quickly because slam your limbs a fatty of meat. It's exactly six to eight ounces of lamb and it's hard to get through that. But I could easily slam 12 ounces of chicken and rice. Yeah, no problem. Yeah. Which is why it's a great sheet meal is because it's self-limited. Same thing like if I got like there's this place called happy pizza, happy pizza. They don't have very good pizza. Another Detroit business, but they've got incredible ribs and wings. So like six ribs and six wings is a hundred grams of protein, a hundred grams of fat and only like a 50 carbs. Yeah. It's impossible for me to get through that. Yeah, you wouldn't go to get into it. It's impossible. You know, it's too much. I can do maybe three ribs and two or three wings. Then six that hours later when I'm done burping it up, I can have the other three ribs and the other six wings. Yeah. So this sheet meal takes about nine hours out of my day. Yeah. So on a sheet at a day that I have to cheat me, like at less food in than on a regular day. So my performance and digestion are bad the next day. So what's your opinion on this then? Because I haven't had another church doing this with me. And funny enough, it works. This actually works when I was working with Chris and Cito because working with the guy like John, he likes to keep things clean, everything like that. So which I'm on the same too. The one thing with Chris and Cito, we should probably familiar with is that when I was getting ready with shows with him, I would get condition quite early. And we'd go through like three days. But the referee days for me in clean food, I find especially when you're in a prep and you're preparing through and whatever. Sometimes actually my body works faster and I'm just like eating clean rice whatever. And it's funny because he would say to me, look, you've got to get a two burgers and fries, get a coke, just eat, you got to have it to take after that. Or might do it not doing that. We would like by heads and it's like the opposite, you know, you usually say like you're crying, you would say, I know you're cheating on your diet, you're fat fuck, you know, it was the opposite of me, he's like, you got to get to eat this and I'm like, no, I don't just have like, Ross is a nail, you got to get to this you're moving to quick. But funny enough. Funny enough. It was true especially towards the end when I was moving so quick, like I touched down the US. 10 days before the show. Seven days before the show. And I was eating all my meals and having some sort of like, I hope meal or something real heavy based once or twice a day. And my body was just, I was just, I'm talking churning through. I mean, I remember we'll backstage it was like, I told you this on the first episode, I think. How, you know, I was one of those pure guys that show and and two came up to me big studio and he's just like man like you're fucking peeled, you know, and it was cool man because I hear him was looking at that way where, you know, I was tall guy. Obviously being told how to fill up at least have the commission there was really cool to kind of see that but I still flat like they put the spray 10 on me. And she should do the 10 and it's just like, oh, do you want to go again and I think the other guys are waiting to dry off and I'm like, oh, I'll go again. I don't know 10 was perfect, right? But that's how dry and depleted or was, you know, and my body was moving that quick. They're even with all that heavy dance and all the fruits I preach against. And my body just soaked it up and, you know, if I was eating clean fruits, I would have just wasted the way. So it's a very interesting way to do things, especially in his regard because it's very unaltyed. And I'm not sure if he's going to do anything else that works, it's not something I really preach to my clients. It's not something I typically enjoyed as such. Not because it didn't work just more for the mental aspect, you know, how we, you know, we teach ourselves things and whatever it is, I like to eat clean. I feel better eating clean and blah, blah, blah. But you know, you're a trusted process for your courage and obviously Chris, you know, by the best courage in the world ever. I'm going to, I'm going to listen to him. And the certain extent, it really did work, you know, so. Have you ever experienced something like that or like what's what's your opinion on something like that? My body never really agreed with. Ship loading. I've never worked with the coach long enough to find the perfect ship loading, but I've worked with athletes. And I found like like Karina for her first show. Her getting the bonsai burger at Red Robbins with two orders of fries and a half a cookie was exactly what she needed to peak perfect the next day. You know why I don't know. I had it depleted as fuck for a while, but it worked perfect. That was the, we've tried out several different sheet meals as a way of loading before the day before and that worked out perfect. Now with clients. Unless you're sitting there with them at the restaurant, you can't make sure that they stick to that because once you light that fire, they might just keep eating. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You're not going to pull the other half of the cookie away from them. They're going to eat the whole cookie or they're going to get three orders of fries. You know, I mean, so that doesn't work with people if you don't have direct physical control of them. Whereas like so usually have to be like, okay, we're going to add this much honey and rice cakes at to every meal or almond butter and rice cakes with honey to every meal. And that's more standardized like because they can weigh the almond butter and put it on, but like if you're going to pick a Russian like I know with Chris Asito. It's, it's five guys. It's two burgers, one fry and a large coke from five guys or it's a muffin like that's what he likes to use when he wants to be. That's a big one. Oh, or a cookie here. That's you. That's you. Yeah. So me being anal, I would go to Costco and I would buy the cinnamon style muffin that are like 600 to 80 or 1400 calories. And I would say Chris, this is the muffin I want to use because it's standardized and we can get this muffin in every city America. And make sure he's okay with me having a standardized muffin so that we can measure because otherwise just random ass muffins are not all muffins are created equal. Yeah, you know, and. And that's why I think McDonald's is something Roman Fritz reduced, we see the Domino's pizza or McDonald's is he can get a Domino's pizza or a McDonald's in any city in the world. Yeah, okay. That's a very good food, but it's reproducible he has the same order that he eats the night before he does like two Domino's pizza or something. And then the morning of the show he would have four of these burgers three fries two apple pies he had like a standardized order for filling out. And that's critical. Yeah, that's a good point because that I'm not against someone's methods with them with them. And because I had to learn the hard way because I was like six or seven weeks out. Gluten shred and I can see myself wasting your weight. He's like, you need to have this in some way against me and I'm like, okay, or I fuck or do it, you know. And yeah, everything he said was correct. It was more just more just that for me. I kind of had to go down a path or I'm going to choose something where I know it's consistent. Because having another burger again or having another muffin again, it's just going to be that kind of consistency because when you're eating out. It's hard. It's hard to choose. Especially when you're in prep here. I'm doing the right thing. What it is. A lot of people that would take advantage of it as you said and abuse that power. And, you know, I thought you meant a burger was like a triple patty stack from like the fatty as burger joint in my town. Where serious guys, they're okay. Sweet. Like, I don't mean anything. It's like one patty. It's a two patty. What's this account for it? What's the radius of the burger? Like, you know, you tend to freak out because obviously some burger place is a whole more fat than others. You know, so. But look, I got a test to where I got to say it looked. It worked man. And then like, I'm after kind of just going with it. Where I was kind of choosing. I hope every day because I knew that was consistent from where I was in LA. It did show good. It did show good. No, like, you know, you're that peeled and you're forcing that kind of food. So mentally as well. I think the stress came off because it's like it was a good feeling to be like, oh, well, it'd be better for me right now to stop myself from wasting away. Then what it is, did how we want to make the show, how are you going to pull you in. So my standardised system is. I'm seeing someone's doing legs push pull, which is how I program the standard programming is legs push pull. Because legs push pull off legs push pull off. So on the off day at the last meal, you have an additional high carb meal. It's a carb reload to then prime them for the leg workout the next day. And if they're in a deficit, they would have read a two-sided after the high carb meal. So that they can go three days with decreased appetite. Most people, they will fuck this up and they'll go have ribs. Rips is not a high carb meal. So they just throw away three days worth of progress. But, you know, some people are smart. They're like, all those have three extra cups of rice. And I was like, oh, and then can I have the three extra cups of rice throughout the day? It's like that's even better. So you just, so like, with me, most of this prep I was having a medium day that was 420 carbs. And then I would have three low days, which are like 160 carbs. And right now what I've got is what Tom's doing is I'm checking in frequently. And what the pattern has been is two medium days, then three low days with extra cardio. So there's not there's like the first medium days, no cardio, the second medium days regular cardio. And then the next three days are low carbs with extra cardio pretty much. And that it's working. We're able to shred off a little bit more fat in the last couple of weeks. And so you got to be adaptive, but there's no there's been no cheat meals in the last 22 weeks of prep, not a single one. But do you feel like when I think when I was in when I was in LA, we were at universal studios and I had a bag of chicken in my pocket. And so I went up to the I try to go to a taco stand is like, can I just buy tortillas and they wouldn't sell me tortillas. So they wouldn't do it. I'll give you a $50 for 4 tortillas. They're like, we'll lose our jobs. I'm like, what's there's no one here. I'll give you both 50 bucks. Give me 4 tortillas. They wouldn't do it. Let me explain. And then the woman I was with said, just order them meat on the side. So I got the the tacos the carnitas with the meat on the side. And so then I could take the taco the chicken I brought and put it in the taco shell. But they'd of course put oil all over the tacos. Well, I said, yeah, I had to look at this. And it's like, the thing just had to fuck me the passive aggressive. And it's like, that's and you're you doing here. Yeah, that's pretty much it. It's like that. And then there is chips that came with it and the chips were there. So I ended up in those because I was putting the chicken on the chips as like nachos. So I could scoop it up with the salsa. Yeah, yeah. So it's like I might have gotten like 10 grams of more fat than I was supposed to that meal. Because the oil on the tortillas and the oil on the chips is probably 24 grams of fat rather than 10 or 12. That was the closest I came to cheating and that however many weeks it's been 22. And that's thing like we said before the consistency of you not abusing it. That wouldn't have made it into your progress. That'll we're on our feet all day at the universal studio. Like I was walking around in the Harry Potter world for like hours. Yeah, you right. So you right Universal. We were when we were in LA that was my thing was I wanted to go to the Harry Potter world and it was awesome. Because that's that's where I'm thinking to when I got to LA next we're going to do it on us. That's the one place when we got to the university's where it's at. I would go early as fuck. I thought I'd be I thought I was smart came in. I thought I was being smart came there a half an hour early before they opened. No still spent 40 minutes in life. I got to get to like an hour before they opened. Yeah, right. Yeah, look at him say a lot of it. I think as a whole mate like I never feel the need to cheat. I'm not clients. I know children need cheat. I was open all guys today. But enough before you and he's like a talent. And he was telling me about he's lost all he was shanked me all that you know a drink and blah blah. You know I want to try and cut this that or whatever. You know I said mate look. You're not going to cut the drinking. You're not going to cut the food. So the way I see things is that. He's a he didn't look great. And I had to reason with the person say look. It's not about the most optimal plan right now. We need something consistent. So I'm not going to tell you when the deep and until you what I do because you're just not going to follow it. So I said to him I said look you are ordering your meals. That's great. This we have some consistency there. You're stacking later on the day. Well, I find it's easier to look forwards for a higher amount of food towards the end of the day. So potentially starbe yourself the whole day fast whatever people want to call it. Fast for most of the day. And then these meals that you're forcing yourself to eat through the day. Let's have them at the end of the day. But where we know now that's going to fill you up and stop you from stacking later. Grinch your end of the fridge and eating this later in the hot water is because it's hardly go to better hungry. Then what it is that it have a coffee throughout the day and push your work. He said he's struggling to eat anyway at work. So I said sleep. If you're struggling to eat. And that way that calories that you're trying to start putting in just how that the end of the day. But then what's going to happen is that over time you'll drop for our fuel is really quick or tanky. Let's go to favorites moves. That's about what happened is that you'll see that. And you're shit. I feel good about this. I'm going to try another bit harder today. Then you come back as I say I'm hungry lunch time now. I'm feeling good. I'm feeling good. I'm going to put this at some extra steps in our meals. But I'd breakfast it. Now, eventually over time these small little additives. You know, look back and drink my time. Needless I shit. I can't believe I was doing that. When they are having four meals a day, training five days a week. I'm doing steps after meals. And I don't even feel like to drink anymore because. I mean, I like to drink. I like to do it all. But I never do it because it's like, what do I enjoy more? I enjoy this more. I enjoy looking good more. I like feeling better the day of the day after. You know, so. Add in these small stints in over time and building that consistency will build you to the most optimal plan. Where that's where everyone else can. I guess throw it off my opinion. I try and jump into too quickly instead of just understanding that. The most consistent plan will be the best plan. Yeah. I struggle with dealing with people who have low discipline. I did it's hard for me to respect someone who can't follow directions. But I will say that in the beginning, like real beginning, before I was a bodybuilder, I would started by just putting protein powder in my coffee. Before I went to the hospital to do surgery for the day. And I would. And then that would just be like. Extremely distrustful for my intestines. So I eventually figured out that the cut the coffee out have the protein shake in a caffeine pill or something like that. And then that would help and then I would have chicken breasts. I would put in the Ziploc baggies and stick them in my underwear. So that in between cases. A surgical case is I could go to the bathroom and I would just stand on the toilet. And then I would eat out of the bag. I don't know where my scrubs is. The only way I could smuggle food into the hospital. Fuck it. That's because that's what you smell. I love it. We talked about. Meals of importance. Preparation, discipline, menu items. We talked about. Being adaptable and creative and wise enough to make. Judgment calls when you have no other choice. We talked about things like that. What we didn't you talked about the amount of protein you use, which is four grams per kilogram, which is about two grams per pound for Americans. We didn't really talk about amounts of carbs or fat. In my experience, you use as much carbs in this little fat as you can without ruining your insulin sensitivity. And the point of using fat in these cases is you've already maxed out on the amount of carbs you can get away with without having to blast insulin. And that rather than turning to insulin, you just start using oil. Like, easily they just boil like olive oil or macadamia or oil or more protein to get in more calories. Correct. Exactly that. Yeah, I think that is well because. Alan, that's a John because I can always talk to a right. People hire massive carbohydrates. I can I could go to 1500 easy. But how much carbohydrates you really need as well? You know, you know, carbohydrates are fantastic, but. Half body really needs a push carbohydrates to get their benefit. So now only really I don't think I go above having gone above eight shifting. This is the highest of B. But anyway, anyway from that 60 to 70 50. I think so I grew to math myself obviously with the hardness of protein. And then start basing the denseness of cured cure fats. And it's to me as well. Again, like a lot of that many carbohydrates. It's a lot of all you too. So I think just understanding that you know, it's on your kind of pig ratios and look. Clarke cars might work well for you and that regard. But yeah, I don't think I can see myself going about a thousand again. I just I just don't think there's going to be much use to that. One of my tricks would be you got a certain amount of chicken rice. You can't handle anymore even though you're using Jasmine rice, right? And you're putting a little bit of peas and carrots in there for vitamins and for fiber and digestion. But you need more calories. Here's two hacks. You can have a protein shake after the meal to get in more protein. Because you know, just because four grams for kilogram might be the maximum beneficial. There's no it's going to be less damaging to insulin sensitivity to have extra protein and a liquid form that it would be to put sugar on the meal. Correct. And then the next step would be mixing. You can have rice cakes with almond butter to get in fat and carbs. You could put honey or jam on the rice cakes. You could put raisins on the rice cakes or crazy, but crazy, so you're made with real with table sugar. We don't want to pat. But if you're having a dessert post meal, that's a protein shake with almond butter and rice cakes. And you put cinnamon on those rice cakes. You will absorb. You will keep eating even though you were full and because of the cinnamon, it'll prime your body to absorb all of the food faster. Yeah. So in the your case, you would pineapple and dates in the rice perhaps with the chicken and that would be a delicious meal. And then if you needed more calories, I would say, you know, can have some almond butter on rice cakes. And that'll just drive it up. Chris is see, though, told, I think Jay Cutler do peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. And then personally, I think almond butter is better than peanut butter for a number of reasons. And in less than a hour, no bread. We're not going to digest the bread that well, although if you use the cinnamon raise in the Zikael bread with almond butter, that's also a great option. I just think the rice cakes are easier. Big fan of sour. Yeah. That was one of the ones I found actually with cards. I think it's good for kids to be able to do because people say, oh, but. Those foods might have some sugar in them, whatever you know, you know, might be from fruits, natural sugars, whatever might be. But I do believe as well, once you're eating such a high-match approach, you. Clean come hydrates, you know. The whole blood sugar spiking everything I've got from sugars is kind of. I don't know how to handle my opinion. I really don't think it's kind of plausible. Hence why. Why I'm actually not, I usually really against protein shakes and all. Junga. Banyas are recent. I'm actually a fan of them. If you're having them besides. Besides, in addition with. Half a minutes. So, right. You. I believe for that reason. Yeah, if you if you if you blend up in a shake, you know, and you're having. Oats and berries and honey, whatever it is, and you have it as a shake or something like a cleaner rastonier, which are user-round training times. And then you're adding fruits, etc. With it, you know, I don't see. I never have problems anymore with. I just think because my crimes. But I just don't like. Way protein patterns. But any kind of protein patterns must still. On their own. I just never felt good having them on their own. I just, you know, I'm not a. I'm never digestible. But as soon as I've. I'm mixing my shag, so I'm having them as an additive to a meal. I think they're fantastic. I disagree with the movement to use dairy shakes that started by the dairy industry. And that the fact their way has a high-losing content. I don't really give a fuck. You could just use a beef protein. I mean, they're add and if you add beef protein shake. To the meal. There's enough loose in there. You don't need the loose in from way. The idea of having a loose in spike post workout. You could achieve that with EAA's intro workout. Correct. You know, the, the, the, you can avoid dairy. It's, I'm not suggesting anybody use fucking way protein. I'm saying beef protein, P protein, rice protein. There's a plenty of whole food protein options. Trunetrition makes beef protein as an option. That, uh, MRE light is on paper great, but they still put fucking dairy in it for texture, which is a nice thing to do. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, you're going that far out of your way to get a dairy free protein. And then you add milk for texture. It's like, fuck people that give a fuck about texture. This is bodybuilding. It's like, I feel like I'm Leonardo's. And I want to say this is Sparta and just kiddo. This is bodybuilding. Yeah. Fuckin' bit of death. It's like, we don't fucking care about texture in our shakes. And they're like, yeah, but they're trying to market the general consumer. Fuck the general consumer. Don't contaminate our sport with your pussy bullshit with your, the texture of the shake has to be milky. This is like drink your husband's com, like fuck you and your milky texture shakes. So with the, uh, I have a question for you actually. Collagen by spritzing. Is that, is that, is that attractive from beef? It's just beef tenants and herbs. Yeah. So basically, that's my question. You're using my brain. That's true. Well, it's identical. Yeah. Yeah. I was using my current remission. So when I was having, I was having collagen protein. And I was having beef beef beans. Rebiased egg in eggs. That was my elimination diet. And a lot of go, a lot of push back on that. Because people saying, I'm not collagen protein. And so I'm not polluting or whatever. And that was my argument. Well, I know it doesn't have as much as say, way, but I mean, I'm only in protein. And fats from from the meats themselves. I never saw it a detriment to because, yeah, you know, remember as well, when you're eating that many calories. When you're, when you're on a carnival diet, you're pushing probably five six grand. You're protein, particularly grand, you know. I can't leave so much steak. I love steak. But it's so much like that. That's where I just kind of came to my own head just to kind of say, okay, let's come to this conclusion. Let's just add some collagen protein. Just so I know I went up to my stomach and have that attitude to the meals. That's actually when I started learning about, okay, well, if that kind of feels alright, then I started, you know, adding in things like way or whatever way proteins down the line. But yeah, I never saw a problem with having collagen proteins. I don't have a problem with say vegan proteins either. I just think as I said, like, I think on that front, you just got to be adding, having the attitude to a meal. Right. That you, you're not, though, be like, oh, it's not a complete protein that's like sure it is. It's complete. It's just not sufficient. It doesn't have a sufficient amount of losing. But with, if you took P protein with rich and arginy and glutamine, and you mixed it with losing, home, you've got to, now you've got a very anabolic drink. So people are taking the dumbest approach, like, you've processed the fuck out of this food to make it a shake. Why is it so far, fetched to put loose in it to get the job. Yeah, yeah, good point. Yeah, exactly. It's just, so like, people like, why don't you make those proteins? Just like, there's no market. Like, there's the margins on protein powders, shit. It's not special in there. How much, and I'm like, and people are more interested in what things taste like, because they're little pussy bitches. They don't understand the science that they can't read a label and know that your shit's better than other people's shit. Do they, or you should love back in the day? You know, when you have like a pre-workout of something, you know, when I first started training, I bought my first pre-workout, it was, there was no exploit. Yeah, no, my first two. Well, nano vapor. Nanavator vapor. Nanavator. Yeah, so that was my first time to know it's like, and man, it depends what they're on. Yeah, they take so much shit. Like, it's almost like back then like, yeah, the chemicals in there, like, you know what's good, you know, at the bro, the bro, the bro, the bro, the bro, the, you know, when now people like, oh, I'm not having that taste like shit. I'm like, you and that fucking clue, like, I don't know if I've got the taste of it. It's like, let's go, you know. If anything, when they started tasting good, this was, you know, we three years into my body, good and Jenny still a bro back then. And if it's like, if something tastes like good like the amino acids or the pre-workess, I mean, like, oh, this must be, this must be good pre-worked because that kind of, I can't stick to chemicals. Yeah. Well, Lucy is that water soluble. So people used to pitch like, why isn't it dissolving? It's like, because Lucy is not water soluble. Well, my other products that have my other BCA products dissolve, like, because they're not pre-all. Yeah, it's right. They've been chemically altered. And then, although they're technically elucine, they're not going to buy, and they're not going to be used to generate muscle-proching synthesis, nor trigger the M-tour process. There's people are so dumb that it's a branch chain amino acids. So it doesn't have a polar tip. So it's not going to dissolve in water. It's going to be hydrophobic, not hydrophilic. I used to have a roast. I used to have roasted by my bro friends back in the day, because I always believed that essential amino acids over branch and amino acids. And then it was like a few years later where it all kind of came on down that branch chains were nowhere near as good as essential amino acids and all that. And it's like, yeah, I made sense of that for years. And I still use essential amino acids around training. I think I've never really had, as I said, I don't know how to shake some of their right anyway. So I always sort of made more sense like you said earlier, to get the full benefit of the essential amino acids during training times. And then the solace, everything else from Hall Foods. Right. And it's like, there's nothing wrong. I will have a beef shake on the drive home from the gym because I had plenty of EAAs in my battle made, which is my entry drink. And if like, will I eventually make a beef protein with losing? Yeah. Well, I eventually make a vegan protein with losing? Yeah. I've got next to 100 grams sitting around, and I'm not there. Any profit on it. Let's just make these products that no one's going to buy, so they can get rancid on the shelf. That's when I went into just a row of money away and make the best protein on earth because no one's going to want to pay for it because they can get cheap per protein that's way or something. Then I said, it's a nice and taste-pudge. Mm-hmm. It's my more important. It's cheap, and it tastes good. And that's more important than actually having it work. That's why as well, like when I say to people, I'm going to back in the day, this protein is amazing, whatever it is, whatever. We actually read the label on it. I've once been there. You know, I can like, oh, you know, it's a 24 grams of protein, but I'm like, yeah, but it's 55% protein, 55% protein. Like, yeah, but it's long cars. And like, what the fuck else do you think is in there? Yeah. And just not all protein's equal, protein's a collection of amino acids. You only, you don't, you need all of them, but you don't need them all in just a random ass ratio. You want most of those amino acids to be from Losing, you know what I mean? Maybe our gene, the other EIA's. It's so fucking hard. Even when you're producing products, and you order the product to have EIA's, the laboratories or manufacturers will, they're so confused that they think you mean BCAA's. And then you have to double check their work. I mean, like, no, no, no, this isn't supposed to be BCAA's, supposed to be EAA's. They're like, what's that? It's like, oh, shit. Ready to stop it, shawks. They're like, we could save you a dollar container. And you're like, how many times do I have to tell you this? I don't give a fuck if I turn a profit. This is just about making the best products in earth. I make money other ways. I don't need to make money on the supplements. I just need to break even and I will. Just, I want the best shit ever made. So I can honestly say my shit is the best shit on the planet. And if I'm, the owner is an honest to a fault person, and has no filtering of her treatable feelings. And I'm like, my shit is made to be the best shit. Fuck the margins. I don't care if I make a profit. People will believe it. And I'm like, I don't give a fuck if it tastes good. It does taste good because other people flavor it. But if it was up to me, it would taste like shit. Just so that pussy's can't drink it. I don't want to help you be pussy's. Like a people listen to rap music. They can't drink my shit. Only people listen to metal. That's on the front of the wall. It tastes disgusting. And you have to listen to metal while you lift. Otherwise, I'm not even allowed to use my brand. That's what I wanted to beat. I would just want someone to walk up and like just slap the drink out of their hands. It'd be like, you're too much of a pussy to drink this. The slap the drink. Yeah, you're going to put that on your lips. Your lips products are only, yeah, about how the lips is not for posties. Like when they get when they get a ball and you're going to check that's 25 by list. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They have to get a Spotify by option. If there is no suffocation or just a member or dying fetus on your playlist, you can't listen. You can't what a kind of drink. Valhalla abs. Treat. Treats. What else do you go pulling out? What about you, man? What else do you go to me today? You've lost some of the plenty of questions that I love it. Yeah, dude. So, um, what are your final thoughts? Like, because we've been on for almost an hour and a half now. If someone sat through this whole thing, what are the four most important things about nutrition? That anyone who wants to be a bodybuilder needs to know if they're just getting into the sport? Whole foods. As much as you can, don't get caught up with the whole calories of those calories out. Don't get too caught up with having to have five to six meals per day, because that's what Jacob had. If you're consistent plan only fits for four, working for one, make sure it's consistent. Don't worry about having six, seven, eight, nine, ten. It's solely depends on the person. Finally, number four, I would say, because I'm biased. Protein is protein is the king. I think you need to be in. I really don't believe from what I've seen with clients and myself that protein needs to be limited. I really feel over time that we're trying to eat less protein just from what I'm seeing as a whole. We're trying to get away with eating less and less and less amounts of protein, which I'm sure works to some extent. But on the other side, Todd is that when it comes to monkey C monkey do, I'd say the best bodybuilders with the late night in celly 2000s. Well, I'm a bit of a monkey C monkey do to have a guy as well, which is why we're in touch on this, but you said things like fast and cardio. That's very rare to talk about now. A lot of people talk about steps. I'm still a huge fan of fast and cardio. I'm still a huge fan of eating, copiates amounts of protein, especially if you're on the gas. I really do believe that even though it's protein amounts high, won't be any detriment to you. Even if you weren't to process it rather than just adding in sugars and bad source and fats just to get a calorie zip. That would be much hoped for if someone was watching this, they wanted to start out. I think that, okay, it's a basic top four, but especially like the last one, it's it's a top four that is really kind of getting phase out and almost random. It's a rebel to give people good, common sense information. Like eat whole foods, don't force feed yourself. Don't eat toxic waste just to get your calories over a threshold of force and scale to go up because that's fat. And the number of meals isn't as important as making sure that you're spacing your meals out. So you're eating at least every three or four hours. So you get, yeah, there's a refractory window. Once you trigger the emtores with a loosey spike, it takes like four hours to reset that emtore pathway. So you can really only get four animaolic meals in another day. So having more than four anima-mills is basically there to regulate your blood sugar, not to generate more muscle protein synthesis. Exactly, yes. I learned that was current, yeah, definitely. All right, but well, this has been a good episode. We got a thing about what we want to do for episode four. You must have had a few people in this comments coming to me back again. Oh, fuck it. People are, they love you. They're the most popular guys that I think I've ever had, man. All right, let's get around. It's just a refreshing conversation because it's not a bunch of gear talk that's irrelevant. You're more interested in what actually matters, which is real bodybuilding. So if people are watching it because you're popular and I think also, I think you're a fan, well, how should I say fan, I think you have a lot of younger fans. So we have the opportunity to really help younger people and get them out of the gen X mindset of throwing barbells around as heavy as you can. And eating drinking a million protein shakes and blasting grams of tests. You know, like, I think that we have the opportunity to help the next generation Gen Z not make the mistakes that the gen X stories do. Dude, just quickly, you know what's funny? Even like, you know, ask your own this next week because as a coach, I like to ask your questions, you know. And I just still fan myself asking questions to us, not to the extent we'll talk in the fall, but there was still was some things where I would ask him. And like, I'd ask him after I said, I'm like, I know the answer I'm going to get back. You know, things like, I should we introduce this or that or whatever. Obviously, my questions have been more calculated than, you know, just shooting from the hit. But even I can still recall there's still some things where that intention still kind of should suit because you're speaking to a gear expert. And then you speak to guys like yourself, you speak to guys like John, you know, and he's telling you the same stuff we're preaching now. You know, so when you go up the ranks of these guys, whether they be top pros, top coaching with John's base, and then he's top coach and top pro. The guys are there's no different sort of what we're talking about today. But I hope that's actually before other than the four months, I really hope that's the main message people get through. And so yeah, let's rock and roll next week. I'm all for it. Everybody, I'll actually let him have a great week. Lovely chatting to you as always. See you, buddy.