You're watching Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. How I fixed my knee. This is Todd Lee, a medical doctor, I have BB Pro Bodybuilder and Biochemist. And this is how I fixed my knee. You want to know how to hurt my knee. I did something I never do. And I gave myself a quad injection. I did use oil or nothing crazy. I did use some giant s-arpone. I instead of taking an insulin syringe and filling it up with test and GH and then putting in my shoulder. Like I'm supposed to. I just like a dummy. I was like, let's do it with the patients too. And I shot myself in the quad. And then what happened is it caused the phage to then glued down to that scar tissue. And then it caused the knee to get out of alignment. And so I ended up pulling something a minor tear in my lateral quadricep where it meets the tendon. So in the process of fixing that, the fatality tend to too much tension. And then the process of fixing that, my medial quadricep tend so the pain started moving around my knee. So what I did to fix it. So one, I bought squat shoes. I already said squat shoes. But I bought these. Oh, these are kind of shit. This doesn't make much sense. But anyway, I have a wrong squat shoes. So I had, um, bought these squat shoes. They're going to be in the video I drop. That's the 15 weeks out video where I talk about the squat shoes quite a bit. But I basically bought some squat shoes. And then I took the part and I put me a Frankenstein out of multiple different squat shoes and versus a wedge is. And I found the exact perfect blend of squat shoe pitch with them having the soul of a different squat shoe. And then I had multiple versus wedges from different types and different densities. And I turned it into a squat shoe that I can wear around the town. And I said, I do these things. Boy and or I can just slide in one additional versus wedge to make it a very steep squat shoe. Or I can add in additional wedges to make it a ridiculously steep squat shoe. So it's like a modular squat shoe that can be modified as such. So that's one. So that way I'm able to control exact pitch of my of my heel so that my heel never comes up. Not that it did when I got hurt. But that was part one. I know a lot of you guys don't do that too is I wear knee sleeves. But I always wear knee sleeves. But now I put butcher bomb on my knees and then put the knee sleeves on that heat makes the butcher bomb sink in better. Then I switched from training twice a week with three sets of leg extensions and two sets of some type of hacksquad or leg press to training three times a week of just loving extensions doing single leg extensions three times a week. Then I started injecting TB500 and BPC and GHKCU. I was doing one milligram of each per day and then dominant cruis suggested that I go up to five milligrams once basically an I've assumed that and the days were hurt. I would do five milligrams of TB500 and doing it that way doing the bolus on the days that I actually made it hurt like I did legs and the next day maybe my quads were one insouriness and my knee was two insouriness I would inject it and then over time it got to be the point where the quadger one insouriness the knee was the one in the soreness then the quadger one in the soreness and the knees were zero insouriness then I started adding in instead of regular slots sets I added in cluster sets. This is something I got from Drew Donaldson and the DDT method podcast is you do six sets of four with a three second arrest in between the four sets so you would do four reps, racket, take I do this this way because it's too hard to look at a timer they don't have like clocks on the wall where it's got digital it's just like a normal two hands or no second hands. So I take three V breaths so let's time it out right now it's a 22 seconds exactly 10 seconds and I feel like I had it and I feel energized woo woo like oxygen fucking oxygen water and salt amazing this shit that I can tell you to do it when you do it you blow your fucking mind how amazing oxygen water and salt art you think it's derriger had cool wigs you have oxygen water and salt so three deep breaths then you do four more reps then you do three repeat breaths then you do four more reps and you do three deep breaths and you just keep doing that until you get 24 fucking reps it's awful but here's the trick you use a weight you could do 15 times and you get 24 reps with it so it's called the cluster set you end up failing or coming near failure like four fucking times the first two were relatively easy the third fourth are hard and the fifth and the sixth are nightmare and then if you can get all 24 reps then you probably should add maybe 5% to percent to five percent of the load so I was doing that every other workout so if I was doing legs if you saw my split video I was doing upper lower upper lower upper lower I'm the lowers it would be Wednesday and Sunday and then the next week it would be Friday and then the next week it would be Sunday and when and Friday and then the next week it would be Wednesday and Sunday and you see what I'm saying is it's every other leg day I would do one cluster set after the three sets of leg extensions that's it and that's how my knee got better not doing shit that hurt it finding a way of doing leg extensions it didn't hurt the knee and then taking care of the knee so what I didn't get hurt I injected it with I didn't inject the knee anymore because I find when injected the tendon with the BPC the injection itself causes more inflammation so I just gave up on the BPC I used the BPC that was in the butcher bomb because those tendons are right on the surface you don't need to inject them the butcher bomb will penetrate them and then I relied on the butcher bomb for the BPC and I used the GHCCU and the TB500 and injections the GHCCU I do want two milligrams every day the TB500 I would just do five on the days where I hurt it the mall which is generally be at the beginning after the cluster sets and then pretty much after that it just went away so right now I'm able to do two or three sets of just squat press it's not a lot of way don't get me wrong but I'm able because I had no choice but to really target those lateral quads now when I train my quads I only feel my lateral quads I don't feel my mid-medial quads I don't feel my adductors I don't feel my knees I don't feel my glutes I don't feel my hamstrings I don't feel my ankles my feet my calves I'm using such lightweight I can literally target just my lateral quads the other thing I want to point out to get my lateral is my feet aren't like this they're not even like this they're like this they're right under my hips and point straight forward and I'm internally rotating my femur it's almost like I'm pigeon-tooled but I'm not I'm almost put my feet in almost a pigeon-tool and then I rotate I don't rotate out I put my feet like normal and I rotate in and so and it able to let targets the lateral quads the other thing is you don't go super deep and of course if your heels come up it completely destroys it. It transforms all the force towards the medial quad and the knee the other thing is you probably heard that oh it's the angle of the knee that matters to most the angle of the knee matters the most for the medial quad not the lateral quad the lateral quad does not need to go that much below parallel so you can do I mean I've got this watch you so I go pretty fucking deep my ass goes below parallel this is definitely would I get I get white lights at a powerlifting me but but since I'm not trying to target my glutes I stop before I hit my bottom I don't go as deep as I can go I have complete control and I'm working the middle 60% of the range emotion so I'm never locking out of the top and I'm never going as deep as I can so I'm working the lateral quads and I can feel it trace itself from the outside near the knee to the outside near the hip but it doesn't transfer to the butt if it transferred to the butt it's too deep it says simple that's how it fixed many I hope you found this useful may the force be with you. Great news I am now partnered with Talon Wellness Talon Wellness will be able to provide you your medication so you get your consult with me I will review a blood work you got through M&M labs and Talon will be the HRT clinic that will get you your medication delivered to your home so there's nothing that changes on your part all you do the same thing you get the consult with me link is in the description box and I take care of everything it's just that now it is now a different HRT clinic and the lab process is going to be even smoother the prices will also be lower than they were with the previous HRT company so this is all good for everyone you'll love it click the link in the description box to set up your consult today and on with the show