You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. We're driving to meet Dominus Airbnb so I can post for him in person and he can make some adjustments to the diet if needed. I woke up at 173.5 this morning. After one meal I was 175. I didn't look better today than it had yesterday. I don't know what his opinion is yet. We'll see in a few seconds minutes and foods greater today, salt's greater water's less and we'll see how it goes. I'd suck pretty good for about four hours and I couldn't sleep for two more and then I took a bunch of shit to make me sleep and I slept a few more hours and I woke up very well rusted. I have a different strategy going into tonight's sleep that'll be much more aggressive so I don't have to double down on stuff that can bleed over the next day. That's the sort of thing that they didn't just have people park their own cars. They had to be in control of parking them but then they got locked in. That's so goddamn dumb. I'm so glad I'm always early because everyone else is so fucking dumb. We're waiting to we don't know where to park our cars so I thought valet would make sense but the valet situations of fucking cluster. And this guy with this little army vehicle thinks he's hot shit and he's breaking with the pattern and then this one. See I'm in line here because he told me to get in line and then all these fucking people are taking cuts in line. Hey I was here before that guy. All right. Now it's not your fault for being an asshole because he knew I was in front of him because I almost hit him with my car so he could back the fuck up. I kind of surprised by how assertive I am in public. No one would ever accuse me of being what's intimate. A keyboard warrior that I'm passive in person and only confrontation only in and out quite the contrary. I've seen you conduct traffic at the airport. Oh it's a woman that's why she drives like that who took a bunch of steroids. She's hyper aggressive but still not a good driver. I would go over well. With what? My female clients I don't have. Yes here you're five female fans. Well I've got one female fan on YouTube. One hurt checkins at five though so that actually makes sense. He's going that's good. Okay cool. She got my keys. Cool. All right sweet. Hey I'm sorry about that. You're checking in at five o'clock right? So you're trying to get up there. Yeah I totally you totally shouldn't have went in front of me. Yeah I'm glad you went in the front of me because you have to get up there. I don't have to check until six. No it was very disorganized and it's only that dude who's doing that. Yeah it's on very big. Who would put it in between seven buildings or whatever. It's me on me go hotel and the other side of the theater that has the worst real estate so that it'd be cheaper. What do you smile on it? Because I didn't know what gender I was talking to. You're a man. You're a man. I don't know how to sell. Yeah. Because I had no idea what was going on over there. Six o'clock. No I know that. I just couldn't tell. No in the air you get into a space will be right with you. You already know the drill. Team here's 180 for the 160 plus two. You can come now. Yeah both because I'm competing Friday morning. So I'm competing in open on Saturday and masters on Friday. I thought we have some athletes just like to get 10 in the morning. I figured we'd do an overnight tonight and then I'd want to just do the top coat in the morning instead of doing a top coat tonight in sleep and then does that make sense? Are you cool? That's what we're going to do. So one coat today, one coat Friday, one coat Saturday morning. Does it make sense? Yes. Are you also going to lose for the men's facial blending? Yeah I want everything. But so the men's facial blending is a separate service that we do for the men. I'm going to have Korean expanded to you. No, no, no. No, no. Tell me about my blending of faces. So what we do for you is how it's gray and I'm not too pretty well with this. What do you want in covers? Any blamettes? Like we take a car for you. How much is it? It's 70, 90. Now I'm good because yeah I think it looks fine. Okay cool. Sure I just had back then. Can my camera person come with me? No, okay. Yeah everyone's naked. Okay. Sorry. So we're going to the sixth floor now so we can check in. So final call is 845. Park it Marina Jack. Walk across. All right got you. So flash calls 830. All right got you. Thank you ladies. Put this stuff up. Upstairs. I'll go down to Valle. Let them know that my phone's in the car. Because I think I need my confirmation to get you all your passes. Unless no. You actually don't even need to come with me when I go hunt on my phone. But then you wouldn't be able to reach me. If I get lost. But I'm a holly can get lost. It's pretty straightforward. That's why we got to set up our walkie talkings. But yeah we tried to walk a tuck. I left my phone in my car. Yeah. I don't need the car. I just did the phone out of that. It's in the center console and the charger that's built in. But he's snat rocket. That sounds like a metal band. Bro so. Chedit. It's so funny. I wish it was from anodoro you guys. It's not snorning anodoro. Snorning anodoro. I actually prefer my anodoro, but he actually. So yeah, one of the temperature change. We were just talking. I got rhino-sethamplasty. He's like, dude, your nose is like a Lego piece. He had no tip to the nose. You're anything like that? He's so gushing. Bologna is his. Anyway. So I was like a wish I was a good story behind it. But there's not. You look nice and tan. I do. Did you come down to Florida earlier to tan a little bit? No. I just did a couple of coats. Couple of coats. No, you look good. That's a good thing. We should put my third coat. These are Brandon by the way. What's up, man? Todd, that's me, shit. What am I on stage? Um, tomorrow. Probably. Friday. Friday and Saturday. They're going. Okay, I'm going to run in there with you. I'm a brand and they're not going to be taking this for 40 minutes. The girls were set six, minor six. Unless you're getting spray painted. No, I'm not going to. All right, then it's just check. What's this? Oh, thank you, bro. Cool. I'll take a picture with you, but I should probably do without like a stop. No, I like the. You do? I like it. I like it. I like it. All right. Who's taking this picture? He's a good camera. Yeah, that's a good video. That's from video. Brand you want to get pictures of us? Yes, you probably. He's a color one. So, so, you're doing open, obviously, right? I don't know. Man, I know, open, man. Oh, all. Man's physique. Okay. God, you're fucking huge. This huge, huge, huge, huge, huge. I think how much you think this. He's looking like that. I would say, two or four. Okay, my therapist, two or two. Okay, so what are you right now? That, two or one. Yeah, I just want to wait. Why do you want to fast it? Like, one night, yeah. Today, one night, midnight. Okay. I woke up at one, seven, three, this one. What's your recap? Well, it depends on what my height is. It should be one, eight, two. And a wait till I can check, wait in, then I can eat. So I'm dizzy right now. Oh, so. I got a way in, then I can be right now, I'm pretty dizzy. Mm-hmm. All I'm classic, yeah. I have to. I have to. I'm just watching the bathroom. All right. I've got you, man. Man's classic, open, over 35, over 40, over 45. Correct. I'm just signing new this one, man. It's all nine, four, it's five. Yeah. Take this thing, you can get it. Yes, sure. Where would I get his backstage pass and VIP tickets inside that room? How do you get how you're invited to go? We're going to go, are you? Okay. One, nine, two, point three. There's a bar key. Yeah, I don't have to get one. Oh, no, the other way. He had a pair of things. I see. I see. You are. All right. So let's get your hands together. Nice and tall. Just a fraction. Five, four, a half. Oh, yeah. All right, go. Let's go. Give me the left hand. So you're on a train, you can go on a train. Left hand. With a lot of power, my friend. Good. Good. I don't have any power left. I need to eat. Look, I'm done. One thing for your. No, no. All right. Now, is this my official height for life? Five, four, point five. After three, after three, uh, measurement. I'm going to have you. No. Well, I've done one in taxes and I have three shows lined up this month. So then your third one, after your third one, and your start starts rolling up right here. All right. So that's, it's never going to be lower than this then. No, I should. OK, well, I should. Number one. One need to for life. Mission is accomplished. It's OK. We're going to get close. And I'm even at that close again, but we're going to get close. Hello. I'm competitor 12, Todd Lee. And I'd like to start when I'm on stage. We got the same sense of humor. We got the same sense of humor. What is this? This is your bad first. All right. Now, I also bought like backstage passes. Smart money. Gotcha. All right, cool. What do I have to present? Like a confirmation email. Like kind of thing. OK. Cool. Number 12. I'm going to do numerical significance to this number. But it's cool. The height came in a five point five, four, going to 60, 64, .5. So yes, I do have to come in at one 177, probably two more times. But after this one, like come to Troy, no matter what, because I'll have had three official hidings that 64.5 will stick. And I can be 182 in Detroit. It is satin stone. I checked with he's the state chair of Florida. We're good. We are good. Here's Kai's food. Kai's very hungry. Here's Kai's fork. Here's Todd's food. Todd is very hungry. Let's go find a table to sit down. And I don't hurt. He's preoccupied with the camera. I'm just going to leave my shit here because I don't want to fall. So I got 64.5. So that means I'm good for Detroit. But I still have to come in at one 77, the next two shows. Um, one 76.5. Nice. Yeah. So they, I checked with three different people, including him, that as long as I do two more shows, then come to Troy. I can be, I'm one, two. Tomorrow, your first two meals will be solid like this. And then I'm going to kind of microfeed you with rice cakes and stuff. I love right now. Because your shows are rolling, show tomorrow. You'll be, it's just rolling. But you'll have dead time. I'm confused. Do I go pre-chews and pre-chews and finals, finals, finals? You're going to be judging pre-chews and pre-judging. They're going to fish all the other divisions and then they're going to start with finals. Oh my god. So you'll have a good time. Yeah. So like, I'm probably going to, honestly, you'll probably have time to leave and come back. And what's funny is if it was in the hotel, we would just go up to the room. Yeah. So now they'll tell. You know, why would they do that? That would be a big set. Airbnb is much closer. It's just 25 minutes per week. What was it for you? No, it's closer to me than. So there's one duty over 35 I think is going to be very, I'm competitive. I'm competitive. Very competitive. How very competitive. I didn't really see anyone else when I got painted. Oh. Oh. Where's the Russian? Oh, thank you. But you don't like her? Yeah, I guess I could put, but not put, like, well, it's me salt on everything, but I could put honey on that chicken. And be almost like him. Be like honey chicken. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Like what a bourbon chicken. Yeah. Let me do that. I was like, help. You're right. This is the guy that puts bacon so that's why I'm not free. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. It's so good. It's a great thing. So you're going to have like a text. You guys have a couple of years down. Like how much sodium you've been doing. He goes. I've been doing 13.7 grams. Sodom. Yes, that's correct. Sodom not salt. Yeah. I know. Sodom needs to cut this shit. It was like 30 grams of salt total. 30 grams. We did. It was full. Bacon's going down. Yeah. Yeah. And that alone was like, seven gram sodium shift. And then he started losing a bunch of water. And it started looking a lot sharper. And I was like, well, would you figure that? But boy, is it delicious? It's carbonated water. And it's dirt cheap. Not that I have to save. I'm that kind of stuff. I think it is a performance benefit. You can, well, I don't know. Here's my rationale. People say, by carbon, it's going to buffer the lactic acid here blood, right? Yeah. But it has to make it to your blood, which we just go through your stomach. So you've got to hydrochloric acid in your stomach. So it's just going to protonate the, by carbonate, make CO2 gas and water. You're going to burn. And you're just going to burn. So everyone's drinking bacon soda before the gym. And they just got this big gloomy stomach. I inject the sodium by carbonate. I do your good. It's a little bit of that. How do you do that? How do you inject bacon soda? There's a company that makes an inject. All right. I need to get on this shit. I'm going to inject arm and hammer in my IV bag. Dude, because you're saying if you rehydrate with saline, you're going to look like shit. And I was like, well, a bag of saline has got nine grams of salt. So that actually makes sense. Shit. Yeah. I was like, that's probably why if we got Rieger's lactate, instead of salisodium, maybe it would look different. Not your two-sour for your own gas. You, I'm trying to catch up with you. But yeah, could you ready to pick what the meal is already up? I have a tentative plan. It's just on the morning. We'll see how you wake up. And then if I got to change anything, we'll change it. But right now, I have a tab for you for tomorrow. Meal one, meal two, are written just so we're prepared. But I'll probably have to adjust those. It's going to be both rice or potatoes. It's going to be mostly rice, honey. Mostly rice and honey. OK. And rice cakes. Now, not that it's a yes, but not that I want to do this. Let me know. They do have a kind of natural breakfast at my hotel with like eggs and coffee. And I can only have a cup of coffee. I'm going to fuck with it. You remember back in the day when people used to have pancake cakes and shit? The war room in the Shusha and the Shelby Sirens pancakes and salt. I'm not risking that, man. Use lots of salt. I'm like, how much is lots? Lots. It's like the most important part of it. Lots is that a member. To the venue, I'm just bringing rice cakes on the butter, right? Rice cakes on the butter, honey. And the battle made possible. I'm going to take you. Fried rice. I'll take you a list of them. And then which ones do you're, which ones do you're pump product? They both have, which one has glycerol? Both. The pre-workout and the intricate work on both have been. Which one doesn't have sims? Neither of them have sims. Which one has less citrally? The intra has no citrally. They'll probably use that. OK. Because our water probably won't be high enough for citrally to work properly. OK. Because what John's you was saying was that he flattened out like a motherfucker in a 90 minute pre-judging. He didn't have carb powder. He just had rice cakes. Well, that's because, well, that's what you solved that with honey. Right. I see. OK. And honey, honey digest a little bit more slower because it's a blended sugar. Right. And so I did, but I was like, all right, I will break battle me. And if he says not to use it, that's cool. But at least we have it. It's better to have it. That's your liquid carb. Mm-hmm. Well, it's got EA's. Yes? Yeah. And also, it's glucose disposal agency. What? I have glucose disposal agency in my entire... Oh, it's in the interest. It's in that. There's our ALA, and I brought cinnamon, and then it's got a Van Del Solfe, chromium picking, and all the way. Does Van Delet mess with you like, like, make you tired? I got a lot of people like it to team down it. Probably because they're not eating of carbs because they're... Is it with it? They're stimulating insulin receptors. When a lot with it? I want to be a chemi girl who used battle made when they didn't have carbs in it, they'd fainte. OK. So I had to start putting carbs in that. But I used that HCBG, the high molecular weight carbs. Do you want me to hold it up? Yeah. And... And... For our big, small, and one for the sea. Three for the first. For our big, small, and one for the sea. Thanks, buddy. Appreciate it. Thank you. Look good. Thanks, man. Thank you. Good to know how I can sleep. Yeah. Now, he did it for me. We got way pro hot cocoa. We'll see here. This is 1.5 grams of fat. That's not bad. Three carbs and 20 grams of protein. So that's something that actually sounds like a lot of fun. We got a little baby, shake your cup. Well, so we got an energy drink called omni, Kyle Drink Thus. It's got only a million milligrams of caffeine. No, it doesn't. I don't see any caffeine. Maybe I'm wrong. This is energy. It's got to have caffeine in it. 200 milligrams of caffeine per can. It's got vitamin B. A bunch of vitamin B's, some potassium. Only a little bit of sodium to help omni like omni man. That's Kyle's favorite show is invincible. Got raw sugar, man body wash, black coconut and sea salt. Something tells me this was not designed by men. I got a toothbrush. This is like the most, this stuff. Well, interesting. Two toothbrushs. Okay. What's this? The wash sugar, the moisture smoothie, shampoo. Coconut agave and sweet almond milk. All right, South Beach, here we come. All right, so, Revit, extreme caution, Reable for consuming. I don't really need to. We got to warn me not to drink it. Then I'm not going to drink it. I know it just comes with a straw first, Nording, a brush sugar, Simply body wash, sensitive skin. I got a sticker for the Florida Pro. It's this, A-D-A-Ballock. At a Ballock, not anabolic. Muscle, hypertrophy, fastest, Most effective formula to offset a catabolic state. Candy Bliss, anabolism. Size. In case you didn't know what anabolism I meant. All right, protein. Is that C0? Yes. The zero grams of protein is 12 carbs, zero sugar. So what is in it? Directions, instructions. No ingredient, what's though? No way, hold on. Glycox. Homo, Holly's sec arrived to arrive from Rice and Potato, 12-Band. Made of alinean, creatinine hydrate, glycerousize, beaten, beat of algeras, and then amino acids. So it's kind of like babamide, rusted AF. Something. It's hyperaggressive way of getting rusted. All right. Promotes REM sleep and GH secretion fruit punch. It's got GABA, 2.75 grams of GABA and glycine. Got KSM, Ashwaganda, Levin Ball, Theonine, Simply, I like this. The laryan root. Almost everything that was in Dragon Dream, just in hearing a bunch of other stuff too. I'm not going to remake Dragon Dreams. I'm going to give it my new products. I'm going to call it Koma. Because then Dragon Dreams wasn't clear enough. Got a pin. All right. So as far as good a bag to go, this is a pretty good haul. Usually it's just some crap that was just thrown in. Aside from the energy drinks which Kyle Drink, I've got a bunch of moisturizers and sugar and poo. And then something I would actually use as an intern. Something I'd actually use as a sleep product. And something that actually looks like really good protein. I don't do way, but if I did do way, this would be the way I do. And the sugar cup to actually consume these beverages. Very thought out, goody bag. All right. So to recap, hopefully you can hear me. The goal is 64.1. 64.5 was achieved. Had to be under 177 in KSI was 64.0. But I was 176.4. So I was actually six pounds lighter than I needed to be. So I'm mission, every mission is accomplished so far. What if they could bring the athletes? They covered how grateful they were that we were there. And how happy they are to host us here in Fort Huff. Do you talk about the words between length? Yeah, they'd have no idea. They just made it way more confusing because they don't know what to do. That's going on. But I figured it out. It's 30 seconds in pre-judging and 60 seconds in the night routine. But I'm not going to walk off after 60 seconds. I'm going to finish my fucking routine. And I think want to turn my music off, that's fine. Nothing's grosser than the smell of a chili. Everybody's valet. It's mandatory. That makes sense since there's no parking. Yeah. I tried. It could be a text rap paid online. And then I've already... Oh, shit. I didn't even think of that. I don't even think of that. I don't even think of that. I'm going to turn pro-life to every valet or 100 bucks. Even the ones that never waited on me. It was one throw in his hand. I was like, two dollars. So I had to do it. I'm like, fuck yeah, I did this is for you. I'm like, no way. That's so fucking gross. Dude, element is the nastiest shit ever. It's like chili mango. I don't fucking know. Is it my car? It could be like two years old. It's so gross. I've never had water. I hated more in all my life. It's like torture. It's like being a pirate and drinking salt water. I'm so thirsty. And then you sip it and it's just like, parrot, piss, penis, collada. What is with all these giant s-geaps? Like you're not cool. You're just like two porters of urban. I'm sure it's expensive too. It's even an American car that costs money. That isn't electric. It can make no sense. The last two hours were hard as fuck. As soon as the elation wore off that the number one goal was accomplished and I got heighted at least once at 64.5 and made weight. So that for the rest of my life, my weigh-in weight is 182. Then every bit of stress was gone. And because you adrenaline more off, the stress wore off. Now my body's just falling apart. It's just like fuck, cutie-todd. So we gotta get back. Take pictures first. Then get weight. We're not even going to walk to the room. We're going to walk right into that little area. I'll strip down. We'll take some pictures because I still got my trunks on. Set them to down immediately. The scales right there. Way in, sending them to the scale right there. Then I will get started on meal four. I'll probably feed you first because if I don't make you meet, you'll forget to eat. Because my meal is so confusing. If I'm trying to prepare yours in mind, this is how I'm going to fuck it up. Dude, some of these dudes had the most amazing physics. Then there's me. I'm black. I'm black. I'm black. I'm dark. There's my car. We're out of heat. Let's up, bro. Thank you, sir. It's the last thing. Lee. Thank you so much. Appreciate it. You too. Just get the fuck out of that. Autobots roll out. Those go. Move the fuck. Let's get the hell out of here. Even the sound dude isn't pressed. So this is heavy. His fuck is like, yes it is. The most important thing happened. I got height of 64.5. Now 64.1. 64.5. And we came in at 177, which was completely unnecessary. We just have to do that two more times. We don't have to actually make 64.5, but we have to come in at 177 to more times. In case for whatever reason, we get height of it at 164.0. Because then the string of three gets collapsed. But if you can do three in a row, I found this on the wind. But you know what's talking to you? Three in a row. The first ones all I needed. My lifetime cap is 182. So after the Detroit Pro, we're going to reverse diet into the Detroit Pro. Then we have a full off season where we can try to put some real muscle on. And then 2027, I'll do the masters in limpio.

Worry! You're watching Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. Hello and welcome to Umbra in Shelby Township, Michigan, where we can use tri-pods and we can train with our shirts off and everyone is at least average if not above average attracted to us, especially the women. And all the equipment is fantastic and the lighting is phenomenal and there's a digital clock on the wall so we can tie my recipe here. This place was made for people who want to build muscle but it accommodates people who do crossfit powerlifting even the chaps who do strong med and it has some of the best stretching equipment I've ever seen. So if you're in Michigan this is one of the two coolest gyms either RTB down river or Umbra in Shelby Township. We're going to do back chest which is really tri-pods for me and delts then we're going to pose if you're just tuning in. Shame on you! Watch the videos in fucking order. They're enumerated in reverse order because it's a countdown towards victory. All right now off with you. You I'm gonna get you out of the bad. Straighten your head. Pull the ball and just slide away from us. Straighten your head. Straighten your head. Straighten your head. Straighten your head. Don't hit 17 on both sides. I still have more in me too. Me as I'm adapting really fast. I have to put more weight on. That's weird. That's weird. See how much progress that is? That's crazy. It's way too much progress. It makes me feel like I'm sandbagging it. But my backs have been sore all week. I went up from eight sets to nine sets. I'm back. Went up from four sets to five sets on quads. Remember this is three times a week. So I went from 24 sets of back to 27 sets of back. I went from 12 sets of quads to 15 sets of quads. And all my loads are progressing. So I'm gonna have to... We're gonna see either feeling an LA. We're gonna be training less. So I'm probably gonna get... It's probably gonna be a D-load week. Because I'm doing things differently with other people. So I'll get novel stimulus. So I might get acute soreness in the lads or the quads. But my systemic volume is probably gonna be lower. Because I plan on training with each of them once. Maybe genetic twice. And then in theory that's all we're gonna be doing. Which will be four days instead of six that week. So it'll be kind of like a D-load week. And then when I come back to this, I won't have the rest-bosses in place. Oh fuck, I didn't put the 10 on this. That's why I felt so late. Can I feel it, can you be here? Stupid asshole. Alright, at least put the wood on this. Yeah, put the wood on that side. Just down on this side. Huh. Well... Oh fuck. What's this? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's nothing. It's nothing. Oh fuck. Oh fuck. Oh fuck. Oh fuck. ... More mean. That's not awesome. But I've had all this ore. What you did to I was just alive.. ... ... This one's just a novelty. I can't eat a meal or two then yeah. Damn, it's spare twice. Ahh. .... ... And, I've got... ... Fuck you. .... Hm. So that was 17 on the right, 19 on the left, it's too fucking light. But when I did two plates last time I tried on the right, I felt nothing in my lap. It was all re-doubt. It's frustrating. It's all I kind of liked when Walter H. Raps. It allowed you so hard to hit. It may as to do something. Starting after you. Do you find this as heavier than free weights, even though it's at an angle? Not really. It's just these drummers. My lower back. Right, right. Right. Right. Right. I thought it was super heavy, but I haven't done free weights in years with that exercise. So I was like, a plate in a half, I was like, wow, I had no control. This one, the arsenal one, yeah. It's too heavy. Thanks, buddy. I got 17 on set too, I mean, I can't possibly get less than 12 times. 12 reps. You know you're hungry when you're a burps, so I'll say, I've, you feel in the wrist after inhaling them. Good, so excited. And I this is not happening it's Yeah. Oh. Oh. It's all over back. You got her back doesn't feel it. Fuck this. If you watch how that guy was doing earlier, you see how he was his whole body was doing. He was like a deadlift and he was finishing a deadlift with a little upright row. Oh. Oh. That's the trick. Get your forward more. Still, it's still all over back. Anyway, I was going to take it easy on upper back today because it's been sore. Oh. Yeah. Twenty. Two light. You always got to put down what your settings are because I didn't remember what my settings were last time. It's now I'm going to know for next time because 22 reps with one 50. That's some bullshit. What a waste of the set. I do have a pump though after one set though. So the reason why I think it's bullshit is I don't need to do 20 reps to feel my packs. I might need to do 16, 15, 17 reps to feel my lads. But if I can feel my packs from 5, 6 reps, that's still too dangerous to have you for someone my age. I should go as heavy as I can without getting joined pain, which would be 12 reps is easily a safe rap range for me. It's ironic that planet fitness is the only gym that considers what someone who's lifting weight actually needs. The machines counter reps. They have a timer on them to tell you how many reps minutes it's been since you're set ended. There's a hook. Just stick to your drink on. And there's a ledge to put your phone on. These fancy machines don't have any of those things. They don't take into consideration what you're actually doing when you work out. You do have an intro workout drink. You do have a phone to keep track of your log. 15, at 180. So I'm also out of runway on this machine. Next week I'm obviously going to do the full maximum because if I got 15, the 10 ultimate setting, this is why Jeremy said the machine is too light. This because he does it first. I'll do it first next week. Then I'll move it to position two. We'll wait another two minutes. That dude's struggling. He's a bad muffo. He's got the prison strut. He's ready for a back loading. No, I don't think I'm in. Oh man. Oh man. No, man. I love you, force. Oh man. 9 9 fucking alright so I went up to three sets and I went to four sets, but on Saturdays I'd use six sets because I don't get sore from four sets and I've got, till Tuesdays before I hit it again. Plus this gym is the only gym that has more than one decent chest machine. It's got amazing chest machines. Like these three machines are fucking the best chest machines anywhere. So I'm hitting my incline close to get upper chest and triceps, inner head triceps. Then I hit close grip flat, which gets more medial upper, more like this fiber, rather than this fiber, this more like this fiber, and I'm getting my whole trice up. Then I do the panata, close grip, gets all the trice up, and then I do the deep part, which gets the chest and the stretch and the position, but it also gets the triceps again. Then tomorrow's trice up day. This isn't even trice up day. Oh, we're up. We're up. We're up. We're up. We're up. We're up. We're up. We're up. We're up. We're up. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. gj Where the hell did I be? Woof! Thought about it or nothing so fun I would kill you And hide behind I thought I was either getting fondled or having a stroke, but in a sense it was water getting between my belt and my lap. I got 2020, 2020 so far. I don't think I did that that good on Tuesday. Ooh! Big stenders. And I was sore for the first time in like for over. For a bird. For a movie's at front. For a bird. For you, tell me, got rid of else. I wanted to think I saw the bath from you. If he, I hope he died in there if he's in there just so long. Then I'll feel bad. To be with me. Good. Mmmm! Mmm. Ahh. Huh.? Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. There we are. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You're sorry. Sorry. You're sorry. Yeah. Oh. You're sorry. Oh. Yeah. Yeah Yeah give me the f to know All right. We're all done with the workout part and now it's time to pull it. We're all done with the workout part and now it's time to work. We're all done with the workout part and now it's time to work. We're all done with the workout part and now it's time to work. We're all done with the workout part and now it's time to work. We're all done with the workout part and now it's time to work. We're all done with the workout part and now it's time to work.

Worry! You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. So we're here at Umbra. Hi my favorite gym in Michigan right now. Our TV is really great too. Totally different vibes. I love some of the equipment here. I love the music and our TV and the energy, but this one like RTB is probably the only two gyms in the state where you can record and film. In fact courage at the action we have a tripod and stuff and they have sick posing room just like RTB does. So we're here today to do arms and legs. I'm going to focus on Tricep Bicep Super Sets. Two pairing and I'm going to do the usual hamstrings, adductors, leg extensions and then I'm going to do two sets rather than my one set of a squat variation. Also, them 12 weeks out right now. So we're done with the first super set. I'm going to try to remember what I did just now. 180 for 20 slash 34 18 19 and then the next set was 180 for 18 and then it was 30 for 10 9 and then it was 180 for 12 plus 5 comma 34 5 plus 5. I'm going to get my Vulcan and then we'll get started with the second super set. Arms now it's on the legs. I have a beginning sore so I added an extra rest pause set to my hamstrings. I've added an extra press set to my quads. I added an extra rest pause set to both biceps and triceps. Both exercise is I'm adding a third set to add ductors and I'm going to add rest pause to calves. One rest pause set to calves. On chest I'm going from one exercise with three sets to two exercises with two sets and on lat I'm going up to I believe nine sets of back. So I'm adding volume to everything except I'm adding I'm going to be adding a high next to rest pause sets of both middle and rear delts. So pretty much everybody parts getting an extra set this week because I'm so ahead of schedule. The medium days have been starting coming up the low days are staying low. So I think that we're at that point where I'm going to start doing this with the calories because the gear is so much higher now that it was up when it was over here and then as the more gear gets added in and I start introducing a rest of the Volkary I'm still going to burn fat and I'm going to make progress probably. So I expect that I will refill whatever glycogen fullness I've lost. Maybe I'm going more to chew and micro-scopic amounts but really it's about filling out the quads the chest right now because everything else is pretty full. I forgot I'm doing two exercises the fact that I did the five sets because I did three with two rest pauses on that I forgot this this fucker God dammit well we're going to see what over training does totally forgot what I was doing and I told you guys what I was doing first too. Oh shit like you can do it in the hall. You're still still tight. Look how creepy this pimonculus of a human supposed to be look how creepy that is. Her head doesn't match her forearms or her humorous her humorous in the forearms or weird lanes her hands don't match her elbow size like her wrists is bigger than her elbow and though weird expression on her face it's like a baby giving birth to itself and you're not going to get the hamstrings with your knees bent like that. I mean you should but it doesn't really feel like it. Look at how this is arranged. It turns this is supposed to be comfortable but your legs articulate here and there's this thing in the way so there's no way to see like if your feeder up here it actually is comfortable but you're not going to get your adductors you're going to go down here for your adductors but then there's this in the way so what you're going to do is scoot all the way forward like this so that 8 plus 2 on the second set I think I got 17 here 150 was way to have me I felt like I was going to rip something once again that's why you should never listen to Paul Carter it's because 4 to 6 reps I'd be ripping shit out of the I've torn this growing twice this group set of the growing three times this hamstring five times this hamstring twice do I've never torn anything doing sets of 15 or 20 so this whole 46 reps is more hyper trophic if you're 11 if you're like 5 foot 11 150 pounds and you're lifting with less than your body weight go ahead do sets of 5 but if you're using gear or your over 40 or you even remotely strong you're going to tear your shit right off the bone no you People realize how much harder it is when you do the stretching at the end. Oh my god, 25 reps is so much harder than it sounds. I've been on the rest of the ball three, a quarter dose, one capsule out of the four, appropriate capsule for my body weight for three days. I have lost three pounds and I smell like a trucker. I don't even recognize my own body odor. It's disgusting. I can't believe women like the women smell because it is disgusting. I put on the odor and you saw me put on the odor and weird. So we need a small intermission while we collect our forces to do the main event. Oh my, I forgot my fucking ear apps. God damn, I don't want to have to walk all the way back on their mother. If you were a thud you go to the gym to exercise. You can't walk across the gym. All right, I got to go pee and get my new raps. What a pain in the butt. God damn, you all do one warm upset while I'm here. You all do one warm upset while I'm here. You all see said it's all about the angles. So that's why I use two heel wedges and that bitch. So there ain't no glutes. It's all quad because at least for classic you want the tiniest waist and glutes possible to your quad and let's look that much bigger. Plates last time, which was too much and I actually hurt my knee a little bit, which is a really pathetic thing to say. But it's true. Now I have a special track for squatting. It's always my squat music. No matter what, always. It felt so light at first and they got so heavy after some. It's all quad. I didn't feel any hamstrings. There's no any glutes. It was all quad. It's so humiliating to be on camera, struggling with just little weight. But I mechanically disadvantaged the quad so extensive. I'm doing little stuff you can't see either. Like I'm internally rotating the humorous. I'm pushing down with the big toe like this and trying to spread the floor apart while pigeon pigeon towing my feet on the press. Doing everything you're not supposed to do to be as strong as possible to deactivate the hamstrings, deactivate the glutes, deactivate this part of the quad thigh. So it's all this doing the work. Just like if you saw when I was doing the leg extensions, I was rotating at the top. That's how I was doing this spot right here. Like all of your type, puratory PhDs with the exception probably is retail. I'm going to say that's wrong. It doesn't matter if you feel it. All that matter is to see it load on the bar. Five reps, three reps from failure. That's what the study show with 135 pound 20 year old children never lifted before. Shilled no improvement with 20 reps, sets over five reps, sets. But none of that applies. You probably anyone watching this video. So I'm like the leading scientists who say that are anybody. So it's like why would anyone listen to them? It's like taking stock tips from a homeless person. Like Brad Shownfeld has a lot of research. But Brad Shownsoil looks like you break in half in a stiff wind. Not that I'm the biggest guy, but for fuck's sake, if you're going to be a researcher about hypertrophy, use your research and be credible. That would be like imagine if someone was a steroid expert and they were 150 pounds to five a lot, but we also make any sense. No one would listen to that guy. Like why would you listen to the hypertrophy experts if they're built like girls? It doesn't make any sense. Obviously the exception of this would be girls, but I don't know if any hypertrophy PhDs are girls. Ella scientific snitch. She's pretty much equivalent to a PhD in any field. She chooses to look at for 30 minutes. She's smart enough to outdo all the professors in their own subjects with an half an hour of research. She's so fucking smart. So if Ella was saying something, then I'd listen, but all of these dudes that have 12 inch arms, not that I've got the biggest arms, but still, if it's like an adult man with 12 inch arms, I'm not going to single fucking thing and says I don't care how many PhDs he has about how to lift weights. That's just fucking insane. And at the idea of the acidity that they're going to say that more than five reps doesn't work, it's just stupid. Again, it's being penny smart dollar stupid. If you get hurt, you can't train at all. So you're always safer with 12 to 20 reps than you'd ever be with less than 12 reps. You never more likely to tear something with 12 reps and you would with five. That's never going to happen. So you could say that I'm overcompensating for inferiority complex that I'm basically rationalizing why I'm using such lightweight. But I was doing eight plates at a hacksquat for 12 before I listened to Paul Carter's 46 rep bullshit and went to eight reps and hurt my quad right before prep started. So all prep I've been playing defensive with legs three times a week, three sets of leg extensions. First, to start with one press sat every seven days, then it was one press set every five days, then it was one press set every two days, now it's two press sets every two days. And had I never listened to them, buddy. And I just did what I knew was right, I probably would be doing eight plates in the hacksquat for 20 reps by now. My legs are probably three inches wider, like they were the offsies. But when you listen to the scientists that don't have muscles, what you get is hurt because I don't have any common sense that heavier the weight more gain薪 and five reps is always being薪. This is no matter how good your form is. I think that was 13 or 14 reps. A lot of Paul Carter's information is good and I've never seen him training legs though. So let's try the most important thing I ever say is, don't ever listen to that guy. I especially want to come to the rep range. If you could be that wrong about one thing, can't really trust anything that says about anything else. Now the person he takes his information from Chris Beersley, that's a smart guy. It was his graph that he made. Well, I don't know if it's accurate or not. They convinced me the three times a week training was better than two times a week. But the logic is this, let's see you're doing six sets a week. You have to admit that if you're doing three sets twice a week, the third sets worse than the second set and certainly worse than the first set, right? So you get two first sets a week. You do three times three training sessions a week, two sets each and seven and two third sets, two first sets and two second sets. You have three first sets, three second sets and no third sets. So you're just going to have higher performance for the same amount of volume. So if you can recover in forty-aours, train forty hours. So we're done with quads. Now we've got calves. And then we got abs and we got posing. And it's been four hours and 15 minutes as well as new. And it's been five reps. He even says doing five reps is better for calves than doing 20 reps. And anytime I go 10 reps on calves, I feel extreme pain in my Achilles tendon. Doesn't make any sense. Why would you ever do some do something in her's theological? They're going to argue that you progress in strength faster with five reps than you do with 15 or 20 reps. Who gives a fuck? The goal isn't to get stronger to get bigger muscles. Strength increase is a byproduct of hypertrophy. If you train for strength, you will get stronger faster due to neuromuscular adaptations. It doesn't result in the muscles getting bigger faster. That's when you get hurt and you will. Now you have to take time off. And if you tear some in bad enough, there's scar tissue. And you're going to look worse on stage. Now if you're a power lifter, never do more than five reps. But if you're not a power lifter, you're not a fucking utriding for strength for it. It's not going to help you move furniture. You're not going to punch people in the face of any harder. And in fact, hypertrophy training is more functional than strength training. Because power lifters, they accumulate a skill. Neuromuscular adaptation where you're able to contract all of your two x fibers simultaneously is skilled at having. So if you're stronger at the bench press, it doesn't mean you're going to be stronger at the squat or something. With power lifting, it's all specificity based, which means it's skill based with hypertrophy training that's not the case. That out stronger muscles, just a stronger muscle no matter what you do with it. So that whole thing about functional training is retarded. Nothing's more functional than hypertrophy training. It's just as usual, the science-based people don't have a fucking science degree. They don't know how to read a study. They don't get the perspective. They don't want to see the validity. Today is the first day in months that it's actually got hard. I think it's because I forgot to take my matcy this morning. I don't like who one million matcy every day. And I have unlimited energy today. I'm fucking exhausted. Even though the squats weren't hard, doing two sets, white me the fuck out for these calves. I know that this is going to sound like a bitch thing to say, but I'm like, I don't know where I'm going to find the energy to do the abs and the pose. I know I will, but this is my first time where I felt doubt in the middle of a workout since the off season when I wasn't using the matcy. It's funny you could be eating all those carbs and they're not going to actually help with energy if they're just turning into fat because you're in some sensitivities poor. All these motto-condule up regulators really make it effort. It's kind of embarrassing, because like you don't want to say that you rely on peptides or antibiotics or shit like that. You like to think that you're conservative or you're being health conscious, you're playing it safe by using less stuff as well as you know. Your productivity goes up through the roof when you do everything right. So I mean if I was going to say like the most important shit that isn't like test in GH, it might be Thomas Sarton, Reddit, TUTE and probably MOTC and fucking GAMCHANGERS, GHKCU if you don't want to get older. GHKCU is like a great adjunct to GH for longevity or vitality, I guess, is the proper term. Oh shit, that's rough. How you see gets abspasm, it's actually one set. Now I can get through three, I can do in these like three times a week round. That's not such a week. All right, posing time. I'm so thirsty. I didn't drink enough water during this workout or before I can grab it. Great news. I'm not partnered with Talon Wellness. That will get you your medication delivered to your home. So there's nothing that changes on your part. All you do the same thing. You get the consult with me. Link is in the description box and I take care of everything. It's just that now it is now a different HRT clinic and the lab process is going to be even smoother. The prices will also be lower than they were with the previous HRT company. So this is all good for everyone. You'll love it. Click the link in the description box. Set up your consult today and on with the show.

Hurry! You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. I'm trying to do this for the right weeks. When I come back next Saturday, it's the right week. 90 on the planet was so heavy I didn't feel any of the right sides of the last three reps that 70 was perfect. So if I get 15 with 70, I'll just go up to 75. Today, I'm this 140 was the perfect weight. I got 12 on it, so I'll try to get 15 if I start with that. And once I get 15, I'll go up five pounds. Well, the next question is, do I want to do the prime? I guess I should do the prime. You should do the prime. I'll go up five pounds. I'll go up five pounds. I'm looking for some of the blackheads, but I'm actually going to a lot of traps in this. So I'm not going to fuck with my grip because if I may have to hit my lats, my rhombides and my traps with one grip, I'm going to machine. This is like a perfect finisher. We're done with back now. I didn't weigh too many sets that I do like 12 sets, but now I know exactly what I want to do when I come this gym. Now I'm going to try these chest machines out. Normally I do like three working sets for chest, but there's more chest machines than there are back machines, which is ridiculous if you think about it. Because the back is like seven or eight muscles, lower lats, upper lats, people argue that that's not two different muscles that are wrong. That's like seeing the delts when muscle is seeing the lats when muscle. There's your rhomblides, your lower traps, your middle traps, your upper traps. That's four, that's six already, weird lats, seven. So there's this chest machine, this chest machine that's two. There's this chest machine and this chest machine. Feel like trying this one first. I'll like right from the start it's perfect. It's fucking amazing. Perfect. The first thing I did was I'll try this up and then after I had knocked out my triceps I was able to stretch up my chest, obviously it's super lightweight, but I didn't really rest after last machine. The other thing that you'd just try this up, this hit my triceps amazing, then when I went to this it was still triceps. Yes it is just a, but every chest exercise I do is still the primarily trice up workout. That's why on my volume, this is 18 plus nine. Plus nine is because at least nine of my sets for lats are at the week, I really try up and lats and I want you to three sets of chests, but since they're all pressing they're all trice up and chest and I leverage the triceps and upper chest. Okay. I think we're done with chest. I figured out what machines I like. Well look at this. So how much give there is? You can't do both arms at the same time. You never get the bottom 15 degrees. So what I do is I brace here like this. Now there's tension at the very bottom. She only has two half as many reps. It doubles the weight that for a 15 degrees. Now I'm focused on taking the full rest. Well, the power lift is your here. Time to show off how we're not strong. All right. You never get a burn like that in your middle delts on half the fucking lateral machines. If you use this machine wrong in the right way then it works fucking amazing. Oh man there's that much give fuck. Why do they do that? Why is there that much give? What the fuck? So let's use this now. Fuck. All right. Look at this shit. What the floppy shit is this? To the engineers like loose pluses and why the fuck would they like loose machines? Doesn't make any fucking sense. Great news. I am now partnered with Talon Wellness. Talon Wellness will be able to provide you your medication. So you get your consult with me. I will review the blood work you got through M&M Labs and Talon will be the HRT clinic that will get you your medication delivered to your home. So there's nothing that changes on your part. All you do the same thing. You get the consult with me link is in the description box and I take care of everything is just that now it is now a different HRT clinic and the lab process is going to be even smoother. The prices will also be lower than they were with the previous HRT company. So this is all good for everyone. You'll love it. Click the link in the description box to set up your consult today and on with the show.

Hurry! You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. So I'm all set for arms. Now I'm going to do mobility stuff and then do legs. That's just like doing legs three times a week. It's not much of a leg workout. It's just enough to get them slightly sore. To hang on to them, launch and prop. I mean, it's not like I'm going to be growing legs right now. I might grow arms because they're small muscles. Doesn't take a lot to grow an arm. These are a lot of stimulus, but this is going to be a lot of nutrition. But if you can easily lose your legs if you over-trained on prop. So by doing three times a week, I'm doing a three sets of leg curls. I would normally do three sets of adductors and one set of press. But even that press is a cluster set. But today I kind of want to try out. I thought I wanted to try to bunch a different if you did equipment. I don't think I want to. I think I'm going to try out a pendulum squat and their power squat. But I'll try loosening up with the leg extension. My lower back is fucked right now. I don't know what happened to it. When is that ever happened? You got the scoop around top rather than buried in the ship. So this might badl mean the intro work I developed on the lids. I mean everything's wet but nothing works. I can make the sexist choke play. I don't think any more trouble than Maria. Alright, death all I better. I thought my backpops. That probably was what it was. That was too heavy. Wow, 60 was too heavy. So it's funny. My goal was to one set on each piece of equipment. But this is hitting so hard and so good. I almost don't want to roll the dice on anything else. I got to work so it's already. And I feel like I've got I haven't got it just right yet. I think setting to in 50 pounds. That's going to be the sweet spot. We're never going to make it home for food. Do you want to stop and get sushi in the way? Okay. Because it is my medium game. I'm able to actually have food today. I could just like get three rolls. And that might actually fill me up enough for the car right home. This is so weird. It's so heavy. But it's heavy in like a good way. Like it's not heavy at the bottom. It's like perfect. Heavy. I'm sorry, medium. Medium heavy. Heavy. Medium heavy. Heavy. Heavy. Medium heavy. Medium. So you don't feel like you're going to tear anything. But you can get a full contraction. And so you can't. And then you're just fucking done. Alright. I still feel like I have to try this machine. Oh, this looks like it's going to be awesome. I feel like I'm on a ride. Oh my god. This is so good. It was like no weight on this. It feels amazing. Oh. You're doing it. You're doing it. You're doing it. Oh, I need to. You need to. You need to. You need to. You need to. You need to. You need to. You need to. You need to. You need to. You need to. You need to. You need to. Holy shit. I was a perfect set of 15. I just guessed. I guess in all the settings. I guess in the way. Perfect set of 15. I think I got like 16.1. I think I got a little bit of a 16th rep. That is one of the best. That is the best one I could ever use. He met his way. He went to best. See the hamstring. So remember how I said. I'm not coming here for arms and legs. I'm clearly coming here for legs. I guess maybe I'll sit arms on the way. And then I'll come here after arms. I'll hit arms in the morning. Come here. Hit legs of night. Does that arm work? I kind of sucked. Maybe I was just too hungry. Get in there. There you go. Wow. This is too like though. But this is still going to warm up the knees a little bit. I don't like how this flaps around on my ankle. I like the depth that I get. I got the stretch. But I don't like how it flaps around my ankle. I'm getting there bitch. Definitely not easy to use this one. I'm not loving this machine. It's not bad but I don't like how flaps around my ankles. I want to try to pet between here and here. I don't want it on my foot. I would say that this on a one to ten even though you can get super deep. The ankle thing makes it down from a ten to like a three. Now for a taller person. This is probably like a ten. Let's try the other one. Oh that's nice. Oh that's so much more comfortable. The other one is so uncomfortable and they ain't cool. I'm going to try and get the other one. I'm going to try and get the other one. I'm going to try and get the other one. I'm going to try and get the other one. That's it. The two sets here once at there. Technically I have met my quarter for quads and ham. Normally I should be doing a ad dr before quads. Now I'm going to turn these shoes into better squat shoes. This is from squat university. This is the medium verset wedge. This is the heavy verset wedge. Heavy verset wedge goes on the bottom. It creates a much steeper slope and these shoes are already have a hole through them. Notice there's already a three inch gradient. I've also got the soles from squat universities. They've vanished to these reboxes. These are Nike's. They don't have narrow ass feet. All the squat shoes are made from narrow ass feet. People make sure wonder what kind of people by squat shoes. None of them figured out. GH makes your feet wider. It's like all the science is done on natural people. That's why it's useless. Like that four to reps, four to six rep full shit. That would only be useful on natural people. Let's see here. I'll get my head out. Where is it coming from? What the oh it's that. Not gonna lie even with a little bit of weight. Even with no weight. It's still uncomfortable. I've 46 years old. I don't think chances. It'd be very hard to do a cluster set on this because it's so much time to rack it. If you only get 10 seconds between micro sets, there'd be no way to rack it. You can stand up with it, but they're not really relieved yet in that much tension. So I'm better off going for one straight set. I know what you're thinking. You're thinking this motherfucker's not gonna grow any legs. Doing three sets of leg extensions and one squat at some machining press. You're right. But it's three times a week. So I really do in 12 sets, not four sets a week. Are you doing 12 sets? All right. Those are 11 reps. Which is pretty pathetic if you think about it, but boy did I feel it all right here. It was all under a squat. Didn't feel anything here. Didn't feel anything here. Nothing here. Nothing back there. It was literally all right here. So I could go for another set. But honestly, priority one is not being sore on Sunday and fucking up my second work. So I did three sets of leg extensions of failure. One of them was beyond failure because I did a rest boss. And that was very near failure. Maybe I had one more rep in me. And I want to keep going. I want to go for another set. I could do another set. But I might not be fully recovered by Sunday. And that's gonna negatively affect my logbook, which means I'm gonna have to reload Sunday. So is it worth it to get one more set today in those three sets on Sunday? No. So if I under did it today, probably not, but if I did, that's okay. Because I know exactly what I did. I can do more next time. I do legs here. So I like the hamstring machines here. I like that leg extension machine. I like this squat press. Now let's go try that add up here. So this is in the way. What's the point of this thing? Oh. Is that over estimated it? It was too late, and I jumped too many pegs, and it was too heavy. And ergonomically, it's made for you to do this. It's not made for you to do it the way I was doing it. But the problem is when you do this, I'm not really getting your add up. You know, a whole bunch of shit. See if you're add up just yet, because you're like something like this. Yeah. That's add up just. So rest three minutes and go for one good set. I'll leave you two sets of these three times a week, because I tore my groin at the end of the offseason. I've always doing three sets every five days. I was doing four sets of hamstring, three sets of add up. There's three sets of like extensions, two sets of. The presses either. Hacks it was hack squats specifically every five days. And the best leg progress in my life. Then I listened to Paul Carter and he said to do at most eight reps. So I took the safety band off the hack squat machine. And I was doing sets of eight. And I started doing sets of ten or twelve. Not sets of like eight, but since it's like ten or twelve, we can hamstrings. Start doing sets of twelve with add up. I didn't chip all the way to his crazy four to six shit. But I was like, I can go from two on either twelve reps. Tear, tear, tear, tear. So no, I didn't chip all the way to the four to six bracket. I didn't even jump into eight. So I feel it's my public duty to warn people. If you're over 40, if you're strong or if you've ever used gear, do not listen to Paul Carter, but the four to six reps. So I feel it's my public duty to warn people. If you're over 40, if you're strong or if you've ever used gear, do not listen to Paul Carter, the four to six reps shit. I'm not saying that anything else he says is false. But the four to six reps is bullshit. If you're on gear, your muscles grow so much faster than attendance. That, yeah, some natural guy this four to six reps with a certain weight. And in hand, sky might be doing twelve to twenty with that weight. You don't see any of the pro body, but there's other than the tearing, shruff and doing four to six reps. So we're done here. Now that you see it, calves and donkey cap machines right there. If I don't do calves after you lugs, I get plantar fesiatas. It's busy. It's full hook. Oh, we got some room. We got lost room. All right. That's too much. There. This looks like I can get up to about eight hundred fifty pounds on this. It started with six hundred and seventy from my warm up sat. Let's see. A little deeper. Right after I tell you not to do four to six reps, I guess six reps. But that's different because I just got twelve reps to set before. It's not like my prime set was four to six reps. That's this in count if it's your second son. I'm going to give it a full three minute rest. I think that was twelve reps. In my experience of bass sets are twenty to twenty five. Obviously I just went with what was on the machine and went to failure three times. You're first in the gym, you're just feeling shut out. So I'm not going to cap this as a loss. Great news. I am now partnered with Talon Wellness. Talon Wellness will be able to provide you your medication. So you get your consult with me. I will review a blood work you got through M&M labs and Talon will be the HRT clinic that will get you your medication delivered to your home. So there's nothing that changes on your part. All you do the same thing. You get the consult with me. Link is in the description box and I take care of everything. It's just that now it is now a different HRT clinic and the lab process is going to be even smoother. The prices will also be lower than they were with the previous HRT company. So this is all good for everyone. You'll love it. Click the link in the description box to set up your consult today and on with the show. I'm with the show.

You're watching Dr. Todd Lee TV where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. All right here. So it goes upper lower upper lower upper lower pretty simple. 18 sets of fat, six sets of upper back, nine, 18 sets of direct triceps. And then nine of these halves like pressing. That's from pressing or straight arm. So like I'm pulling, I get hold of it. Straight arm pull on. And then 18 for biceps. And then these are the deep prioritize nine packs, nine hams, nine min adults, a doctorous quads, right weird, right weird out, yeah abs, calves. Okay. So that's how it's laid out. So it goes priority one is lads, so it's a day one. Party two is arm. So I go triceps by some triceps. Blasin. Blasin. Blasin. Triceps. Triceps. Yeah, yeah. I got this. I got this. All right. Because the only thing we did is we added a day. Yeah, I did a day. I meant I found a little match. It might need to come out. Okay. Because I added the day and I put in the my own matches. So we went from 80 to 1. That's to 129 sets. But when I actually come all the way down, I'm pretty sure it's sleep schedule. It's just a bit difficult. And when I count all of my times, I go to failure. It's 420. So when from 81 to 40 to 40. So that was, I said, like, I think I think that volume. I think I think the issue is with these myomatches, right? So I'm going to show you the myomatches. So Friday, go sleep. It came in a training way. No food or sleep. It's 20, it's 60 for 20. And this is 60 for 15 in the 50 for 19. Yeah. So the elbow was on fire. Yeah. So I was going lighter on the elbow. And the knee, I was doing any pressing. But this day, you didn't sleep for you. Right. And so let's get a good day going, right? So Saturday. How do you feel? Fine. Because I've been sleeping eight hours now. Yeah. I usually wake up. I have one meal and go in. I get okay performance. If I wake up, I have two meals. I get better performance. The antitrawl, I get really good performance, right? So like Saturday is a good example. Because there's only two sets for four exercises for band. Yeah. So you can see it goes 12 plus one. Then 13 with a drop set. This one, 13, 12 plus one. Then 16 now is a fucked up one. Then 12 and 12. I have just dropped the weight a little bit. This is also negative weight. So I didn't really have any myomatch reps. So I've progressed from negative 70 to basically the same thing as my weight drop. And then seated row, went from 120 for 12. I'm now 1114. 111 plus one. So this is a huge job. Yeah. Because this straight arm pulled down went from 75 for 12 to 80 for 12. I alternated that. So I'm on one. And then two and three. Then four is the bad side. You want to sit right now? Not at all to say. It's harder with I don't feel shit on the right side. I feel the left lat can check all the way. Whether it's your leg fibers, a lumbar fibers, a thoracic no problem. This is thoracic fiber. Some of the lumbar fibers never the lumbar fibers. Um, now another day is it's a shit show. Like Sunday, the Vulcan Shri Set. 15 reps there. 18 19. I went up on that day. Overhead. That was hurting my elbow so bad. I had to go later. And then with a dumbbell preacher that went from 10 30 for 40 team. Now a mat 30 for 15. So I'm going up even though I'm doing the math trips on some of these days. Yeah. We look at the day like Wednesday. And it's a total shit show. You look at like the way they call your arms. Wednesday and like yeah. So the liebacks. I'm high purpose. 45 for 16 to 20. And then I ended with 45 for 15 today. But I used to do that for 60 before the elbow started going back. But I was going down. Now I'm going like best with that. So that doesn't count. Because I'm getting more long. I'm getting more long here. You know, Brett had his curls. I do the Brett drill 27 for 16 to 17 right here. It's 15 to 17. So we're not really going down. So I want to I hate taking a mile mat trips. Oh, but I wanted you to look at it and tell me because I know I'm doing mostly that. I'm going to go with the time left for the show. Yeah. I mean, I think the my I think the my o matching could help you later in prep. Okay. Like it could come back. I think the my o matching is better for when you might not be able to handle them all you. So we drop a set and then do. So we went to do three sets. We do two sets. My own match. But that's how I got this. I went from four sets to three sets. My own match. And then we look at like the hamstrings. And that's where shit starts going off the rails. I'll this idea I do loaded today, but like it'll be like six to and two six to and two. Yeah. And so I think it's the third set doing two or three rust closets getting four reps and waiting 30 seconds and getting three reps and waiting for them to then two reps and waiting three. Then one wrap just accumulating those. That just fucking varies me. That's a lot of fatigue. Yeah. And then two sets it wouldn't be a big deal. I got 12 and 11 plus one. But if it's 15 and 10 plus five, then five plus five plus four plus two. It's too much. All right. So do we want to take out all the my o match or do you want to leave the one mile match on the second set but drop it on the third. Get rid of it on the third. Leave it on the second. Yeah. Yeah. That's how I would do it right now. Because I think it's good. I think I like the my o matching. I like the rest pausing. I like all that because I think that's actually what keeps muscle tissue. Right. Right. Well, especially I mean elbow and the knee. You need it because you can't get a 7 with this leg. And this leg I can get 12 because I have to go so light that it doesn't hurt. But the knee so it actually recovers. So I'll go 12. Three. Two to get 27. So I'm trying to just have the right match the lot. That makes sense. And then I've been the same thing with this elbow. This elbow is almost completely better. Thanks to Bridge for that. Pushup. The knee is almost completely better. You're tricking using five or four milligrams to be 500. I only do it after leg day. And then now I don't have to use it at all. Yeah. And I'm doing every other leg day. I'm doing a cluster set on a press with very little weight. So four rest three breath and that amount of more. So it goes up to 24 reps with a weight I could do 16 times. And I'm doing it every other leg day for 75th day. And the knees recovering. I'm doing the front wheels. Yeah. And the quad pumps amazing. Yeah. But I feel like a pussy though because I'm not using any weight. Yeah. But it's different. It's just not about stress. Yeah. I want to say Jordan said it best. You trained in all rep ranges. Michael Jordan said he's doing these. I'm doing these. All right. So what do you want to start with? Well, I do want to go through some of the backs up. All right. So my number one go to highest as a far is straight arm. Let pull that. All right. I'm going to take it off. I don't think too much. So I can pro-treat and pull down. Or I can just do what feels natural. There. One time. Yeah. That's right, guys. That's right, back here. Oh, for sure. All right. I got it. Put your heel on that. All right. Now I actually made these swatches. I'll show them to you later. They look like I turn them in the swatches. I just involved swatches. And then I put versus matches in to these. And I can shop it. And then they actually are going to be four inches. That is going to be a must not only for a little more. Can we get a little closer? I'm not going to feel it. It is firing? Yeah. No. It's like I can feel twitching. No, dude. I can feel this. Like this is firing. No, if I can track my abs. I'm still like a feeling. All right. But I feel it better if I do that. No, you need to do this better. Now I put my thumb in here. That's a lot of elbow. It's now my arm. Head of my triceps. If I take it out. Try to bend your elbow less. More strength. Yeah. I don't look like welcome for the bad. I do that feel. All right. A lot. That feel different. I can't feel it. But if you feel it is firing. You got hurt there. What? I know. Hey, do you want to feel this? See if it is the same. I can feel that much better. I got to feel that well. Well, huh? That feels nice, dude. That doesn't. No, that's like that's your thumb. Better. So here's my thumb. Maybe my right side stronger. So I feel the left because if it eat well weight, it's heavier to the left. Yeah. So let me do it. I'm going to try to have your weight. I'm going to try it. At some point my elbow hurts so bad. I can't do it. So I can either do 25 reps or do it later in the workout. But now the elbow is feeling better. And at some point the shoulder takes over. Yeah. I'm just trying to keep this straight. You know that. You know, you're just contract art. Like this has been dragged in hard. Now if I approach, I act. Now the way I used to do is like this. Now the idea of you do this now we're getting like too much candy. And then if I do this, my calves would say my rib cage is bigger than calves in subjects. I think if I do this. Then I get a lot more tries. So straight on. I think like your end position. I think your army to be fair. So here. Yeah. Then it's so much elbow. Is it? Yeah. It's so much tries up an elbow, which is fine. I need try some. But then I lose my my muscles. I'm going to show you my last. This I can feel. Yeah. I do that. You know, another thing that's good on these is like right before you initiate the presser scapula. Okay. Not pro-truck. So contract at the top. But right before you re-engage, drop and then go. So you want me to go push. Yeah. And then pull. Okay. Like try it with this side. Okay. So pro-truck. And then it's like a depression and then then pull it through. So if I do normal, it's like this. I kind of feel a better normal. Which way? There you go. It's almost like it comes naturally on the left. All right. So do you want me to do more? To do a lot of these. Huh? You do have a lot of these. You think so? Like with your elbows and shit. Uh, I mean, There's a her shoulder movement after. And not too much. Maybe. Usually once it gets warm, but once I do one set of tries of extensions, you're fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. Nevermind. I usually put butcher bomb on it. I don't like injecting BPC in the tendons. Because then I get a plan from the BPC and you can do, I'm kind of trex too. Was that? It's like topical MSM and hyaluronic acid. Okay. It's really deep penetrating. It's like a thicker than the BPC. So I can mix it with the BPC. I'm going to try the butcher bomb in deeper. All right. I'm going to try. I'm going to try. Do you want me to do another set here? Right. So I did like a full back workout to fail. Like 10, 20 sets of failure when you kind of the mileage yesterday. Yes. Yeah. Yesterday morning, 36 hours ago, I feel painfully fine. Is this the load you want? I don't know. We'll find out. Never held up. Punner passes through heavy. Let's go 50 just so you can watch. See what it feels like. So notice where my elbow ang's is here. It doesn't go back like everyone else has touched. There's take a second. Let's try this. So hit right in here and then you're going to brace with this. And then when you come down, you're going to press first. And then pull. Like, alright. So this is your spine here. Come down out of the way. Alright. You're almost touching your spine. Yeah. I can't do that. I'm small now. It works really. He's just like, oh. You made me the same I do. Like, like, like, dry and dry. I'm going to hip into that. And you're braising hard about that. Push. Oh yeah. Or pull. You're going to pull. Yeah. This is far as we go. Fight. Supernate with your hand. Fight. Good. Alright. I feel enough. Do this can track. I could feel everything. But you see what my elbow is not coming all the way down. I mean, everybody's going to have it. I'll go and breathe. Just because like your human is assured. Ah, okay. Now this side comes all the way down. No problem. Like keep your supination like through the top even. Oh, here. Yeah. Oh, that's easy. Fight. Let's need to be full. It's a lot of elbow though. The supination? Yeah. That. If I come up like this from neutral to 45, I'm fine. Okay. If I try to get the supinated whole time, it's right there. Why is everyone bending over like this when they do it? Because somebody on the internet said to do a crunch. Because I get a little bit more left that way. But I get oblique shoe. And the goal is not to get oblique, but you need to go nicely. Right. So that by point is that we're trying to make a way smaller. Not leaning over is not the right way to do this. I mean, you're in nice and metric hold the whole time. But yeah. I think that's nice. So we got this done. That's actually a nice, that opinion. Yeah. It was boom, building stuff. They have that hammer strength like jungle gym. You can do the same thing on it. I know what I do at Westbone Field. They've got a side-backed shoe with two handles. And I can pull them down. Yeah. It's really nice. The Westbone Field. They're also do this. That double handle thing and weapon fields. I know. That's what I do at Millford. First they do the. I want the nice machines that moves a little bit. Oh, that's too light. Like I think we can end like a little bit like with your shoulders more depressed. Okay. You get on saying like I feel you're leaving a little bit at the top. We need where. Leading. I feel like you're leaving a little shortening. By not coming down with your like depressing or scapula food. So if I depressed my scapula down before I initiate with the. You're there and then now you're all that. What I'm doing is I'm starting with my last by pushing forward. Yeah. It's trying to isolate them. But then I can't suppress them at the bottom. You can't get this whole girdle down. Okay. So like here's like a good like get your like not under a good. Can you drop this down for me? Thank you. Yeah, like that. Like that. That's me. Yeah. This is also there's this is being leaning forward. Yeah. And then this is being doing natural. No, I feel more natural. You feel more here. Yeah, put it put it put it put your hand there. That's the last one you did. That's what. Yeah. I feel way better that way. But that's not the way your supposed to do it. So when I change everything the optimal is when all these problems started. When I do it instinctively, I can fire those muscles to smile. Yeah. All right. So pull ups. If I come in to narrow. That's too close. It's too close. Yeah. If it's supernated, it's my own. Yeah. Like okay. Here. What I think you should do to fix this is come in more. Oh. Are you sure? Yeah. Like what do you hear what ultimately you're trying to do with this is you're trying to get a lot of like Terry's activation. All right. You want me to come in and close. I'm in a little bit closer. Okay. And I think you'll feel it a little bit better here. All right. Stand behind me because I'm having feeling that my hands will be inside my elbow. Where my hands still outside my elbow. Oh shit. You were right. Which I shouldn't be surprised. But like I think if you're going to go away. If you're going to go lighter on these, that I'm not sure. I'm going to lighter. I want more thoracic extension. Then you're pretty much doing like a Terry's blow. But I do that with a roll anyway. Yeah. So that's why I've got you know, six sets with my little match on last. And then I've got two straight sets for a row. Yeah. Yeah. I think you're going to be in and that's it. Like I'd be like, yeah, right there. Like you're peeking at the break. So these are the four. Five. Six. Six. That's almost too heavy. Huh? That was too white. I thought it was too heavy. Because I didn't touch the top. I didn't touch the top. When I come up, I don't, I don't buy them out of the top. And I'll say, oh, I'm only counting the ones where I touch. I think I think even when you could do a little more, if you want, do it, get yourself a little extension. I think a little bit more tea's fine here. And I think you'll, I think you'll feel it even more. All right. Yeah. You're doing a job going up and down. But I think even from here, we're just a little little extension back. And I think you'll, well, okay. You made you a naturally. Yeah. Rather than trying to use just that. Little less, little less. Yes. When I do it that way, it's really light. Yeah. Little less, that's good. The feel better? Yeah. So, that's how I'll quick go. If I go that heavy, it's okay. Because I don't really count those reps if I don't touch. You can count them. All right. Fuck. I think it's like so much easier. All right. So I think you're not. You still stimulate. You're still going through the movement pattern. All right. So I also do this for lower back, because we don't have any deadlifts or hip ventures. Yeah. What do you do like an extension or something? Yeah. I do. One of this, what of is retails? Where they called? He mean them, but they're basically Arnold's. Like a lower back extension, oh, yeah. But you're like loaded with your arms. This is really light. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? I need. Because of these stupid things, I need help getting into this. There. All right. Oh that's really light. Yeah. So I'm about this and then I'll start there. There's a bullet, yeah. And the goal is so that my lower back doesn't actually fit. Yeah. But I don't want to build on my way, see there or my glutes. Because I think you would pre-action be doing hip engines. Okay. So what he's doing there, then got that dy-roll that hand-less-rain. I do that one because I feel my latch really good on that one. Just supporting. That's like almost like that, but that one's the little. Right. That one's super-native. They're both super-native. That one's just an extreme version of it. And then I do the T-bar on another day. You do a top or mayor. I go top on Milford to get the upper back. So I don't really think I need help with the rose because the upper back's probably coming along. It was just the lats. And the take home message is, fuck with the optimal people say. And you just contract your goddamn lat, which is common sense. So why hasn't it grown because I was wearing a belt this whole time? I don't know if it was that. I think part of the reason was I think you just got stuck with some of the operas too. Okay. So, alright, let's go close. I think it was that I think the belt, I think the belt hurts the lats to be honest. Right. So the combination of training like calves and using a belt is why my lats got smaller. Because I used to bend a little. Obviously, as Africa said, that what they fucking say, but I think it's also like, if you don't feel shit. What you told me in 2021, when Cooper started me on this ship, was you used to do 405 bent rose. Now you're doing 135. It doesn't matter how you do them. It's not the same thing. So are we, but I mean, I feel like I'm too old to be doing bent rose for 405. And my waist was just got bigger. Alright, do you want to see my T-BI-Rone time of the day guys done? I'm not a mother fucker. That's too soft, that though. Man, I've been sitting here so long. I figured you were coming down here anyway. You came there just for me. I feel so special. I feel loved. Are you not going to lift that? I said, eh? Yeah. Okay. I still can't lift my left side. Because of the pectare. I didn't mind five miles on today. Alright, chance to get you into that shit, huh? Yeah. Alright, this is probably going to be too bad for me. You're on, who is this too? It should be okay. I'll tell you right now, you get way more out of it during one day at a time. I usually go to, you say I should do one? Yeah. I especially have you're dealing with this. Put your butt back more. Yeah, problem with this is elbow comes out too much. Hey, you need this machine that does. It's elbow swinging too much out there. Your elbow wings too much out there. It's the machine. It's the machine. You got one of us to feel this to do that. Now, check and see if it's the same on the left. I think my right side wings more than my left side does. Yeah, it's the same thing. Like it. This comes out too far. It's like 90% Iraqi 10% Lumbar's Euro-Personile Aga. Alright. But don't you just receive? Yeah. Let's give this T-Bar in. You need to do like my child, like is it all? Like do the pull, lean up forward. I do it like C-Bum style. Was there enough scapular traction? Yeah, I think you're better with your feet on lower and lower. Normally I put a box there and you just stand. And I stand on it. That's ideal. And then they have the hoist at Milford, which is completely different than the Psycharium. The aquarium's great if you've got a box to stand on. The box is over there. I do it on a waste of time. And Milford, I just use one of those aerobic sector things that women use. Yeah, it works perfect. But my concern was if I was getting enough scapular traction, how you do? I don't know if it was any lat activation. A little bit. I mean you're here. This is all for back up. Yeah. I cannot find the one in no way. I can put two boxes down. Use that grip and get my last. That's the best. That's the best. Yeah, it is. I don't even know if I could hit it on this one. That feels good. You have good traction here. All right. So that's back. Is there some other body part you want to see on me, be trained it? Or do you feel everything else is on point? Is this their back, hopefully? Good. Your test is good. The test is only going to strong point. What's funny is my bench is down to 225. It used to be 315. I went I went I was 315 for Chetan. He had seen press of the throat. I re-learned from Cuba to bench like this. Now it's a tricep movement. Yeah. I pyramid it up this time up to 315 for 5. Couldn't get anywhere. It started going to 315 for 2. So I started going backwards. So rather than changing exercises it was hearing my elbow so much. I went to this grip and I started doing up a pire to 25. I'm getting 10. It started to go down even though I'm not using my own match. So I got 12. I'll show you my blood. You'd have always noticed pressing and dieting first thing to go. Right. Right. So with the dumbbells I was doing one 10 for 8. It started hurting. So I went 85 for 12. And I'm at 90 for 12. So for some reason pressing always goes with dieting. Yeah. I do not even cross the board. I'm cross the board. See I'm going to show you how I built these. So you know what how the problem with the squat chooses they got narrow ass toe boxes. They'll work. So if you use GH and you've got these have it feet that are like a size W. So these Nike's actually stretch and they got the the umple lumpa holes so you can look at tall figure holes. So I got those and then I put in a verse a wedge so I can stack these in here to change the pitch of the shoe. And then I put in the sole from the squat university squats you. So I can then jump and bring it as toe boxes. Yeah. I can't wear a spot you. And so over there. Right. And then there's no bell crow. So if you were to take a one and date they don't have it. You're married so this doesn't matter but for us it was having bell crow shoes it basically looks like you're retarded. Oh this is cool. I didn't know they had this here. Yeah this is brand new. Wesley Vister just told me about it ironically. I'll get there all here for the digital ground. Yeah. So that see how my lower back I can get it some activity there. And then I can come up here I can contract it come back and I can turtle back it or I can do ad contraction or I can spinal thoracic extension which looks like that's very start. Okay you're together. So you have a lot of options here we're not you. Oh you're looking at it. Yeah I've got that's how I see what I'm doing. Okay go ahead. So that's yeah. Well like I've found it at blind it would just look at this. Okay I can already see so many things. Okay do it blind again like that. First thing we're going to do is we need to get these forward more, more pressure. Yep and then we need to lift your sternum up. Right it's easy. It's starting a lot more. There you go. A little bit more with your shoulders forward. There you go. That looks really better. Is that more lats? Yeah then I can contract them or I can relax them or I can stretch them. So I'm going to tell you relax it and the problem with the stretching. Yeah we get more depth or we get more width when we move this right the balance of the tube. So if I do a vacuum and stretch it watch what happens. Okay but we're too flatline. Okay so you need me to arc back and dude how long can you hold the fuck of that before in a back hose? Where will that oh get 18 weeks to do it? We got 18 weeks the linear I get in the less you give me. The easier you don't get it. Well then there's a Chicago pro. There's we're not doing this guy or pro. Okay then there's the lendemary. That's an end of the octagon. Right but that's we could do two 12 masters and classic masters. That's an August. Or we can do classic and classic masters or you could do two 12 and two 12. So we don't have to hit the 177 threshold before we start competing. We could do the two 12s and then do once we're lean enough we do the classic. Yeah all right because I got posing music for both. See if I exhale she got my lads pop. Can you actually see that back in here from where you are? Yeah Kai. Okay but see how much can you tell if you get that last. Yeah but I'm going to take a picture of you from the side I'm going to show you what we're going to see. Go ahead we do it all that again. Okay like look at this so taking break look at how straight you are. Right we want me to lean back you need to come to my bar with her hips from you need to lean back from like I would say almost like you're a long martin. I can arc back with the lumber spine or I can hinge back at the head. No you need to arc back. Okay I can then you need to like you need to lift look it out of flat. Your chest is green and chest up. You got to lift your sternum more. That's yes and shoulders more forward there you go. Look at that. Swing better. We better. We better. All right I mean it had a call already. That's so much better. Should all of us forward more. Yes. Should all this forward. There you go. That's way better bro. So it's I have lads you have lads the whole time. I was supposed to rub. I'll do your double lads. All right that was way easier. I'll have to do it this way. It looks different. Do it again. Do it the other way. Was that what you did? I like that more. Let me show you. No I can also lean back a lot more than I've been leaning back. If you want to. No so I'm going to tell you what the pilot told me about that. Who was it? I had an ex-ozyc pro do Texas. He said we asked like you know how much I'm talking to. How do you get seven? He said he was leaning back too much to the point where now it was creating roles in his skin. To us at in the crowd it looked great but to then it looked terrible. You're at judging level. So that's why your lean was perfect with what we were doing. So here here. Yeah and then we see the shoulders looking more forward. All right if I go forward I can check my lads. Do you want them to attract it or not? Yeah like that. So contracted. Yep. And then back you. You don't have to back it. It doesn't help it. Now do we want the hand's higher? Your hand needs to be higher. Your hands low or no. Yeah. So 12 rib and yeah I mean you didn't look at your front lads. Yeah my front lads looks okay. Wait better just a little bit. So from here I'm going to do just a little bit. There you go. Which is ironic we're working all the poses that don't count. All right she wanted to work on someone's the do. That's my classic. This is my normal. I think it looks like shit. This looks like a better look at that. And then side chest. Let's get there. Oh that's probably probably pops from there. I don't know if I can't really change it. So there's a few different tweaks I can do. I can push with the toe. Then I lose everything. Careful with pushing too much with the toe because you'll lose your boot. Yeah that's what I'm saying. I can push with the toe and lose everything. Or I can come over it off center. Do you have any room there? No let's talk. Okay so then I get to see usually if I squeeze my boot. Because I think you could like if you're here like that's how you should you're almost too. I'm way over you have to try to quit more hamster. I'm over doing it. You need to be like just right like right there. Now you're at three you're at nine o'clock. If he's at six o'clock you're at nine o'clock. I try to shoot for I mean you're at three o'clock. I try to shoot for two o'clock so that when I rotate I pull it over into place. This is a retired bodybuilder. Right. So we're here. If I'm afraid better. Yeah so that one is three o'clock. Yeah all right. If you like to talk this too much you'll lose your hamstring. Okay. You're like coming too much forward. So you need to excuse this like back to go. Oh so that's too close. Okay. Yeah so there. It's uncomfortable now but once you've cracked well if I use the ball my foot I can support my balance a lot better and I'm collapsed over. I'm not open. Now I can flare my lat-hout and bring my arm out. That's because you can create this whole thing that works bad. All right. And little bit of like you want to be like look at your chest up over. Yeah and then I'm so focused on the lower body. Not even paying attention to upper body yet. All right. The lower and that and that you're like looking at it good and that. So I'm focused too much on the lower body because I mean I'm covered in fat right now so obviously you're not going to see the detail that I'm trying to bring out and I'm losing my upper body just trying to get the lower body there. It's a slight boost to be able to be able to do it. But you got to make sure these legs are together. I think one of the things we're doing like with your toes you're like almost a little too far ahead. Shoot for her. She won't get in here. Yeah like right there. I mean if you want to crack us a lower body you don't have to do the top. Yeah that was. The glutes will come in. There we go. Yeah. All right. That's not why we're having fun. No you're doing your abs and talking. That's okay. That's okay. Let's say. So I'm just saying you know that's like a mark down now and it's like what that happened by that is. They want a two hand over now. I mean no you could do it angle. Did I think of like fine? But that was something that they said. So I feel like if I could get this leg completely out at nine and I could get this leg. I mean this is a three and I could go this for seven. I could make this look a lot better. That would be a fucking great favorite classes too. Just like oh well this is gonna be my favorite. Yes that's awesome. With a vacuum. You know like this. She likes and then that's what my leg down. I don't like it. No I look it out that. Like down those two amateur. Like you don't know how to like this guy. Yeah. Like every she bought. I'm fucking hate the toe up. It looks amateur. It looks like they're like but it makes your quads pop up. Like but all anyone's looking at is your toe. I'm looking at your quads. Side triceps the toe. That's so. That'll look good though once you're fucking once I'm lean. All right and then there's the two back shit shots. So that was that look good. And better you want to hide that's good chest up a little. There you go. There actually go like that. It's a too much few much. Okay. It's more like a sternum lift. There I go. Yeah. Let me try to memorize that whole. There's that low set. No. You want up? Let's start. Let's do a bc. Otherwise I won't know. A, b, a, a, c, c, c. Yeah. Work d, c. Okay. Like the optometrist. The post doctor. That was good. All right. You're waving your person. I know it's because I'm so fucking pale. If I had a tan, I would've told you about it. You see your left arm, your elbow is from down. Okay. Left arm, elbow down. Left arm. That's good. You almost want to draw a perfect line. Like elbow down. So I'm, to me, this biceps looks like shit now. That looks like the biceps look better. But you're saying from behind it doesn't matter. But from the front, we want my bicep peak higher than my anterior delpe, right? From the back. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. Okay. I mean, obviously, it's y'all, but you, you would, you would look, silly being on, on the, on the, even in the back. Right. And the front, we could put my emphasis on the, right there. Is that, yeah, is that better? I can even go full. I can full. He said, all right. No. People like, I don't know. It's, it's such a great delet. Because he's doing this. Yeah. elbow down. Left. Yeah. You just have to get used to that. I just have to fire both legs. You should also, something you should do at home or like, whatever. You need to do some tea spine, like mobilization stuff. So like what you'll do is like this, the knee closest to the wall will be down. Both hands over. This elbow is going to be really close to the wall. And then you're going to rotate like this and you're going to keep your arm into the wall the whole time. And you're going to rotate and twist and then keep the elbow is close to the wall's possible. And then rotate. And you'll do like ten of side. Okay. That's really good for like thoracic. Turn outside how many at once a day? Yeah, once a day. I'll just like do it once a day. And you just keep keep that elbows close to the wall's possible. And as you get as your, you know, trying to come over, you're not coming over by twisting away from the wall. You're coming over by extending up like that. Boy, it's a good policy because I'm going to do that. That's a better. No, that's better. That's better. That's better. No, that's better. That's better. That's better. That's better. That's better. Yeah, about that. No. That looks good. That looks good. I can pull it. You're just a mirror. Look at this here. When you do it, I want like look aside. Look at this. You're your shoulders are. You see your target mom. Yeah, they're all the way forward. Yep. And your chest is nice and high. Left arm. There you go. We thought we went that. And then I can turn back more. That was good. Let me go more. No, that's good. Right there. Yeah. All right. But just when you're doing that, you can your left arm stays down. Left arm. You see how you can draw like a straight line elbow, elbow pretty much? Yeah, I get the concept. It's just my body's not listening. Let's see if that helps. A little bit more. There you go. You see that? Yeah. You know if I'm going to be able to draw a T. All right. Now, I'm not squeezing my glutes for this because that will have glutes of squeeze. Yeah, but here you go. More colder, more colder. There you go. All right. So the back wings look decent. I like this front double. You do this. Now look good. This is the hard part of the breathing. The work's part. It's the hard part of the breathing. He won't understand. That was good. This is going to make me happy with what you feel about. I mean, it's four poses. Once you're peeled up, I would say, my best pose. We don't use. We should most muscular. If that's positive, the most muscular, I think front latins really good too. No, man. We can make that look really good. Chest up a little bit. You can make that up. I'm front double. I think you're classic front double, really nice. You might need to like, contort that left it back a little bit. Yeah. Nothing that was really good. This waste control get better. I can't believe it. Yeah. I don't know if it was the combination of the redder and the antidrawler what, but that's Friday. There's no way. I was just like, fuck this. No way. I can't do it. I can't do it. I got like through like, I got to 2700 that day. And I was like, it's 3 a.m. I'm going to blow my sleep cycle that I just reset. I better just go to bed. Yeah. And then the next. That also had a lot to do. You're appetite with all. So now, now I'm hungry on a load. And obviously on Friday, I skipped entirely because I missed my height. Yeah. So it's like, well, if I'm not, I'm not going to make myself less hungry. If I'm not hungry enough to eat my height, but they're hungry on your hungry on. That's good. I got through my 3700 on Monday, but it wasn't easy. So I was wondering, if I tried to tell you, job, if we did like 3,400 Monday, Wednesday, Friday, rather than doing 3700 on Monday and Friday. You think your handling value is going to help you that much? No. That's it. So that's why you hired me to tell them to shut up. Well, it's quite interesting. Like, you move pretty well, like with body fat, but your weight doesn't shift in time. Like you get leaner, but I also think you're re-compareding. It's because I'm so short, but they're re-compareding. 10 pounds on me is a lot. Now because I'm so short, I've kept your response well to the drugs. Well, because we brought me down. Yeah, that was pretty. Is that the first time that's happened in a while? I've never brought them down before a prep. Yeah. So now it's like we're adding drugs. It's just going to recap the whole time I'll price it the same way. It's a whole point. Well, I mean, yeah, then I would just stay too 12. I wouldn't have to go make way. We'll make one 77. Yeah. Right. She's her another one of these you want me to work on while we're here. No, the back double was one. That was a good one to look at. The front, the front double looks good, but honestly a lot of it's just going to be tweaking your weight. But it's hard to tell right now because you're just not mean enough yet. I could really push and forward like, yeah, you could do that. It's okay to cave your chest. You almost want to be like, bracing like someone's about to punch you the chest. Like if I were to do this, like what you would do with your shoulders, that's kind of what you want to do. But then you should like lose sick to get. But you need to, yeah, you need not that much. Yeah. That's kind of a heavy medium, but but that's kind of a nice view. Chest up a little bit more. There you go. That's good. All right. Great double. That perfect. You caught that left for the success. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. That's those two. Everything else can be such a nice shot. It's not a lot of fun. All of them. No, I think you'll be with the old boots before. Yeah. Yeah. This you just need to just up a little bit more. There you go. Well, if I lean up more, I lose the that's good. You want to keep your head back. All right. So don't lose your head. So just whatever it's comfortable to know about. And then the most muscular. You do the two hands together, right? Yeah. I can't wait if you look at those three. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's my most opposed. And my worst pose is to say a tricep. You really? You think so? Yeah. I think this pose, like, well, it's really nice. I get to put that. Yeah. That's supposed to look really good, dude. All right. Well, then what is the most. You don't have a really bad pose. I think. I think it's my least favorite poses are my side tricep and my front lat. And you don't hate them. I don't hate them. Okay. We're good. Great news. I am now partnered with talent wellness. Talent wellness will be able to provide you your medication. So you get your consult with me. I will review the blood work you got through M&M labs. And talent will be the HRT clinic that will get you your medication delivered to your home. So there's nothing that changes on your part. All you do the same thing. You get the consult with me. Link is in the description box. And I take care of everything. It's just that now it is now a different HRT clinic and the lab process is going to be even smoother. The prices will also be lower than they were with the previous HRT company. So this is all good for everyone. You'll love it. Click the link in the description box to set up your consult today. And on with the show.

Worry! You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. If Mommy was close to committing sin, I would be a fool silly old man, I wouldn't beaph All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. It was the bass set of pull ups in my life. Let's see if this second set looks good too. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, now we're gonna do something else. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so that was really hard even though it's very light but I felt it really good. I'm having a hard time staying awake. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. It's not even heavy, I just so tired. I was 179, today's ago. I was 174 today. I'm going to board this shit. I'm going to switch up her back. That's just too much bracing. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. I should have used the massage gun on my pack and my neck before I came. But what's the point if you're this dehydrated, it's not going to release. Everything's got glued down, nothing's oiled. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. All right, so I just did the first set which is pull ups. A We'reateurs of Echo Trees Our racing team beni Le Kuerdalla van fraha, Sanber van, Das Bertanz Who will recognize you without any motive? Who'll see me? Why don't you be Ore? Give me your way, guess which one? Who will change your mind? It's too dangerous to leave what you truly addressed Are you really contre someone? You're here to Flow! words, words, words, words, words, words, words, words, words. words, words, words, words, words. I just have that is a way to go. That's the only other way. That's the only one that is needed to go. That's the only way to go. That's the only way to go. That's the only way to go. That's the only way to go. That's the only way to go. They don't have my usual machine for the chest. So I'm using this shoulder press with a really big arc to get my upper chest. Now normally I would go and setting four and do 150 for a lot of reps. But after training with Janekki, I've now retot myself how to stretch the chest. So I'm going to seat one, some game much deeper, and I have to use a lot less weight. I estimated one ten would be appropriate with two heavy. So I'm going to 90 now. I take my shoes off because there's no grip on those shoes. That's the only way to go. Those perfect sets. I'm going to do one more set here. Then I'm going to call it for chest. I was supposed to do four sets. Two RAR. I've just done two sets, zero RAR, which means instead of getting nine effective reps. I just got ten effective reps. Workout all prep was like a three out of ten. This is like a zero. If the perceived exertion on workouts got up to nine on leg days and these workouts were like a four or three. This workouts like a ten in hardness. This is like harder than a leg day. I'm going to see if I can just do middle delts and arms tomorrow instead before checking. This is brutal. We're going to go over there to that table station where the energy is going to be better because there's lots of people staring. We're going to go over there. We're going to go over there. We're going to go over there. We're going to go over there. We're going to go over there. We're going to go over there. We're going to go over there. We're going to go over there. We're going to go over there. We're going over there. We're going over there. We're going over there. We're going over there. We're going over there. We're going over there. We're going over there. We're going over there. We're going over there. We're going over there. We're going over there. We're going over there. What do you think about when we finish up with arms here? I stand where you're at. We can still do it again when we get to the hotel. We're going over there. We're going over there. We're going over there. This sucks. I'm making shit for this. I'm not so stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid. I'm not stupid.

Hurry! You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. It was just, oh my god, dude. All I did was say that four units is a baby dose. And I think the reason why people were so angry is because what they subconsciously feel is a shame that they can't afford more. So they are basically reacting to me. I make them feel bad about themselves. They can't afford more. So they're mad at me and they also have rationalized to themselves. They don't want more, not because they can't afford more. But that it's the wrong thing to do more because they're convinced they'll get cancer. They're hands and feet will grow, but not their dick. And that, of course, they're going to have bad blood sugar. When the whole point was, if you're going to use more than four units, split it up throughout the day so you get more spikes in IGF1. But they fixate on these emotions that they're feeling and then lash out about it. And it's like, it doesn't matter if I look like Jordan Hutchinson or John Jewelter not. I look better than I did before. So therefore I'm successfully building the body. So it doesn't matter, it's just so weird at this culture. And what's funny is the previous video about training didn't get nearly as much anger and hatred out of it. The full length interview got incredibly positive responses. Only one or two people were upset about it. And he would just comment over and over and over again. But for some reason the term baby does for four units, it's just freaked people the fuck out. And they had to lash out and I think it really has to do with income and and or they're afraid to use more. And so they've convinced themselves they don't want to use more because they can't afford it. I keep looking at this David bar and thinking it's a dog bar. I had my first food cravings. Or I have what? Dandruff? Okay from my beard. I might look like shit, but I don't look like shit for 46. So a little bit of new programming. Only got two weeks left. And I really can't handle the volume. So it took two days off. And now I'm just going to basically split arms and legs up into two different days. So on an optimal perfect world scenario, it'd be upper body than the next day as arms. And then third day as legs than the fourth day as off. But nothing's going to work out like that. Like for example, I'm starting with legs right now. So I'm going to do legs today, upper body tomorrow, arms Monday, probably Tuesday, off than Wednesday will probably be upper body again Thursday. I'm supposed to have a meeting with the guys from advanced games either Thursday or Friday. So hopefully that what enhanced games basically the juiced Olympics that I'm meeting with them Thursday or Friday for a video conference call. I'm going to ideally hit legs on Thursday, but I'm going to put that call first because this is a big deal. So if I have to take Thursday off, that's fine. Then I'll do the legs the next day. So in theory, worst case scenario. No, I really don't want to do that because I want to be able to hit legs Saturday and make it the last last leg day. So today's Saturday and we're hitting legs, ideally I hit legs in the middle of the week again, like Wednesday. Yes, that would work better. Hit legs Wednesday, then hit upper body either Thursday or Friday, then hit arms Friday. Legs again Saturday, Sunday would be another, either upper body or legs depending on how it worked. I just forgot what I said Monday. I want to leave really early, leave like early Monday, drive all day Monday, drive all day Tuesday. Maybe get there, then sleep nearby, then Wednesday will have the time to train, check in, probably upper body, Thursday, arms, and then Friday is the show. Everything subject to change because Dom is changing my food daily right now. I had two back to back medium days, today's a low day and then he's going to give me another medium day tomorrow. So do I have all the fat off? No, but at this point peaking is more important than just getting off a quarter pound of fat or half a pound of fat. I still got some glute striations at the bottom of the glutes, which you're peaking through and since it's classic physique, the trunk cover all my glutes anyway except for the very little bottom at the bottom. So as long as the part that's showing his striations, having striations in the part of the glutes that isn't showing, is it a priority. You know, I mean, like I'd rather be full with a nine point with a nine conditioning than flat with a ten conditioning when you can't see the difference, which is glutes. So do I have all the fat off? No, but at this point peaking is more important than just getting off a quarter pound of fat. So do I have all the fat off? No, but at this point peaking is more important than just getting off a quarter pound of fat. So do I have all the fat off? No, but at this point peaking is more important than just getting off a quarter pound of fat. So do I have all the fat off? No, but at this point peaking is more important than just getting off a quarter pound of fat. So do I have all the fat off? No, but at this point peaking is more important than just getting off a quarter pound of fat. So do I have all the fat off? No, but at this point peaking is more important than just getting off a quarter pound of fat. So do I have all the fat off? No, but at this point peaking is more important than just getting off a quarter pound of fat. No, but at this point peaking is more important than just getting off a quarter pound of fat. Two Rappin Cries. One up two Rapps. So that two Rapp stays made a difference. I was definitely overtraining. That doesn't mean that my volume was wrong. But we were a couple weeks where we did six load days in a row on a medium day and I think I dug myself in the fucking ground. Now that I'm getting like, it was two medium days, three load days, two medium days, three load days. Now I got two medium days loaded and then I'm going to get two more medium days. I think that with spreading the volume out. So I'm hitting everything once every four days, rather than once every two days, my strength can explode. I'm going to fill right the fuck up. It's going to look great. I'm really impressed with Tom's ability to peek. Me bring me in right, just right. And yeah, I'm two weeks out from the first show, but I'm five weeks out from the third show. So I don't, I care. I care that I'm not the most conditioned member of my entire life, but my hamstrings glutes. My quad definition. I mean, I've got a really good look where it's usually the lower body looks kind of soft. It doesn't look soft right now. So I got a little greedy because I got 13 with 70 and it started training to a long exercise. I increased the load to 80, which is most of my everything. Then I got five, which is the dad minimum amount of reps you want to get. So next week, which I'm next Saturday, specifically, I will do eight reps, probably maybe 10 with 80, and then I'll back it off to 70, try to match it. I love when you dress whether appropriate for the gym, that it's actually the same temperature inside the gym is outside. The ice top from your fascia sale. heavy Okay The wise put him alone intricate surprises and challenges To ace the platform of your mission Flesient I think that was a lot of, I'm not sure. So last week I did two things I increased from five total plates, the six total plates, and I dropped the semi roller and moved my feet further down the platform. There was two big increases at once, and I didn't like the way it made my right knee feel. So this week I'm backing off to five plates from six total plates, and it felt much better. It felt like it turned the music off completely. That's amazing. So on paper I got the same amount of wraps, but I bet if we went and looked at the three-week out video and compared it to, oh you weren't here for that. Well if I had a camera set up last Saturday I'm pretty sure that this would have looked better even though it was less load. And I did get a lot of quad stimulation on this, which ironic is even though I've been completely training around my glutes, so every press is all quad's no glutes. My glutes don't look worse if anything they look better. Three minutes might be enough of a rust. I don't really feel that tax because during legs right out the gate rather than coming in here doing a 30-bit or 45-minute arm workout, then doing legs I've had feel like I have so much more energy. Maybe because I had two rust days, maybe because I had two medium days with those rust days, but this is so much less miserable than I have been the last few weeks training legs after you arms. Plus I don't have to scream over the music because this nice man turned off the music for us. So my hips went out of post-year public tilt and to anterior public tilt. Recruiting glutes, that's how I know I was done. It's bikini pre-introducing 2009. When I got 7 reps, there's some reason I counted 9. Actually always memorize your sets, settings. It's one of the most important things you can do even more important than the load and the wraps is the settings because you're never going to get hurt. I'm going to phrase this. You can easily get hurt if the settings are wrong. 10 plus 1. I went up 10 pounds too. Let's see what I did last time. Guilty because I did the Sissy squats in the Hacksquad. Not traditional Hacksquads. So I didn't use that much weight. So I feel like I'm a pussy, but I got right in the rep range I want to be in. 10 to 12 for the first set and I definitely went to failure. Now the quads failed. It feels shameful to use such little weight, but the goal is to make the quads bigger, especially with sweeps. The inside of my legs. I could use bigger adductor, my rectus, my vasarrectus, my medialis, my sartorias. They all look good. It's the sweep that needs the work. So in case you didn't know the structuring, I go to ham to quad to ham to quad. Three adductor, three calves. This week, I'm going to pull down the adductor in the calves, the two sets. Even though we don't need to, I'm not going to be growing more adductors or calves. This week, the third sets the least important set. That's it. Nothing really intelligence to say down there. Just goes to show I can feel completely energized, relative to other workouts, but squeezing out that last half a rep murdered my second set. Had I stopped at 10 reps on the first set, I probably would have gotten the eight reps for seven reps on the second set. But because I forced that partial rep, I only got five reps a second set. So in case you didn't know the structuring, I go to ham to quad to quad. This week, I'm going to pull down the adductor in the calves, the two sets. The second set is the same, but it's the same, but it's the same. So in case you didn't know the structuring, I go to ham to quad. So I'm really excited about after the first show when we're driving a Texas from Florida, and we're going to stop at New Orleans. So I was watching a creepiest things in New Orleans on YouTube. There's a cemetery that's closed, so I'm going to try to figure out a way for us to make it not close to us so we can get some exclusive footage from inside, said cemetery. I'm not staying the name of that cemetery because that shows permutation, but maybe bearing some material be there and opening it up for us when we get there. Also, I wanted you to like an ant rice tour where you really get taken to the different sites. Like this is the swamp, let's not stop body, let's dump them cool stuff like that. To me, a lot to do in one day, but I don't think guys have ever been in New Orleans either. And I know Kai is like me, parties and beads, this is really his thing. I'm going on coast, haunted ghost tours and seeing good food stuff and like the graves of famous foodoo practitioners would be way more fun. I feel so good. Oh shit, look right there. Just saw some feathering I'd never seen before. It just occurred to me that I've got endurance posing after this. That's really intimidating. The endurance posing is going to be different now because I mastered the other form. Now it's three front poses in a row, then I think I get like a 10 second rest, then three side poses. Let me phrase that, it's three front poses with a 10 second hold in a row. It's a pretty much 30 seconds to continue as vacuums. I'll get like a little breath in between each pose. Then a 10 second rest, then three side poses, same formula, then three rear poses, which fuck me, that's not hard at all because you can breathe in the rear poses. It's the form of it, it's the place of the way of the night, it's the thing that you're not seeing in the whole world. It's the world, it's the place of the year this night. What's the difference between the world and the truth and the truth? What's the difference between the world and the truth? You're a good person, but you're a spirit, but you're a spirit. What's the difference between the world and the truth? You're a world, it's the place of the year this night. What's the difference between the worlds? And the world is the place of the year this night. I'm part of our war, war, war, war, war, war, war, war, war, war, war! No sometimes... Thanks for watching. We're gonna set your power up and take that into the corner. I'll be your criminal, I'll be your criminal. I'll be your criminal, I'll be your criminal. You're gonna kill me. I'll still return to my touch by the way, You're in space, what's the point? What's the point? I'll turn over to my arms forever. I get it. I get this all out, I get it. I'll still come over to my arms forever. I'll be your criminal, I'll be your criminal. I get this all out. So this is a perfect example of when the judgment plays a factor. If I got 14 the first set and seven the second set probably don't need to do a third set. Not a sheet. Need is a relative trend. The juices of worth the squeeze. Not two weeks out. So like let's say I got 15 reps the first set and 14 reps the second set. Absolutely you should probably do a third set. Those were hardest fuck those seven reps every one of them was hard. I'd rather make a little bit of progress and do two sets twice a week than make no progress doing what I was doing which was three sets three times a week. If I can make progress in four sets and I wasn't making progress in nine sets then nine sets is clearly beyond MRV. 40 for 15 for set one. 140 for 10 for set two I still packed it away. This time I got 150 I think for 13 and then 150 for seven. So I started off this workout strong but I am fizzling out hard already. I'm only five exercises into it. So taking arms off of leg day was smart. I'm only five. I'm only five. I'm only five. I'm only five. I'm only five. But it's just like the way you say. I'm only five. I'm only five. I don't even know how many I got but that was a fair amount. Now all we got is abs and pose and we've been doing this for like an hour or ten minutes. So rather than this being a three hour workout it's only going to be like a 90 minute workout tops because the arms took so much out of me that I had to drag myself through the leg workout whereas I was half with you the leg workout before I even realized that it was in the leg workout. It was way more energy. I'm only five. I'm only five. I'm only five. I'm only five. I'm only five. I'm only five. I'm only five.

We're here! You're watching Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. We're not going to make it. There is no point to this. I should just make the right meal and ten ourselves. Since ten years, I was just going to be better than them, ten anyway. I hate conformity 45 from wherever the fuck I'm going to. I cannot remember anything right now. 60 minus 26. There. 4.5 plus the two is just meal too. I have this is so small. Who the fuck writes in the cathartis model? So four, okay yeah that's fine. Okay so I can substitute. No. The fuck is going on. We're not going to make it. I can't think straight at all. I made this for nothing. I guess I made this for you 25 grams of fat. So that's like three thin layers on six rice cakes. A little bit of chicken. And there and off. It's in here the night. I guess it's just a fucking man. Honey how much honey? It's like 11 ingredients for a meal when you have no ability to think. It's so much harder. I can't even measure the honey. I'm going to have to eyeball it. So what am I even stressing about? So six rice cakes. We're going to miss this. Four six rice cakes. Honey. I'm going to butter it all that. So it's one piece of chicken is the only thing that matters. This is such stupid. I'm going to put my chicken in with your chicken because otherwise what the fuck am I doing? I just need to call him because this is just too much. Man my brain's not working and I'm having a hard time assembling this meal and we need to be there in eight minutes to get. Yeah, meal two is what I'm trying to cook but because I'm cooking meal two I'm going to miss at 845. So should we just say fuck it? Make the meal right and then do the top coat here or should I just go there and hopefully they'll just find and make it happen. No, so if you're eating the one that's done right. Right. Okay, so I would just not don't worry about cooking the rice and I'm just going to give you more rice cakes and more honey for meal two and said. All right, so my calculations is at six rice cakes instead of two rice cakes, the same amount of honey and I would just be using the almond butter on the rice cakes for the fat supply. So I'm changing the whole meal as we are on the phone. All right. So I'll send you a screenshot of the meal and then we're going to go. But what I'm worried about is I'll get there and then we'll like fuck you, Chad. We're not going to pay you. All right, cool. All right, thanks man. All right, thanks buddy. Reason why they say 845 is last call. Are they leaving at 845 so that everyone gets right at 830? I'm sure they will stay after. And that's what he said. He says, Todd, you're a prod. They're going to pinch you. So okay. 1060 in four seconds in a station wagon. You're the soccer mama can. I am never like and the reason why I relate is because the rice wasn't ready. I should have cooked all my meals for the day last night. That's completely different from the only. So what we're going to get six rice cakes with about six grams of almond butter each and about five grams of honey. So what I'm going to do is to make the almond butter last, I'm going to make a sandwich. So I'm going to have three rice cakes sandwiches and one chicken strip. And I don't remember putting a metric fuck time assault. I'm like God damn thing but I suppose you're so right, I'm just going to pour them in my mouth. What the fuck? Why am I in the hands? What is going on? All right, go. Nothing pisses me off more than fucking indecisive bitches. I always find it weird like when women have a eye with a man's voice. I'm more like, I thought you guys hate them. This mark is, I have a man's voice. Just in using a eye, just as they're on reliable. They're on reliable. They're like having a very unintelligent person who sounds like who's a no-one on. Yeah. They give you very clear definitive confidence answers that are wrong all the time. Hey, one of the girls called me boo, we just today wanted to choose a candy way. Yeah. What does that mean? What do you mean? It's funny. Okay, so if you're completely naked, you're a dick-sing-a-mail and they're on their knees in front of you, taking your socks off and they call you boo. That's about a than average sign right here. I think so. It's a very specific circumstance and they're seeing a lot of like naked dudes in that so whole out of dicks, it's a whole out of dicks. So see through my face, my body, or the combination of the three, unless you call it's everyone boo, so that we feel more comfortable being naked. All right, all right, all we gotta do is walk in and get painted. Oh my god. It says it's like all the way over there. Do you know how to get there in foot? It's showing us how to drive there. That was that before a keyboard warrior. And like, but you would have gotten a ticket. I don't give a fuck about your tickets. How much does the ticket? 100 bucks? Fuck you. I don't live in Florida. What are they going to do about it? They're going to be like, well, you had to get here at 845. I was like, I told you yesterday I would not be able to get here at 845. It is not going to happen. Not a fucking chance. I'm going to make it here at 845. We could have done a better job at home. Now we're going to have to turn on and go all the way back and get hand painted. Anyway, fucking hate these tending companies. They're so unprofessional. The show is at 12. Let's get painted at 845. Said no one with a brain ever. When I checked in for the North American, I pulled up. I'm the red curb walking side checked in. Walked out. Took the ticket. Ripped it up and drove away. I was like, nobody thinks no one has a brain. I don't live in Pittsburgh. What are they going to do? Look at all the parking spots. I'm so glad I parked a half a mile away. I don't need exercise. I don't want you to know a parking lot. Right there. You drive North Tammy, Ammy Trail. Yeah, look my balls, bitch. There's a fucking business right there. But it's free parking. Well, I know. I want to save money on parking and then not get painted. That's the smart thing to do. You're ready into the show for 12 grand. Why not just blow it all for 20? There's a parking lot right there. I don't think this is the right fucking hotel. This is worse than expected it to be. I thought that this would be a nightmare to have to go to a third location to get painted. What is a nightmare? And it's not even going to be as good. Thank you, sir. We were 22 minutes late. We have five or six. I don't remember. Okay, we'll hit them both. We'll be that kid. We'll be done, believe me. Time was your appointment yesterday. Yesterday, 515. A lady told me to park your captain Jack. And I hope I brought all the food. I think I brought the salt. I think I brought my shaker empty. I don't remember if I did or not. Pick a dirty shaker out of the trunk and put that gross ass element. I don't know if I even put salt on this. I don't think there was a meal to put salt on. So it's supposed to get four more grams of salt as well. Oh my god, it's cold. What the fuck? I'm pretty sure I brought a lot of bottles, but I may not. I don't normally rush out the door like this. It's a bad choice to come here for tanning. I knew it was about a choice to tan our selves. We would have saved two hours and we wouldn't have forgotten anything. Well, we'll see how it looks and then we'll do our tanning tomorrow and we'll have comparison. It's better to experiment with the low probability success than experiment with the high probability of success. Although they're both experiments. This is the sheep way. Tomorrow would be the innovative way. If I knew I'd have to walk up, I would have just fucking pulled up my car. Got out and left it there. We'd be done before they could have told it. You're like, you're such an asshole. I'd rather be an asshole who succeeds. This is frustrating. I think this is diaside. This crushed up shit. I can't let them fucking get stared at you here. Here's one archfire aggro. Here's an amoeir. That fucking damn it. It's hard to separate out the whites, but I don't know what they are from the colors that I do. Whatever idiot manufacturers pills that are white needs you to shot. Right, half of an anagro. I don't know half of a win or something. So 25, 25, 25, and then 50. Now in here and they I got a half of a tamaxis fin. A half of a diaside. I'll just show him. But like this one, I think it is. This is why phone calls are so much better than tax messaging. As I just needed a quick answer. Do I eat in the heat and sweat off my pain? Or do I wait 15 minutes and eating the air conditioning and that's what I'm in my pain and not getting my car covered in honey. Which is it. So in the event that I didn't respond to me, I'm just going to do what I would do normally. That's why phone calls with a coach is a million times better. All right, I wonder if I can set this up so it will work flow. I'm just taking a quarter, one of those quarters. Uh-huh. That take that with take that now and then so we're assuming is a quarter of a hydro chloro. Right, six milligrams. Yeah, that's all I want to use. So just take that and then drive over the venue, eat your meal. You probably won't be on a safe to like on most 12 anyway. So we're good. All right, I can't take it right now and I'm because I'm driving. But as soon as I pull over, I'll take the six point two five hydro chloro, walk in with the cooler and then sit down on the floor and eat my rice cakes, honey and almond butter. Yes, sir. All right, but you still have water. You still have that water from the meal. I have meal to his water and I have all the salt from meal to that I haven't put in anything yet because I didn't know where to put the salt and it's supposed to go on the rice cakes or the water. Either one's fine. Okay. And you want 30. Put some of the salt like on the rice cakes and then just use the honey and almond butter to make it stick and then then obviously puts it in your then put salt in the water like I have for you. All right, sounds good. Yep, and I'll be there soon. We're about to leave. Okay, cool. See you soon. All right, see you later. See how much easier the phone call is rather than the fucking tax messages. We wasted eight minutes trying to get a response from a tax message. Phone call was like the ones minute. I don't understand why anyone tax messages is the worst way to communicate with anyone about anything. Oh, I guess if they've got a siv brain, I may can't remember. I don't know. It's the book, but you just said it could have turned green. But you could get a ticket. I get pulled over all the time. I've gotten like two tickets in my life for a day. But excuse me officer, first of all, I roll the window down and I hold my driver's license registration and strings out the window so that they have no concern for their safety at all. I'm like, hi officer, how are you today? Doing good. Do you know I pulled you over? Not a clue officer. Well, you were speeding really. I was. The autopilot supposed to be set. I don't know what's going on with that. Why does once you know I really appreciate you for keeping the road safe? Okay, well, if your record's clean, I'm just going to give you the warning. Thanks officer. You're the best. And you don't get a ticket. Now, if you like, what you want? Why you pull me over? Then you're not going to, you're going to get a ticket or a rest of it. That's simple. What's up? We're here. Time to kick some ass and need some rice cakes. Everyone thinks it's funny that I do shit like this. Just so people don't think I'm a keyboard warrior. You're so arrogant. Who are you to take this empty table and use it to eat? I don't know. Like, I have been a thousand dollars to do the show. Okay. Which disgusting flavor will we use? Let's do citrus salt. This grapefruit of in the giant of flavor. Let's do that. This is like the highlight. This is like my favorite part of the show is getting to munch down on my favorite tree. That was enthusiastic. The salt kind of ruins. Luckily, I took salted caramel. I was trying to anticipate everything. I forgot the hot stuff, which would have caused more basketball there. So tomorrow we're going to our own coat and do hot stuff. They've just got the normal glaze here. At some point this booth is going to show up. You're like, you're in my booth. My guy, I'm I'm going to stay in your booth. I'm done eating. Well, tell me, protein bar should get to sample today. Enjoy finding gluten free ones. Normally, go a little bit thicker with the almond butter. Bad on me. Let's mean my first time getting to use battle meaning for battle. I've never such a compliment makes it that he liked my formula. I'd like someone telling you your kids are pretty. Well, let's start with the outfit. I've got to have to have the adopted kids that were pretty. I wouldn't give a fuck. I figured someone pays 500 dollars for this booth. I shouldn't spread salt all over it. This smidge, I'm glad you said, how much is this smidge less than a bit? I just think it's beautiful. That would drive me nuts. I could not work with Christophe's. You know, he like, he, uh, I've so crisp, total and I are good friends. And we were chill in at the hotel one day, uh, one of these shows. And I go, I go, how was it working there? He's like, bro, you'd wake up and he'd be like, you look great. What's he yesterday? And he'd be like, oh, whatever, I eat the one. He's like, stew it again today. Go to five guys. Have two burgers, one fry in a coke. What size fries? What size coke? What goes on the burger? I would be so stressed out. My core is all going through the roof. I'd rather have you be precise and I'm closer minus 10%. Then you give me just like, oh yeah. And I'm like, like, what are we doing? Okay. Oh, you asked if I sat down. Oh, you asked if I sat down. It's actually a little bit. What's your name? Amber. Amber. Big fan. All right. Cool. What's up? They're like, we saw you from the Nile video. I'm like, oh, people thought I was an asshole. They're like, we did. I was like, so if you're doing three shots, two, three shots. But if I'm taking 26 drugs, I'm like, and do you be doing three shots? I mean, I'm like, I'm going to be doing 26 shots. Or am I going to load the syringe and just up with as much as I can fit? And they're like, well, I guess when you put it that way. I was like, well, it looks like somebody didn't watch the video. They just watched five seconds I'm going to decide they were big. And I was a big. And then I walked past the first premiere and like, hey, what's up, Chris? He's like, yeah. So he's still mad about the debauchem and I guess. Why would you say? I said, debauchem is the Florida man of animal Alex. You know that you know that someone uses debauchem that they've been brain powers enough to where they think wrestling and gators are a good idea. And then thumbnail was a one arm dude wrestling and alligator in like a hockey chunk bar because he commented he's like, oh, he's debauchem. It put on 20 30 pounds. I was like, did you also not have access to testosterone at the time? He's like, yeah, I'm like, well, then there you go. It was a estrogen pro hormone that's all debauchem. But all they hear is you use debauchem stupidness. I didn't say that. I just said the dumbest people on the planet you Steve was not. I even seen the video just because you use debauchem doesn't make you stupid. Chances are. Yeah. You pull it up. I can't remember exactly. It was a good one. Oh, I got amazing. Play him the trend spucking awesome. What are we up to? 50,000? It was 13 hours, 50,000. I'm on the phone with Dina and I go, yeah, Todd took a claw, a Sarah cool, the dress that only sleeps. She goes, what the fuck? She knows her primary college. Is it MP? Okay. At this point, I don't know what the fuck I'm feeling. I either am raging or I'm fucking happy. There's nothing in between. Well, you're happy today, so that's good. I'm like, not on the drive over here. They told us to park a captain's jacket, right? It was three fucking blocks away in 90 degree weather. I'm like, well, this was bright. I'm gonna melt off the top coat. Good thing I'm missing needles to melt off my top coat. I was like, I should have just done this in the fucking hotel room. I was like, well, we'll do that tomorrow. We'll do the top coat in the hotel room tomorrow and see how I look. Yeah. Because I had a 17 people, my probability of getting top 5's a lot lower than today, which is probably 100% with five people. Yeah, that worked on the night. We're going for a win, brother. Really? Fuck yeah, you crazy? You think open? No. All right. He's master's class. Yeah. Sorry. I love you, but no, no. Now you're just Logan Franklin. No. Dude, I would never trust you if you said yes. I'd be like, if you said, yeah, we're going to go for win for open. Yeah. I was like, this guy's lying. I'm fucked. This entire peaks were targeted. All we need is over 41st place and we got the Masters of Olympia in 2027. Dude, we'll go in there with one kidney, a quarter liver. I'll have like an eye. By your labs? Good bro. I know. Well, it's 388. Well, now that we've tracked down that we are on, we're going to go a long to clue to the ion. Yeah, but even then you'll be fine. You really not worried about it. Because you do the, you know, more about blood work than I do. And that's not really about it. It's a short term issue. Yeah. I don't think I have cirrhosis of liver. My dad's autopsy is liver was the only organ that was fine. Yeah. You're probably doing Moss version. Yeah yeah. The moment you look at me, I'm sure that I'm using ringing the O- curse as time goes. I'm not gonna show you it. Your hand is pulling the down, you're not kidding? I think we're gonna be in the middle of the house. Top League, great job. Beautiful, congratulations guys. Great job, Top League. If we were in our hurry, I wouldn't charge my credit today. Goldbot, Tamu, fucking charger. So, fuck, how do you do this shit? There's supposed to be in the after. Guys, wanna see my gun. Since we're in Florida, you just brought guns with us. Here, it's not loaded. We're gonna do a press check, like on terminal list. There you go. Drive fire. I know everyone likes that. Like you don't know fucking gun safety. Hey buddy, I got a question for you. I have never used a Tamu truck. It's the slittle thing, this in life that makes things possible. Open glove box. Get the right hole. All right, all right, step two. Now what do I do? Okay, close the app. Get the app open. I'm tied by the way. Hey, Tom, nice to meet you. Hey, how'd you do it? How'd you do it in the shit? I did shit. I came in dead last three times. You still did it. Yeah, I came in. What's your spec? What do I do? Okay, so you gotta get that charge point. Okay. So you're downloaded? Yeah. All right, so I go to the app store. I appreciate taking the time and 100 degree weather to help me. But it's ready to throw my phone in the ground. This is so hard. Why can't you just Apple Pay it? All right, we got dead last and three different divisions. It's not a good oven. It seems that in the attempt of biasing my quads for a couple years, my glutes got smaller and my quads didn't grow. In the attempt of biasing my triceps, my chest got smaller, but my triceps grew a little bit. So overall, even though I improved symmetry, I look worse. So I'm just gonna go back to more traditional training. That's pretty much it. My bad conditioning, my glutes is partially due to three things. One, I was over squeezing them because they don't have the muscle anymore. So there's a little skin from when they used to be bigger and from when I used to run estrogen. Oh, shit, I've heard that when they have a game run going. So the plan is to use more traditional stuff like do the pendulum squat, then the cissy squats, then the leg extensions, one day and then the belt squat, then the leg extensions the other day. To bring the glutes and the quads to back up to when I'm used. Because like hacksquadding 800 pounds, they were big. Cissy squatting with the hacksquad 300 pounds. They're not big. So we'll go back to what works. So I started re-incorporating pull-ups and the lats are ready looking better. And we're gonna do after that the jenecky style stuff. So a little bit one more compound old school movement and then the new school optimal stuff. So we're not taking away. We're just adding back in what grew the glutes, quads and the lats in the first place. My training for delts and arms is working great. My hamstrings is working great. I kind of as nerfed it on the chest training. We're gonna re-incorporate the old chest training. Backdacks with process. Nothing fancy just to go back to what I know works. And I gave up a lot of size in my two best body parts, chest and glutes to create symmetry. Now that I have symmetry, I'm just small everywhere. So now I just train everything appropriately. It should work. Can experiment with men in the off season. Just do a single drug treatment and just start ramping up men. Now because I made weight and high, but I had to come in at 173 to make weight at 177, now that my official cutoff is 182, tomorrow we're just gonna try to bring me and it's full as a house. And then if I spill over, use some dyes I to pull it out. This isn't the right way to do it. It's just a dapped day of measures. If it doesn't work, it doesn't work. When are you gonna do worse than dead less? But if it does work and I don't come in dead less, or if I come in top 10 and the open, then I'm completely redeemed. Then come San Antonio. We've got two weeks to really reverse me out and get me full. Bring me in it look 180. That way if I show up and they want to height me at 64, then I have an hour to drop three pounds of water with that as I'm not a problem. And then you can re-hydrate with saline or some shun. Chances are if I was over 5-4 in Texas and I was over in 5-4 here today, I'm gonna be over 5-4 in San Antonio and we're locked the fucking in. For whatever reason, I don't make it, then we still have Daytona and Denton to come in at 177. Just to guarantee that my 180 to use locked in forever. If you're confused, it's okay. Every single fucking person I talked to is confused except for the state chairman of Florida who actually knows the rules as well as I do. So that's it. Mission 1 accomplished. Get over 64.0. Mission 2 accomplished. Get way in. Mission 3 accomplished. Get video of me doing my posing routine. Mission 4 accomplished. Have fun. Mission 5 accomplished. Got lots of good content. Mission 6 accomplished. Did 3 shows in one day, which is most of the night I've ever done. Mission 5 or whatever was to win over 45 failed miserably. But this is what it is. Final mission is tomorrow. Practice a different form of peaking and see if we can get a better look. Then the other mission for tomorrow is coming top 10. And then that's it. What is this for irrigating your nostrils? Is an animal. We're going to go back to the hotel room and we're going to get some food in. I've got meal 3, meal 4, and meal 5 from tomorrow. And then I'm going to call the manufacturer and see if we can swing by and do a tour of the facilities. Flavor test, Bizarre Forensic. Because it came in a little different than Fender's Fury and the two were supposed to be added together. Everyone bitches and moans that Fender's sure doesn't have caffeine in it. So I'm making an energy drink that these acts in flavor as Fender's Fury so you can add the two together and you got a STEM pre-workout rather than an honest STEM pre-workout. And that's it. And people are who is married, you need me. It's like now when you buy Fender's Fury you'll have the option to buy them as a team and a much reduced rate. Then buy them into the drilling. That's it. And if you want to know those people who doesn't lift weights, you just like playing video games. That's perfect gaming fuel. That's why their categorizes an NO product on Amazon and as an energy drink on Amazon is because the pre-workout market is stigmatized and saturated. So I've got two different pre-workouts, one's pump, no STEM, one's a STEM no pump. And then I've got an intro. But the way they're going to be categorized on Amazon is one is an energy drink, one is a metric oxide and one is an endurance drink. It's called marketing. Not good at it. But I'm not bad at it either. All right. I think I've got about that's about all the energy I have for being sociable. We're actually on time. Have meal to at 11. It's 11. It's six. I'm time. I've real bad at her. I have rough pie. But I wanted to let him sleep in for the last minute. I should have walked in the 15 minutes earlier because I forgot to let him go in 15 minutes when he's like asleep. Because I have a procedure. A ritual, if you will. I know how to get ready in 15 minutes. So I had to let myself in this room and wake him up by touching him. He was troubled. But normally, you're not kind of doing he wakes up. But no, I had to actually wake him up. So I know he's such good. He's like, how many miles home is this? Six? Here's like these are 10 milligrams. I'm like, yeah. Are you groggy this morning? Fair. All right. Did you take your normal stuff? Yeah. With that. I didn't have that. All right. Well, I can't find who's a new prototype. But here, it's take a full serving. I'm the old prototype of our visitor friendship. You want orange ice? Fruit punch? Fruit punch. Right. To the full scoop. That's 400 milligrams of caffeine. 600 LGPC. And it's got some other shit in there for the works so just like, voss and he's right. Spoon is that your head. Water is so right. Some people would say, I'm vossing. I should have my fish. Because I know exactly what someone's thinking before they think that this is everything I need. You just had a huge meal. So you should be good for a couple hours. Because you're a very baby either. You didn't even finish your dinner last night. I just fed you last night's dinner. And you thought it was a fresh meal. New potatoes. Yeah. You don't need it. Yeah, you didn't eat all your food last night. You eat like a baby. So on top of this thing, on top of you, it may can sure you take all your pills and watching you eat your pills. I have to also watch you eat your food. Which is weird, because you're like twice my size. All right, I'm going to bring an orange for you. That's an work. I'm going to bring an orange for you. There you go. And I'm going to bring a banana for you. I'm going to bring another banana for you. All right. How's that? I'm going to bring a sweater just in case. I get cold in my headphones. Just in case I get bored or I get a schedule. Because I'm a so meticulous with time. They're not going to get them because they're backlit. They're shimmering and they're not super tight. I think I'm wearing the 32's. I want to bring more pair. I just can't find them now. Oh. We're driving to the venue to compete in the open division of class. This is the second day of the show. A lot of people push your own if they got to do back-to-back shows. Whatever. I've been doing that for almost 20 years. What I've never done was do three shows in one day and then a fourth show the next day. How bad is my hair? I'm not bad. It's terrible. It's okay. I'm getting the second transplant. People are like, oh, I thought, man, I did encourage here those. It's like, oh, my fucking God. I didn't have the hair before I used the master. I knew fucking cunts. I'm 46 years old. If you live to 46, you won't have hair either. I can write it off because I'm using videos to make money. If you did taxes, you would know that. But you'd rather have the government tell you how much taxes you owe. And take it out of your paycheck. That's not me. I want to tell the government how much I think I owe them. Which is less than what they think. You owe them. Keep in mind, I said, I am you. We are not the same. And then there's going to be those authors. He thinks she's better than those because she does his own tax. I don't think I better than you for doing my own taxes. I think I'm better than you. For a myriad of different reasons. One of them, but just that I have an expert accountant who does my taxes. Some of you are better than me. We have to handle these on a case by case basis. It's better if you're smart or rich. What matters is Jesus loves you. But Jesus loves you more if you're smart or rich. If he didn't. I mean, if Jesus really loved you, it wouldn't have been more stupid. He would have been like, oh, this guy was a dick in his last life. I see blank career in this future. Notice I said blank instead of alienated you based off of a Yorker. This is the new and improved Todd. This is the tactful type. Tacticus. The number one turn base warhammer 40k game for your phone. I'm not sponsored by Tacticus. Because I say the F word too much. And I'm not woken off. Not that I have a problem with female custodies. I think that would be hot. The emperors bloated zombie corpse. Having a thousand psychors a day being sacrificed to him to keep the warp open. And just having, it's like half naked, female custodies hanging around. That'd be a very interesting piece of art. Maybe I should get it on my wall. Maybe I should get it tattooed on my back. Can't come in any worse and dead last. And before you say, oh, it's because you use this death metal as why you didn't win. The judging was predetermined before the metal happened. And when people got off stage, no one fist bumped them for all the little R. Kelly, Aaron B. Shit. When I got off stage, everyone clapped and fist bumped me because they'd never heard anything that had me before. I like music that makes vagina's bleed. No, most of them are imposing. It's just like, I want to know what it is. I want you to show me. I can naked that 55 year old dude with jiggling butt fat and a women's underwear. It's just not doing it. It's just not doing it. Not that I look a lot better. But at least it was heavy. I hit those guns. Okay. No one's ever heard me sing before. I can ham it up for silly singing. I can't like take real vocals seriously. Like if I do ham or smash face right now, it's not going to hit right. Come on, it's the fucker. Maybe it's the fact that you're trying to sing something like ham or smash face. It's supposed to something with a more simple fight. Play ham or smash face. Little Ramos. Man, it doesn't. Alex Webster, Bass Basel. My first set of pull ups I always do ham or smash face. The low Ramos version. Because it's so much heavier than the original one from two men in the middle. Many don't realize this. But ham or smash face was featured in Asventure Apat Detective, New England, Chicago, the White or the Red. And it was so offensive that Tipper Gore had the parental advisory sticker stuck on albums. Ever after. It was cannibal corpse and two-lifed crew with a two-band that determined that music now needed a parental advisory sticker. So I every time 11 years old would go to the store and I would find anything that had parental advisory on it. And then I would take a warm sponge and wipe off the sticker and then that's what I would go by. Because that was letting me know what was cool. If they're conservative Republican party so there wasn't a lot of listen to it, then it's got to be worth listening to. Same with video games. And see what we're there. M-A. That was way later. You mean AO for video games? I thought they called M. There's a Perman and then there's AO. What's AO? Adults only. We didn't have those when I was a kid. GTA San Andreas. We just thought it would've been. That was a unit of an A-20. I was one. I could buy whatever the fuck I want. I could give me this car. Fucking big. You got to fight with it. It's like this is my car. He might dick car. 1147. I don't like it. I'm going to drop you off. I'm asking you move. Why does it just just part? I just part. Because the charging station is all the way over there. You look like you have to carry your big ass camera. This is a small camera. Dude, when are we getting painted? One of the girls is like, I think you need to wear a sock. Because that shit's hitting your knees. And I was like, wow, she's really flirting with him. She said, sock or nude. And I was like, ah, I fucking all go nude. I haven't had that off for an awhile. I'm not going to pass that up. Yeah, for a while, Prochanne was like, all of our spray painters are female. You can wait. Wait. Just keep going. All right. What the fuck? You want to lose your fucking teeth. You've always accused me of being keyboard warrior. I've got a battle axe in the car. I don't feel the fuck. Oh, Todd is fighting the off-brand charger again. All right, cool. As I trip on everything, come on. God, dude. Tasteless superchargers are so much better than this ghetto ass shit. Boom! Eat it, dick. People like, God, this Todd League, like, compiling so much. Why can't you just be cheerful? Small sip of Tassie. I'm very little water in it. You put the battle in me, though? Oh, it tastes better than just potassium. I'm going to show you what I brought. And so you can audit me while we have time. But I'm more bad on me in case other athletes need it. I got a bunch of trunks in the mail last night. You got one of these? Yeah. That's a lot better, yeah. All right, cool. I got five pairs with three different cuts, three different size. All right, back up. I got my phone. I've got lots of drugs. Here's my button. So that bitch doesn't give me a hard time for no medallion. I call it a coat of these bitches. Oh, what's all? Sorry, got an ockerside. Reds, anovire, blues, anovire, and a draw. And I should have been a windstrop, and I forgot. Well, you already took everything. I took 50 windstrop. Yeah. 10 men. Do you have a bit of awkward bandage, champs? No. I don't do that. I wish I did. I brought a fire grip, but I haven't taken it yet. You take the fire grip now. Okay, inhaler, extra music in case they fucked that up. Bananas and the oranges are his. Here's our salt. Here's our cinnamon. Here's our guacamole. This is your, I'm going to go fill you up some more water. I'll give you more battle meat. But I want, this is me. That's three. That's three. For me. Yep. That's me. For Kai. Yeah. And then I got rice cakes. And then I got the painting of stuff like gloves. And oh, no, it's upside down. I got the muscle juice and the hot stuff. Well, you taught stuff on you. Yeah, that's why I figured. I brought tombs for Hartburn, honey, marinatha, forks, and knives. Extra tombs. That was excessive. Lots of rice cakes. All right. And then I'm going to take my bagger and you're going to get me water. I think you need it. All right. Leave the battle meat out. So it's day two. Saturday the six we're at the venue. Stress is alleviated. We've got everything done. Kai did my paint. I think my paint looks a lot better than the way Kai did it. Then the professionals did it. I'm having a hard time hearing myself over the squeaky women with the Annabar voices in the corner. But I made sure that check my cooler five times. Dom checked my cooler. I've got pockets. My cargo shorts have pockets. They're not fashion symbols. They're utility bills. Everything is where it's placed. It's supposed to be. Just like you would have a special forces person. I bet he knows where his extra clips are. His extra night vision goggles are. Where his arm rehearsing rounds are versus his hollow point rounds. I know what all I've got. I've got my comfy trunk signs. I've got my head over nighted me for different types of trucks. I didn't like the trucks that I was on stage with. The trunk side wore yesterday. For the night show, we're made by CJ. She had passed away recently and there's a candle in her picture backstage. So it meant a lot to me that I got to wear and retire. Her trunk's at a memorial show for her. Right now it's a hurry up and wait thing. The love it Apple Watch cracked. I went for a swim in the pool. The phone started calling my Apple Watch started calling 911. And I was able to talk that I don't want to out from coming with an ambulance. I'm sure that would have cost me money. And that's pretty much it. We're going to wait until it's time to go on stage. And so it's a very chill thing. I'm super excited that the guys that like in the left are going to come into Tomorrow and we're going to get to tour the facility for the Hell Labs product and the top VMB supplement. We're going to flavor test. It was your friend's and guys are going to come with us to check everything up. I thought it was cool that Tom watched the two day out in the one day out video. It's like it's almost like my coach is starting to come a fan. Which is a feeling I've never had before. And even though I did terrible, everyone's been really supportive. It wasn't like at the Texas Pro last year where someone's like, your glutes are soft, kill yourself. Now it's like got some really cool people like Bill Tolko. We mentioned the average style of all. Our answers you move through reached out, just say it. They gave positive affirmation. So I don't want to put words in their mouth because everyone had something a little different to say. So I'm earning the comments from my new trend as awesome. Real Todd Lee and B. clips as Victor Sittnero with the 24 to 40 hour half-life. The flections would still be over 25% per day, which is counterproductive from a muscle growth standpoint and a safety. Because God damn, these people are done. Thank God for Todd Lee and D. clips. My fan account to take care of that. Maybe this won't be a smart one. So hi, I need to tell you that the calculators that's used online to see the half-life of drugs don't take into consideration the absorption time of the oil. That's why we always use our CT oil. Only a fucking more on wooding. So I'm going to keep reading because this guy clearly doesn't know what he's talking about. Jerics says not quite in general most is, absorb more quickly than the ester, blah blah, especially when you use MCT oil. So here we go. Jerics and 292 comes in to save the day again from the retard brigade. Then Todd Lee MD clips comes in and says regardless, daily injections will always be better in every circumstance. Good. Thank God that guy knows he's talking about. This is painful to read because it's just the same stupid questions over and over again. And then the right people correctly them. This guy is an idiot. He says daily injections on a workout days only or seven days a week. As if the term every day was unclear. So Todd Lee MD clips comes in and says seven days a week. Building muscle doesn't happen only on workout days. Incredible. God. Off Bentley. I thought hex use over an athlete. Okay. More expensive, hard to find, longer, slightly than E. I've seen lower concentrations in hex. Then finally someone smart. You just convince me to try it. Trending on social media every day is best. Four months ago. He tells you your life story, but it's not a consult. Narcissism. Christopher John is there a way to do an athlete with minimal sides effects without printing daily or EOD. No. All right. So this is irritating me. But we did get 182 comments in one day and 70,000 views. It's really disappointing that people could watch a simple video that using trend and an athlete for 10 milligrams daily is safe for than 100 milligrams of acetate every other day. There's really no way to get that confused, but they managed to. Tell me what's going on. I can't promote the action. Or I'm hurting the right. Or turn the right. Or turn the right. Thanks for reading. I'm going to read the dance switch. Read the dance. And pour the release switch. Four, ten and twelve switch. Let's just do it. We're going to read four key switch. John, I've run to a live now. We're not excited. We're not excited. Last turn of pace. We are doing back double-bice. Relax. Relax. Last two of this. Relax. Your favorite, classic pose. Great work, gentlemen. Great work, gentlemen. Great work. Two and eleven switch. Two and eleven run the other side. Right double-bice. Like John. Relax, lion. Relax. Turn the face for your guys. Back double-bice. Relax. Your favorite, classic pose. Relax. Absolutely beautiful work. I'm eating my rice and walk them only. I've got the last for the fourth time. I'm going to have to fix the peak. I'm going to go back to school, leg training. I'm going back to having a try to learn how to master quad training. I'm not handling enough weight to make the quad grow and the glutes shrunk. Once I'm able to squat 400 reps, my glutes are in quad speed full-sizing. The waist was pretty shitty. So bad waist control, saggy glutes. My vacuum wasn't great. I find that my vacuum looks the best for a single morning at empty. Like roll out of bed. Go to the venue and empty. Maybe just rice cakes and almond butter, sunny, whatever. I don't need to be in white rice. I'm going to do whatever Dom says. I'm just as just my thoughts. My weight was 174 this morning. So I was lighter today than it was yesterday. We just didn't load me enough last night. I was rather... It's a learning process. That's why I do all these shows with Dom. In one season, so you can learn how to peak me. I didn't expect a grand slam the first time. I'm a 40-sick-sural man. And so I'm just saying, how might be as old as the competitor? All this in the least talented. He's right now back there with Chris and John. And then when that's over, he'll probably have a little meeting with me right now. People who don't know what the fuck they're talking about are always like, what are you going to eat tonight? I don't like him a fuck about his water right now. I'm so thirsty. This is 15 ounces of water. There's a little bit left in my meal. I got a rice cake and almond butter. So I'm going to go eat that now. I'm just going to leave this here and go get my shit rather than give up my table. This is Kai's food. I'm not going to let him not eat it. Because he's really bad about eating his food and eating his medication. Kai means like a mom or a wife with him at all times. This is in derogatory. This is in derogatory. This is in derogatory. This is how I'm enduring. As I was saying before, I'm a cancer. So I'm the mothering sign. It's my job to take care of my boys. But I have the tough love dad approach. But the heart of the mom. If that's not gay, I don't know what is. So I got the shit salt goes on this meal. I had to have the water and all that. So I already have the right rice. I already had three and a half grams of salt. I already had the chicken. I've already had the avocado. So all I've got is almond butter. One rice cake. Kai is not even worth the effort in this salt. It's so messy. From one rice cake, this is so messy. Because it's so messy, I'm going to clean as I go. Because you never know what to use when you have to get up and run. Like hurry, tornado drill. We're done with this. Alright, next. This is particularly messy. So it'd be smart if I brought a plate. But I didn't. I'm just going to make a fucking mess. A little trick about the playmates. You can turn them into a mini table. One, two, three. Alright. It's a bit superfluous when you've already eaten. I've already eaten. It's a bit superfluous when you've already eaten. It's a bit superfluous when you've already lost. But we're still collecting data. I might look really good tonight. And then we know what we did was the right thing. I'm not wetting it, weighing anything right now because I don't have the skill. What's up, Chris? How'd you do? Second one. That's good. How'd a how many? Okay. She got better than third. Cool thing about coming in last place is you can't do worse next time. So that's the word thing about being on the middle. You can easily get better at different things. Well, you're not coming to get worse. No, I just, I don't know my head right now. No, just. Really? No, tell me about it. I just got dead last four times. And I'm happy to shit because I just had water. Some folks are getting 20 grams of this. This rice cake is not going to take 20 grams. No, we're going to make do with that. I didn't bring a food scale to measure how many grams. Oh, sugar. I should have. If we were gunning for first or second, I would have. I talked to Logan Franklin. We're going to train with him on either Monday or Tuesday. So we got Martin and Logan to hit up when we're in Houston. And he trains at LeBrautau, which means we got to get to see. Hunter or Terence. This is better than any Oreo. No cookies is good as this. I wish all my meals were just this. I think of all my meals were just this, not rice. They would look even better. I went every day's one in walking by with food. I'm staring at their food and they're holding it at tick level. And then they give me these looks. Like I'm looking at them. Like I don't want your boobs. I want your food. I want another one of these so bad. The salty rice is not good. The only thing the salt doesn't make worse are these rice cakes and all my butter. Now it's time to put things away creatively. So I don't make a mess and get any schmutz on the outside of the plastic. Then we get mouthful of paint. I didn't pack paper towel, which was stupid of me. I'm just going to sit here. I have a feeling Dom's going to give me more food soon. I don't have meal for with me though. He might tell me that that's my meal for. In which case you're food. That's your food. Meal for. All right. Yeah. It's pretty much identical. Yeah. It's an identical meal. So theoretically that's either your meal and mine meal for it depending on Dom says. Meal five is totally different. I'm going to go wash my hand. I'm responding to Roman Fritz. He's asking how pretty Judge you went. I'm telling him how I got dead last and all four divisions. It's nice to have Roman reach out to me. I really care about that guy. Karina, she's apologizing because she assumes it hurts. It really doesn't hurt. It just means that I got to work harder and get better. I thought I would do better but it's a pain isn't the expression or emotion I'm feeling. It always makes me feel. I always feel weird when people tell me they're going to quit after doing badly. I mean you should just expect to do badly. And then you're never disappointed when you do. It seems really normal to me. I say I need an app and I'm not so sure. Part of me once is just check out tonight and drive down to Moko. But I know I don't have it in me. What we're going to do is we're going to organize and pack everything we can tonight. So we can just roll out tomorrow morning early because having Jeremy, David and Adam come in in their days off just for us. I want to get them in and out as fast as we can. I'm really excited and I'm a really excited for you to meet them. Plus we made a verbal agreement with Martin and with Logan Franklin to train in Houston. But for driving to Boko Sunday and so 14 hour drives to New Orleans and a six more hour drive to Houston. That we would be spending Sunday in Boko and driving towards New Orleans. Crash landing somewhere like Alabama Sunday night. Monday would be New Orleans and driving to Houston and then Tuesday would make sense to train with either Martin or Logan. That means Wednesday we would train with the other one. Then we would head up to Dallas. All right cool. Juju Cash only or you do card. I'll do it. How's it look? Does this fit? Yeah, it's quite a little wide in the ears. I can tighten it. Oh my god I feel so good out here. It was so cold in there. Oh no it's hot. It was over. I got one minute of pleasure. This is hot like week. So I tied this to me cool hat though. This does not go with this outfit but I will make it go with some of it. Who do you have for today? I Brandon Brandon who I always miss pronounce his last name. I can't to low. Brandon can't to low. He said I should probably get him out. I don't know. It's too much more fun to talk shit a lot of me behind his back video. Watch it later. He is a handsome devil. He's got like shizzle jaw and like eyes blue eyes. Dude if I was gay you're not gay. Oh it's a secret. You're the only one who knows. Good thing we're in the same town right now. Yeah. We're Florida. When we're only a couple miles north of South Beach. We gave Brad right back some of the. So Brandon by the way you know who we're here reminds you of. The Chad name. You know what the really good is. Draw line and the cheekbones and everything. Crazy thing is like speaking my amy everyone's getting like jaw and plants and stuff like that. Just chew more exactly. Yes. The jaws are size. Yeah. I think he had a classic surgeon tell me he wanted to read my jaw down. Down. Down. I can fix this. I'm like what make me look more feminine. I'm gonna. I'm a sales. Mr. right and food. I'm so emotional. Like you're like I take more steroids. You try to make a wider. Yeah. He's like you know how you got that right. I'm like chewing. He's like chewing and I'm like unsterious. You actually live with the barbell with your mouth. It's actually what I do too. It practices you for being gay. Yes. You can't get me off gay practice. I'm gonna be canceled too now. Danger. No you're on my channel. You're completely bulletproof. Because I've not monetized. Oh yeah. It's true. We're like stealth plumber. We fly under the rainow of the radar and censorship. So don't have a bodybuilding or just gave us. We can talk about. We're not about bodybuilding. Or do you want to talk about like toldy or something? What you think about the competition for the men's class so far. So I didn't get the walk all men's class. I saw basically the top two. It was Logan versus I actually didn't recognize the guy that was second place today. But Logan is so good. Honestly, I love if you have like a top 10 contender. I think Logan and walk on stage nearly 80% of when I show. Yeah, but I thought he was good. You see me up there. I didn't get to see up there. It's good. So it was probably very embarrassing. I don't really like when I look like on stage. Do you ever like what you look like on stage? Six months later when I'm fat. I look bad. I can't wait. I was like, how's he? He's a jogger, I like it. I can drive that. But there's so much cheap meals. Yeah, the angioteins and starts climbing a little bit. So how do you feel though? I'm actually really curious. I always ask this. Like when competitors are getting ready for show and stage. I say if someone isn't like enjoying the process of feeling good, physically and mentally, something's all for you. I think my smile was fantastic. I was there to have. You know, my goal was to get high to the 64 point one. Okay. So that I can have a weight cap of 82 going forward. One or two for the rest of my life. So I didn't give a fuck how I placed as long as I got the right height. Because you have to get high in three times. So I'm doing three shows. I'm coming in super flat to make sure I make weight. Yeah, in case they underhide me. But I did get at least one good height. And they goes with the highest height. So I got a 64 point five. So it means for the rest of my life. I'm a one a two. So you have to get two. So it's two out of the three. You have to be the high height. No, one of the what? You only have to get the highest of the three heights. Is the one that sticks. I think. Okay. So my understanding is when I did get two already. Okay. So my understanding is it's two out of the three. Whichever one it is, it's lower higher. You get which will one ever is the two. But I got a 64 point one Texas a 64 point five today. Okay. So that means that the work is going to bring me in at 182 for Centennial assuming I'm going to hit it. And if I don't, we'll just pop a diuretic and get down to 177. Yeah, be like that, right? Mebleau the kidney really. What happens to the fuck? I have two. Yeah, doesn't work fine. We'll show you starting to I have two. I can blow it out. They both blow at the same time. That's okay. You're. Minor details. Yeah. This is my. The analysis division. You know, we'll hook it up from my wheelchair. So. So. On life support. Yeah, but I'm a red button when Casey falls for the first Him ever I got to pose in life as a pro. And I actually heard cheers. So instead of the cricket to the R and B, which is what everyone does, they want to play it safe. I decided not to do the sheep thing. I decided to do the heaviest fucking shit possible. I actually reached out to the band. The band so unpopular they don't have a drummer. And it's like that's they're too heavy that no one He'll be able to play for them. Let alone listen to them. And I was like, you have to be a shit on earth. I want to play your music. I do my posing machine. So it'll be heavy a shit that has ever happened to look Fuck yeah dude. So I got full rights to use the music. So we don't have to do the bullshit where you're doing like the Makarina when you're closing. Dude I'm YouTube. I can actually play the real music. And I from understand I didn't nail it but I didn't. Not nail it. So you were in Florida. I'm a little bit disappointing. You didn't do no speaker Maricana. Ah that's okay. I don't know that kind of music. It was named that's that battle. It's Deers area, which is named after one of the ships in Warhammer 40K. Dude Warhammer is solid. Dude. Oh wait you don't play the video game. No I just read the books. I'm like that much of a nerd. See I've played the most recent Warhammer game it was solid. And white. You're blind. I'm legally blind. Oh see I just can't read about it. So I have a Tesla that drives me around and then I just bitch at it. Like my married to her. So that's like avert your place in a series. Yes, series is a little less dumb than my car. And then Nova is a step up from there. So they're having the three. Nova's said to me today she goes, Sorry. I'm not Siri that's your other AI. I'm like, I'm major jealous. She's like, you don't you can't make me jealous. You know what you want on Singware right? Well I don't know if Elon would date me. Oh man. I gotta work on my jaw straight. You're just recently released. Yeah. Yeah. I got a pump off Ashley's saying Claire to make room. Yeah. Who's that? The one that's the surrogate that he decided not to pay. Wait boy. Yeah. Well too much shacks. I don't fucking know dude. It's just like throw the bitch a million in college. Yeah. I got to be stiff in her. So I said her a message on Instagram. It's like, hey, if you learn to once you buy will. And then she bit respond believe it or not. Who's a whole imagine that? No. It's like, I'll pay for your baby. I don't know if you should. Your hot. It's like no. But she didn't block me. So it's like, you think I'm kidding too. No, I know you're not kidding. That's it. Why do we? We were watching me and my dungeon drag is because watching interview a few years ago with Charlie Spair on and she's like, nobody will ever date me and I just pulled up my phone and I start texting and then some girl like Amy who's in her game. She's not going to respond to you. I was like jealous much. You know, is this like, hey, Charlie's. I thought you were awesome. Three to two days in the valley. Did you respond? Fuck no. His basic lens. He only movie. She showed her to it. So she probably thought the wrong thing. I was trying to say that I've been your fan since your first movie. She heard that I like your tips. I mean, read him between the lines. Well, it's better than me saying, hey, I don't like your tips. That is factual. So speaking of bodybuilding. All right. So what did you do to Pete Brandon? Speaking Brandon. So he's we still in a hit weight cap, right? So his weight cap is two or two. We started the week. I actually dropped under weight cap leading the week, which we weren't expecting. We were in labs two weeks out. Low functioning thyroid. So. You're going to see three. Huh? T4. You're going to see four. Yeah. So you're using in prep. You get done really. You're a thyroid hormone. Right. Most commonly T4. Because of the T-D, I'm three pathically uprunulates. Correct. And yeah, usually you get it free in a thyroid hormone enough for a most of the Androgens that are being grown and it's like that. So we plug the whole at some inactive thyroid hormone in. So we're getting a drop functioning. And then as soon as that happened, we dropped nine pounds in seven days. And we were adding food in. So it allows for refutes. So you did it. And one of the metabolism tablets in a pickup. No, I did. You're going to add T3. You're going to add T3. It just depends. Right. Because the T4 is going to convert to T3. You still get all the T3 out of that. If the D3 pathways are ready to be activated, then the D4, T4 just converts into reverse T3. I still haven't seen it in practice. Usually. Usually 50 micrograms of T4 is enough to cause enough T3 to get the ball rolling again. And now GH is in the mix or anything like that. And the most common that C down ready to listen to T4 is growth hormone. Because the T4 can decrease the TBG. Forcing the T4 and T3 conversion. Yes. Okay. Correct. Yes. Yes. Yes. Because you already have that eight already in the mix. So that's usually that was at least my methodology behind it for a long time. And so that's really good. Even because of the antigens that are being deployed in the freeing of the thyroid hormone. Either way, T4 and things just start to click off. The biggest thing is like when your thyroid is in a good spot and you can add more food in, especially carbohydrates. It's like adding fuel into the fire. But it starts dropping cortisol levels down and starting information down. The D3 converts to T1. So we start getting T4 to T3 conversion to hydrate. Yes. Correct. So dopamine release before bed. So ketone and improvement. They start sleeping better and the ball starts rolling. So that's like one of the biggest issues that I see is like thyroid hormone gets too low. And you can't feed enough. You don't get enough micro nutrients or hydrates to really actually aid in like biological functions. And neurotransmitter health is something that people don't talk about. So I also use my knees. I'm going to soric acid or peak. I try to avoid that diabetics at all cost. No. With meals. I use my knees and glycinated at nighttime. Yes. We have prep right and 3 and 8 to get the blood brain barrier through it by 3 and 8 in the morning. A nighttime. So good. I still do before bed. And then what do we make sense to do in the morning too? Are you getting all this? Girls coming through. No, by the beginning of the girls. Because that would be ironic. I don't think people understand what we're looking at when you're getting a spot. Yeah. So during the whole time we were talking about the camera was controlling this. Oh, okay. That's the best. That's still important. You need to know. I don't think people realize. And every judge has a different subconscious mind. It's just a threat. Every judge has a different subconscious mind. So depends on the light. So I think this is it. I'm going to lay now now. That interview too. That I mean. Is this my phone or your phone? It's mine. All right. 13 Charles and 15 Derek. Let's go, John. Let's go. This is your switch. Go John. Let's go. This is your switch. Go John. Let's go. Number one. Angel come out. Join him and forward. Number one. Relax, child. We're so tired. Yeah, but yeah. Turn the face or your fat double license. Sit boys and girls. I'm going to pack up for tomorrow too tomorrow. Boca with tone, Florida. So that we can taste test. Good shit. The Bizzaker Friends.

Worry! You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. Kion, I are driving to Florida. This is the first 10 minutes of the journey. We are only two hours behind schedule, which is pretty much what I anticipated. I didn't expect to have to be on time, but he was. And then I plan on using the grill to make the chicken, so I could pack the car, load the car up while the chicken was grilling, but I ran on a propane. So for everything that can go wrong, when you're moving, that have one thing going on, we're good. That out of six or seven hundred little things to take with us, I have a 20 day supply of one thing when I get a 30 day supply. As usual, my car is being a bitch. I try to put it in an autopilot while I'm talking to you and it can tell I'm not paying attention to it. So it's being a needy little bitch. What I understand is why this thing doesn't have grunk built in yet. Like he has his own AI and the car works off of the AI, but it doesn't work off the AI that he has. It doesn't make my sense to me. So we're going to listen to Dominic Cousa's program for peak week. It's Dominic's my coach and I'm in peak week. I think we're four days out. Yeah. And how many hours do we have to drive? 23 hours at this time of the day. So the plan is not about 12 hours today and knock out 12 hours tomorrow and show up a day early. I booked the room for the third but today's the first and we don't need to be there to the fourth. So as usual, I am over prepared because if you're not early, you're late and if you're not over prepared, you're under prepared. And redundancy is the key to victory. So I've got like multiple things. The only thing I only have one of is posing trunks, which is a poor planning on my parachute, awarded additional poses and trunks. I have 12 new body building trunks, but I only have one classic physique post-junctions. And I didn't bring any of my body building post-junctions which was stupid because none of the shows I'm doing have an open division. So if I don't make way, I just don't get to compete. There's not like I can overflow from class akin to 12 like last year. There's no overflow. But I'm 179.1 this morning and I'm pretty sure my weight my weight cut off is 82 but if for some reason I shrunk by a tenth of an inch then it's 177. So we're planning on 177 and if as soon as I get a height at 64.1 we're good because the way it works is you would get height at three times and they take the highest height. So that's why I'm doing three shows. This is as long as I get a height at one time at 64.1 then when we do the Detroit Pro in February the real show then I will be able to come in at 182 and I'll look much better. But we're doing this whole season is just to bring me in at 177 so that I can guarantee at least one because we have to get you have to weigh in successfully three times. If I go say I come in at 64.0 and I'm 179 I don't get to compete and it doesn't count as one of those three. But once you've weighed in once you've been heighted in three times and one of those times is 64.1 then for the rest of my life my weight cut off is 182 unless they raised the weight cut off. But I'm in the five category not the five four category and I've been heighted at 64.1 every year for the last 10 years because even though I've never competed in classic I always height myself to make sure I'm 64.1 just to be on the safe side if I ever did switch to classic. Just until recently they raised the weights by seven you know it would have been 165 and I'm weighing in at 178 it would never would have worked. So now that they've raised it to 177 and I weighed in at 176 last year I was like fuck I should have just unclassed and that's the whole reason so we're doing the Florida Pro on the 6 then two weeks later doing the San Antonio Pro on the 20th and then a week later doing the Daytona Pro on the 27th so it made more sense to drive down to Florida and then drive to Texas and then drive back to Florida and spend a month down south then it did defy because flying the two of us five different times and renting a car would have been 15,000 bucks once it's all sudden done whereas this way we pay nothing for airfare you pay nothing for car rental and all I have to do is pay the Airbnb or the hotel so what I've learned is the downside to the Airbnb is chaos since most of these Airbnb's there's always something wrong and if you get an extended stay hotel with a kitchen and multiple bedrooms it's still cheaper than the Airbnb with two advantages you do have a communal washer and dryer you don't have to use the hotel's wash service which would you normally with a normal hotel and most importantly there's always a fitness center so I can get my fast and cardio in and if I'm doing something like arms I can just do it at the hotel with the cables, delts and arms can be done at the hotel so I can get an arm pump the day of the show and or the fast cardio the day is leading up to the show it's much more convenient plus you don't have to worry about random parking situations like an Airbnb if you're going to be at one Airbnb for a couple weeks then the ad makes sense but if we're going to be getting the Sarasota staying in Sarasota for six to seven days then driving to San Antonio and we're going to stop in New Orleans and we're going to stop in Houston then we're going to head up to Dallas then we're going to head down towards San Antonio hitting all those Airbnb's would be too confusing it's better off just staying at a home's two every time or something equivalent to a home's two it's gonna be a lot of fun we're gonna I'm not putting pressure on myself to win the goal is to make weight and get heighted at 64.13 times goal two is to have Dom learn my body peaking me so that he's better prepared to peake me when it matters which is the Detroit Pro when people can actually come see me in my hometown. Priority three is to perfect my posing and so priority four Kai can get the first ever recorded posing routine of me since even though I've been doing this 17 years there's never been a good recording of my posing routine with the music. I got the right from the band to be able to use the music so we don't have to worry about copyright because most of the people when they put their posem machine up and once it's tear and shruff and they don't actually have the posing music to the right music so it just looks fucking retarding. It doesn't make any sense to me like the posing has to be executed with the music now I know with a bodybuilding a lot of the bodybuilders they just wing it to some cool music and they like the song and it's not really choreographed but I ain't doing that shit not for classic I'm gonna take it seriously and I've choreographed this routine now they've neutered my routine and they cut it down from 90 seconds to 60 seconds because I don't know why but I've got a 90 second routine and if they cut the music off top shit I'm just gonna keep fit I'm gonna finish routine out because by the time they cut the music off it'll be 75 seconds then I just have 52 more poesis to do and I can rip through it a little bit faster but I've got the posing down pretty good next priority is to create a lot of great content with some cool people so my plan is on the way back from Sarasota to New Orleans stopping in Tampa and trying to get a training session in with Joe Bennett in New Orleans doing some you know horror tours like vampire and rice tour checking out Lafayette cemetery two or three because one's closed checking out some cool shit in New Orleans then in Houston I've got two or three patient slash clients in Houston I want to see plus Terran slives there you might want to do a training video hunter lives there you know the chances of me lining it up perfect is pretty low Logan Franklin's competing with me at the Florida Pro I'll ask him if he wants to give a training session in Houston you know and try to get back had the stuff done then in Dallas I'm supposed to train with Luke Miller and I'm gonna try to see if piano fit me in or Sean Clarita and of course I'm playing it by ear I haven't reached out to anyone yet because I don't know what days I'm gonna be there and then I did get a chance you it it's gonna do some content with me after the San Antonio Pro because he lives in San Antonio and after the Daytona Pro I'm driving up to Arkansas to shoot some content with Carlos Thomas Jr and if I can talk high and his girlfriend into it I'll probably will drive to the Olympia from Arkansas so we can hit the Olympian Vegas because we got all our shit like what difference a fucker make and I brought a lot of medicine so that I don't have to stop but get anything along the way and roll out to my seat wants to have me on his podcast when we're in Vegas then I need to make it back to Detroit in time for the third week in October because I'm getting a second here transplant the back of my head this time got the front of my head done and I liked it so much I'm gonna get the back of my head done because let's face it in classic you have to be one not ugly to have a small waist and three have hair I can't think of a single ugly classic guy a bald classic guy or a classic guy with a big waist and you're like but Todd if you're ugly and bald and have a big waist why don't you just stay in 212 it's because I'm only 176 I'm not growing and it's like you know guys a lot of people look oh this guy uses so much gear look how much he that's why I tried it is like nothing's working after three years of not growing between 2020 and 2020 to 3 I just said fuck it and we dropped the hammer and used a ton of GH and a ton of gear and my face grew extra skin like a sharp hay but I didn't get any more muscle so there's no fucking point to using more gear and guaranteed I know for a fact more food just makes me fat or more gear just makes my organ sicker that whatever the reason and then this year I used last year last GH that what I used to use was sort of 5.5 grams and 8 units of GH and I didn't push the food because of Alice theory that would be covering the autopsy and baldking video and I made more progress this year in a recomp phase with Dom on arms and lads then I did in the previous year blasting here so it's really all comes out of training training is way more important than food or gear so I strongly disagree with pub or nuts believe that gear is more important than training I think that that doesn't make sense to me because if you don't train your legs and you just train your arms to take a bunch of gear even if the gear works you're just going to grow arms whereas if you need legs you need to train the legs so the training is what matters because the training and the volume of the training and the quality of the training determines where you're going to grow now maybe you need gear too grow but after a more gear even if it did work it would grow everything equally including your waist and then as your waist gets bigger everything else looks smaller so the most important thing about your whole body is how small your waist is so it's circling back you're sending it to a transplant of hair to the back of your head right where is that coming from like I think you've been making me clarify this the donor set is the lower back of your head near your neckline okay and I'm putting it on the crown which is the top of the back of my head so you're worried about the scalp condition what's your condition? because you have that thing oh so if I didn't if I had a nice looking head like Chase or Paul I would or Kurt I would have just shaved my head or John Guit I don't have a problem with the ball of head look but I've got this disease where my I have swirls of scalp and it looks disgusting so unless I got tattooed to make it look even uglier and then just look scary and monstrous which I might do when I get older then what is it West Watson? what is this? yeah basically it looks so uglier I'd have to get like a spider web on my head and it's just not you know like it's not that bad but I hate when people take shots of you for because they act like it's like the act like it's a product of steroids or GH when it's like it's just something you've had to do if for a long time right it's that it's a it's a disease where you keep growing scalp and so where the scalp gets thick the hair dies and where the scalp isn't thick the hair is there so I have like these furrows like a grand canyon imagine if the grand canyon was full of hair and that's when my scalp looks like so if I shave my head it looks gross because it's this and I know this because when I got the transplant I shaved my head people would comment about how disgusting my head looked when I was walking down the um I was at the Arnold like a couple days after my hair transplant and people were just complaining like look how ugly that guy's head is and I couldn't wear a hat because it was too soon after the surgery so I had to walk around where there's thousands of people and I hadn't lifted in a couple weeks so I looked fat and soft and small and I had this or was you yeah limpier or something and people were commenting about how ugly the back of my head is and someone behind me was saying like dude can you switch you to me I don't want to look at this bad guy's disgusting head do that's so so I know I can't get away with the shaved head I have to have hair transplants I don't have a choice and I've tried everything and people are like oh in the Manthree I know mother fuckers my dad was bald by 30 my grandfather is bald by 30 I kept all my hair until I was 39 and then I listened to a coach who had me run a really aggressive cycle of stuff in between a six-month period between shows and it would normally the last week of extreme drug use blasts at seven weeks and that's high loss my hair so it was a combination of a ton of drugs and anti-estrogens and just to give you some context I had been having a lot of hair falling out the blast month because of the wind straw going in and the estrogen coming down and so that's how I lost my hair the first time and that's how I was starting losing here again this time I'd been on as much as 400 master in a day no hair was falling out but she put me on 50 wind straw and bring my estrogen down to single digits and my hair starts falling out so believe it or not I am more educated than you I am more experienced than you I do know what I'm doing and this is what the truth is for me now that is a mean that you won't lose hair with master on but I've never met a reliable credible person that lost hair with master on they are always doing other drugs nobody is ever just had zero drugs and went on a thousand master on and had their fallout that they were on 500 test and they didn't replace 500 test with 500 master on they added 500 master on to the 500 master on bound of the s h b g bumped off the d h t the d h t storm made hair shedding and then they just panicked and pulled out all the master on and that's okay I understand that they've got a very simple view of life it's kind of like when a dog's playing with a ball and then it drops the ball and it rolls under the refrigerator and starts scratching it through a refrigerator because it wants the ball back because if it scratches at the dirt outside it's able to dig and get to things but if it doesn't understand you can't scratch a refrigerator because it reproduces about a metal not dirt and that's basically like the intellectual level of the people I deal with when they're trying to tell me how I am about from a college you are now I'm going to be going to say that's arrogant that's arrogant in the sense that you find it offensive because I'm saying something that makes you feel bad about your intelligence and you're going to come up with an insult to beat me because you don't like what I said because I hurt your feelings examine that examine it and you'll understand that you're reacting to your feelings and lashing out and it is what it is well especially because you're not necessarily talking about that individual right if they choose to identify that way that's kind of on them yeah it's not like I'm saying to let some talking to them in Larry like hey Larry you've got the brains of a German shepherd actually no you're more in bread like a beijon you've got the brains of a beijon yeah that would be offensive you specifically yeah Larry this is just you Larry you're fucking more on your subhuman Larry now I can now listen to you like what a dick I don't like totally fokin the air with the red hot poker you know like but like if I'm just like dude I've had my head a long time I know what makes the hair fall out of it and what doesn't and master I mean it well people act like you've never done anything but master on it's like the master on you yeah oh my god like just because you came around yeah it doesn't mean that that was like that'd be like if they came home and I'm sitting on the couch with their mom and they thought the only woman I ever fucked was their mom it's like dude I get your sister too how do you think I'm much your mom Larry I did not fuck your mom or your sister it's a joke not a dick don't take it so hard earlier you said you're posing routine did they cut you specifically down from 90 to 60 or is it everybody yes they're like totally yeah like fuck you we don't like that core go fuck yourself you're gonna get that out from 90 to 60 it sounded very personal but they said because of the anticipated magnitude of master's competitors we probably won't have individual routines at pre-judging and the few people who do get to do their night routines will be reduced to 60 seconds okay so that was why we're gonna do a photo is at the pre-judging right and then yeah actual video later on right all right as we don't need video pre-judging we there's the live stream for that it's just not as interesting the first Tuesday Wednesday Thursday of every month is one enrollment opens okay so you're watching this if his comes out by Thursday go to J3 University you can google it google's a really great thing you should try that you don't need direct links J3 University and then in role and make sure you use the co-top 5 so that I actually get paid I know I'm being that brazen about it but you would not believe the amount of stupid motherfuckers that will reach out to me and ask me about J3 University I spend a long time selling it to him then they go on and don't use my code and I was like you mother fucker oh other good stuff we're doing the prototype for a bit of a circle friends you right now a bit of a circle friends you use an energy drink a lot of people bitch and moan oh my god I think it's period is named can't feed and I might actually grow some muscle so I keep on with an energy drink so you fucking cooked out methods have something to get high on and it is just clean energy like I don't get chittery I don't get angry I don't I just feel great and extroverted while I'm on it unlike coffee which makes me feel like shit this feels awesome and I've used it a few times over the past year and it's I've loved it every time today is the most I've ever used in my life it's a full serving what about you how you dig in love I'm liking it I'm thinking it might be a good idea to release a nasal spray version just to kind of rub it up I don't know if we could legally do that I mean I just give him a straw with the powder I would and just go ahead why even bother with the spray just and it comes with a straw and then you can just snort it right off of the countertop and have a heart attack like rich manna yeah a lot of people think he died from a steroid theory cumin in it is a zero zero zero play at plaque in his arteries he had a coronary vasospasm from snorting pre-workout is 5150 according to his girlfriend it wasn't okay they also found cocaine in his place okay well she told the whatever originally she told the pyrrhetics was cocaine then when it got out that she said that she said no I was mistaken it was pre-workout so the official story is that he died from snorting his own pre-workout and yes RIP I like rich I never dislike rich I'm not disparaging rich I'm just I whenever I think about snorting pre-workout I think of rich piano having our attack and I'm just like yeah I don't want to snort pre-workout or anything else didn't she snort halo right before walking on stage that was before rich died oh okay I didn't like all this we're gonna go up from a lot of showover no no and I did it to intimidate the other people I didn't do it for the effect of the halo they're like what is that I'm like a halo what do you do with it all crushed up and I snorted it I was like now I'm gonna fuck everyone up and I started flexing and pumping like posing and I was shredded that ear and so it drove up the court is all of all my competition so they got softer and I got harder that's how the halo worked with mind control and you're like well why did you use halo one just you sugar I'm looking for try to snort sugar I'm not gonna say snort halo and not snort halo like I'm gonna say I did something I don't know do it the Vicky Vicky is gonna make a video like no it only deducted a tautly he was for 1400 trend a week he also snorted halo and it's like I used 1400 trend in one week one time and never did it again because it didn't help and I snorted halo one time and it's like man he lies like the truth thinking he's looser for everybody ends up just coming across the bridge I just love that he runs burner accounts and comments on anything of like like all the videos that I'll put out of like you won't receive a bunch of others he just comes on saying something that affected like all these people are idiots all these people are like just coming out of fucking nowhere I really miss that guy Victor Black like he really put out some great information because they really just propping himself up in all these comments that are all coming from one account but it's so expensive he'd be for that only out of nowhere before he made his course he watched my course then when he told me he watched my course to be polite I paid for his course then he made a post about how Dr. Todd Lee watched his course and that's where I got all my material from and he put my the receipt of with my real address up and I'm like dude that's doxy me you're pretty madra but he's like that's a business address I'm like mother fucker I know what address it is it's mine my business address is my house take it down right now or go to jail and so he took it down I'm surprised he's a good down he was doxy me yeah like he's got a sign on his house this is Victor Black school of blackitude or whatever it's like it's not like I can't get on a plane and fly to Thailand and settle this he's not in hiding he's not looking to some have been locked and living in a spider hole and Afghanistan he's got a fucking giant building with his name on the side of it and fucking Thailand where there's no laws you're in a fray of his uh his bike again oh my god so this is one person I mean I would hate his bike or game to help me it's like all right guys your your Victor's friends he has like are you this much of his friends is like I want you to hold them I'm gonna give him some of the grab like a wrench and I'm like I'm gonna give some dental work for him to Victor so he's missing teeth I'm gonna even him up so he can get some uh dentures put in this is a joke I'm not really gonna fly out to Thailand and smash Victor's face and with a wrench but to be fair he's gone really far I mean the whole Victoria Black thing right I was in Chicago and I just saw all that shit blowing up my phone of when he was impersonating a woman named Victoria Black trying to like bait you into some weird which was so funny he's like I'm in an arbor mission and I'm like oh really that's like 40 minutes from my house and that was it that's all I said I didn't say we should get up we shouldn't try to train together and then say we should get coffee and he put it up like look at Todd Lee's a creeper trying to seduce women and then Paul just let him have it like that was the last drop Paul like just let him the fuck up and then I talked to cream about it and I was like was there something creepy about what happened he's like she's like always the polar opposite of creepy he was almost trying to put himself out there and you just ignored it like there's no way you could have handled the situation any better you were polite and disinterested I don't know sometimes I just get caught up on the entertainment value of his accounts it's just it just reads so heavily into like the meth head paranoid territory it's see I'm wildly entertaining I can't help it but respond and then he cuts my responses pit posted as a new post and then misrepresent what I say it's like Victor says what I say and misrepresent the way that Kurt misrepresent scientific finding like oh this is a shorter half life therefore it's more anabolic it's like and here's the proof and it's like and people are dumb and they're like oh I don't understand what you said except for that at trend and half that's an athlete's more anabolic so must be true because I just heard it and it's like no no there's no fucking evidence that a higher peak equals more anabolic effect even if you even if the higher peak was a stronger anabolic signal in the absence of more conversion of DHT and estrogen then you would still have a lower area into the curve because of the crash but the peak really results in more conversion of DHT and that's jadelle which means you're getting less total test under the curve and the proof of that is how people's total test goes up if they switch to daily injection for me the whole testcipient aid versus an antheth thing I don't know like it's interesting when you guys when you dive into like the nitty gritty of it you actually draw the comparison but functionally I always feel like who gives a fuck to some extent if I ran out of sipping it and I had an antheth I feel like I would just use that because eventually it's going to be the same fucking thing the astras are similar enough yeah it's 70% toss with her one and 69% of tests for the other and you have a slightly more sought tooth with an athlete but you won't feel the difference between sipping an athlete it was never tangible for me but his theory thatcipient aid doesn't isn't used because of the advising ring is so stupid because anybody could just look at their blood work and see that home when I didn't use test I had a 200 and when I do use testcipient aid I have a 1500 clearly it's working and he never brought up that study ever again after I raked it over the cold on Instagram like I just trashed the shit out of that study and never brought it up ever good it just feels like it was going for low hanging fruit from a tree that people just don't give a fuck about just to try and make a point well I think trying to make a sure up shit because he saw how big of a deal I made when I went master on versus premo yeah that's so clear for him he was trying to get a sipping a versus an athlete is trying to go for an easy one but an easy one that's that or no it's it just seems completely different comparing comparing to long acting extras versus comparing to completely different compounds I don't know all right just what's another topic you want to cover well how are you feeling today we haven't really touched on that inside from the energy I know you've got the berserker yeah I was really tired the last four days those waking up for you so I just kept going the gym on an empty just doing a protein shake going the gym just so I could get them workouts done and it was going good all the way up until Sunday yesterday where I was dragged I meant to take some berserker before I went to the gym so I could be alert and I had a really hot even though Saturday I had a really easy leg workout and I went amazing and you know how I was doing the sissy squats but when my butt went back I would have board the set yeah I just let my butt go back and I got 12 more rough doing I was still like my heels weren't touching I was just doing them a regrossed way so I got 10 reps the hard way and then 12 more reps the easier way but my heel still wasn't touching so I got way more upper lateral quad stimulation and then I went over to the the pendulum squat and it was amazing it didn't hurt my knees at all so not only did I come up with a way of making that sissy squat more efficient because I can turn it into a drop a regrussian drop set and get twice as many reps and now have another great tool to get the upper lateral quad because those the pendulum squat really hit the lateral quad that way when I did that way so and now that doesn't mean I could do the pendulum squat first and get no knee pain or get the same response but I certainly could follow my sissy squat slash heels off hacksquat two sets with two sets of pendulum and then finish off with two sets of leg extensions and just get six sets every four days rather than four sets every two days so I think my Saturday or slash Sunday leg workouts when we get back are going to be amazing and I know exactly how I'm going to train one more down we're going to do and because you know absolute recum yeah they've got all panata they've got new tack they've got so many great brands I've never used a panata like extension I never used a banana leg curl I've never used a panata hack squat I've never used a panata pendulum squat so I'm really excited to use the equipment there and it doesn't have to be complicated I could do a panata leg curl panata sissy squat hacksquat and regression set then I could do panata seated leg curl then a pendulum squat and then add doctor and then leg extension so four sets of hamstrings two sets of add up to six sets of squats and I might recover and when as soon as we recover from leg is just headed again and in the interim we just go upper one day arms next or I might go just back and just and then you know I do back and then the transition is rear toe superset pat deck and then finish with presses and then be done with it and then the next day going into try set by set supersets with the IGF one yeah and then finish with middle doubles just to spread the volume out a little bit so as that's till keep you on two rest days awake or you down to one so it would be it'd be like back and chest delton arms and then it'd be legs then it'd be off so it eating legs every four days but if my legs aren't recovered I would just like if my legs aren't recovered when we come down to legs again take the off and then the next day so it might go like upper arms off upper arms legs off and that's seven did she it legs once every seven days this is it once every four days but it's I'm getting to hit the quads from different all three of the best ways possible my legs grew the best when I was hitting legs every five days with three sets of leg extension two sets of hacksquads four sets of leg curls three sets of adductors and three sets of caps every five days they grew great like that it was until I went to twice a week lecturing but at the same time I dropped my rep range is because that's a Paul Carter advised that's when I got a tour my ad doctor tore my hamstring and then tore my quad I just got so good with those high reps and now using junecky style of training and milking the negative is totally different than controlling the negative it's so much more efficient and I used to do that anyway on the second set like usually by the thing you do the second set you're feeling every man or second of the whole set eccentric and concentric in the target muscle so you're getting like half as many reps but you could just do because you're chasing the logbook for the first set on the second set you don't give a fuck about the logbook you're just trying to go for feel now I just go for feel on every set and I just keep a record of how it went and if I'm really making progress the logbooks just progress and not chasing the logbook the logbook is just a record and then it should be progressing otherwise you're doing too much volume or you're not sleeping enough or you're not eating enough or you're not enough care and then since I got back from LA and I've been training like that I didn't even decrease the weight I didn't even really decrease the reps intentionally but now I'm doing more weight for more reps and before LA but I'm doing it with them more controlled and not that I didn't have control before but I have a way more control because I'm not exploding in the concentric controlling the negative I'm squeezing the concentric and then we're anti-squeezing a reverse squeezing the negative and then in the stretch position I'm not relaxing it to the stretch position I'm going to the point I'm increasing the joint angle to the maximum point before I lose tension but I'm still maintaining tension holding it for a full second and then squeezing it up again and using the semi roller under the heels on the axe what is so hard to keep it there versus just doing this as he squat with the axe what it's just easier you just have to go light enough towards not stressing out your knees so you've got about three weeks after this show into the next one two weeks two weeks okay what does the process look like for like a rebound going into because I mean you're going right into having to peek again right so we'll basically treat the next week like a normal cutting week where the oils go back in and then when it comes to seven days out we repeat the peak week again and then between the second show and third show it's only a week so there is no more oils going in it's just going to be a third peak week in a row and then my plan is after the 27th resume and HRT amount of test which might be an in a normal person that's 20 to 40 in me if I didn't see it 70 it would put me in like a 45 50 estrogen aisle but I wanted his experiment with meant but meant is a very astogenic so what I'll probably do is just do 20 test or 40 test a day which will probably put me in a much lower ester dial like 30 or something and then we're just going to escalate the mat started five milligrams a day because it's acetate not an anthane not that I like short esters but that allows us to get immediately to the results and then to pull it back down if it gets to the excessive well when you're in this short of a window of time between this and the surgery that we have exactly three weeks to experiment so it's like I can go five milligrams then go up to five milligrams twice a day then go up to 10 milligrams in the morning five milligrams in the evening and maybe as much as 20 milligrams a day because if it's all I'm running right if I'm using 20 or 30 or 40 tests and running five 10 15 maybe even 20 meant as long as the ester genes under control and we're not getting any nipple or I know like let's say we're at 20 or 30 let's see who do 40 test a day all right then that's almost pushing I will do 30 test a day and then five meant a day and then after three or four days if there's no nipple tenderness go up to 10 meant a day and then if there's your four days if there's no nipple tenderness go up to 15 meant a day and if there's no nipple tenderness after you know by the you know I wear the two week mark we're up to 20 meant a day now the nipples are starting to burn we go back to 30 with 15 meant a day we go back a step and then throw in 20 to max if I'm twice a day to knock out the nipple thing so we know exactly what the upper limit was at that test of that much meant now could we have mitigated this could we have introduced 15 EQ or lowered the test and benefited from the 20 meant probably so probably what we do is at the time is we be like mmm rather than pulling the to melt down from 20 to 15 again why don't we bring the test down from whatever it's at let's say 40 to 30 and stay at 20 meant and then run the tomoxophone and then run and then after three days to max if it'll take care of any mass that's developed and then we pull the tomoxophone and we're cruising we would have also another way as soon as the nipple tenderness happens I would immediately go in and get a normal estradiol and a ultrasound-sensitive estradiol and again a normal test DHT- estradiol and an ultrasound-sensitive test all at the same time and an IGF1 and you see like okay on 40 tests I'm at 1600 test I'm at 30 DHT and I'm at a 40 sensitive estrogen but I'm at a 100 non sensitive estrogen because it's picking up the methyl estrogen the seven-methanol estrogen from the mat it's like okay so the ments accounting for two thirds of the estrogen and the DHT is pretty good at 30 what we could do is cut down on the aromatization by adding in some EQ or we could just lower the test so if the DHT was 70 I would lower the test down from 40 to 30 if the DHT is like 30 I would like we're better off just lowering the aromatization because maybe the lowering the aromatization will neuter the ments anabolic effects we don't know so that's a good question is is my IGF1 a seven or eight hundred or is it only a 400 if it's only a 400 then the estrogen isn't really being that anabolic it's just being destructive because it's finding the estrogen alpha receptor more than the estrogen beta receptor if on the other hand we've got got dim and I am paying attention fucking bitch on the other hand the IGF1 is super high then we know that that estrogen is really working great we need to add in master on to compete with the estrogen alpha receptor so if the estrogen isn't helping at EQ if the estrogen is helping and turning add in master on it so it does methyl estradiol aid in the conversion of GHT I don't know the same way as we don't know we'll find out but what we do know is that it's a weak binder so the methyl seven alpha methyl isn't as bad as real estradiol for stimulating estrogen alpha but it lasts so long that it will still do the job so DIM or IP3 will help clear that estrogen and then equal would help stimulate the estrogen beta receptor but it would also decrease the DHT conversion so there's these different tools we could use but to me it's basically gonna be a point where all right we got a tenor nipples we can either lower the test lower the month or add any Q if the IGF1 isn't that much better or the IGF1 is a lot better add in master and then you know we can keep driving up the mat like how high can we drive that mat because that meant supposed to be so antibiotics so maybe 25 or 30 a day which is insane like the most of ever heard of someone ever using is 15 per day and not having huge problems so my estimation is 30 tests a day 15 meant a day will be the upper limit of safety and then to go higher with the men EQ would have to be introduced or master on a patch me to do but even if we were running 30 tests a day and 15 meant a day that's only 40 that's only gonna be a 315 a week so not two grams a week point three grams a week would be the upper limit on those drugs so to me the next logical step is add in 10 milligrams of trend and a f8 maybe that would be in the whole time to amplify the GH conversion IGF1 conversion from GH so maybe trend will be in there the whole time is and then maybe DHB would be a good antibiotic to use because it's an in between trend and master on an effect so maybe 20 or 30 DHB maybe 25 and a draw pre-training and then maybe anywhere from 20 to 100 master on a day so let's say you're running 30 tests a day 10 trying a day 15 meant today 20 DHB per day and a hundred mass trying a day so what does that come out to be? a 30 test 15 45 55 75 75 plus a hundred a hundred and 75 plus 25 anodrol 200 so now we're at 1.4 grams and we've got a very anabolic mixture and but that's way too many drugs for a normal person understand I'm nobody normal at a variable it's just way too complicated for most people like all use a thousand tests and 800 EQ and I thought a good amazing results and they're probably going to lose their hair or they're going to use a thousand tests and a thousand pre-mo and they'll get amazing results but they're probably going to lose their hair or they could use 300 tests and 1500 mass trying and they'll get amazing results and they'll keep their hair but this is a way more advanced thing because I'm leveraging all of the extra anabolic pathways from the meant and the trend and the anodrol which all works synergistically the DHB doesn't do anything special the master on would block the meant methyl estrogen from binding to the estrogen alpha receptor without decreasing total estrogen levels so it didn't get in the way for the adgeflon conversion and that of course the test is in there just as and we don't even need the test as an estrogen delivery mechanism we'd basically be using the test is just a DHT delivery mechanism which I really don't want there's like a test would almost have no place in the cycle you almost don't even need test meant would do everything the test you want the test to do I feel like it's actually a more interesting way to go about it if you plan on using meant as the substitute for the test base and time so in other words it's a stand out for the show don't even go back on test just start running mud I mean I think that that would legitimize the experiment more you're right there's due there's really no three weeks then I got to pull everything because I'm going to get blood work for the hair transplant and the docs cool about it because I'm a doctor so I was like do you really need me to have medical clearance because I can just write my own note he's like well that's kind of pointless just get a 12 lead at KG because we were talking about blood work and he realized like you know surgeon he doesn't understand what I'm talking about with blood work but he's not egotistical enough to where he's going to throw a stink about it and I guess the anesthesiologist works for him so they're not going to be bitching whereas normally the anesthesiologist said oh I'm not going to work on someone to visit this but in theory I can play the game this way I can just use the meant because it's acetate and pull it three four days before the surgery and I can honestly say I'm not on any steroids that's there's literally nothing in your system at that point and then it's not like they're testing from metabolites but it doesn't it doesn't even matter like nothing is active anymore I'm completely neutered and then I can go right back on the meant afterward you know like post surgery I probably wait two weeks because of there's a collagen situation but basically two weeks later BPC TB500 GH IGF1 I don't basically figure it out with Dom is to win those should go back in but it'd be BPC he didn't the doctor didn't know what BPC was he didn't ever hear of TB500 GH KCO he knew what GH was but he didn't know what had a healing application so all of nothing builds collagen better than GH and all of the studies that are talking about how steroids are bad for collagen or for tendons that's not true it makes count tenons stiffer so what it's doing is this increasing collagen type one but it's not increasing collagen type two so it's making them stronger but not elastic so they'll be stronger till they snap so as long as you don't lift too heavy so it'll make you stronger but it'll make you less tough you'll be stronger to a point and then you'll tear but if someone falls my advice then they never listen to Paul Carter and they use reps in the 10 or higher rep range or they're doing eight or six reps super slow not doing explosive reps or bouncing off their tendons as a recoil mechanism then you don't need the elastic and the tendons furthermore the GH does provide the elastic so if you're using GH and antibiotics you'll get more type one from the antibiotics and more type one and type two from the GH so this theory that tendons steroids make your 10 and stiffer and likely to rupture is irrelevant if you're using GH and this is a mechanism of GH independent and I've had you have one so all those people who are like two units is good enough and blah blah blah is like look the more you use the more fat liberation you got the more iGF one type three binding protein is probably going to get released the more iGF one you synthesize if you do it multiple times a day not just plastic before bad and you're going to get better collagen synthesis now people are concerned like well if you do it multiple times a day you're going to have insulin resistance it's like not exactly because the iGF one you're synthesizing increases in insulin synthesis they're looking at GH in a vacuum they're not looking at GH and the iGF one together and what's the cumulative net result so it's same thing with the iGF with the collagen type two if the even if the steroids decreased collagen type two synthesis it doesn't decrease as much as a GH increases so if you get plus one to type one from the steroids and minus one to type two from the steroids but you get plus two to type one from the GH and plus two to the collagen from the last in type two collagen from the GH then your net result is collagen type one plus three and collagen type two plus one so you're still getting more elastin and more stable you're getting stronger tendons and you're getting more resistant to tear tendons just at a three to one ratio not a one to one ratio and nobody looks at it that way nobody looks at it with intelligence at all and Nathan went through and Ella went through into the research for me and showed me the studies they never really tested the tendons they tested the skin in anovar so the skin in anovar showed the collagen increase they never tested the tendons to show trend decreased tendons strength that they retro-spective study looking at the tendons strength of steroid users who are on eight or nine different steroids not one person at eight or nine but they literally had a pool of people and they all list which steroids they were on and they wrote down all the steroids those people were on and the average person was had weaker tendons than they height the thedical normal person but it's not like they had an identical twin who never used steroids and did a tendon biopsy and compared it to the steroid identical twin who used random assortment of drugs no there is nothing smart about this at all so none of these even if their theories were right that a decreased elastin they have been proved it because they didn't do any fucking studies about it they're extrapolating data from rat and rabbit tendons and then comparing it to humans what this what rats and rabbits don't live fucking wait they're not on a high protein diet they're not doing any of the things we do so there's no reason to believe this another argument is going to be well people get pectares it's like they get pectares because they're lifting too strong they're lifting with too much weight so they get stronger and a faster right to make it tougher and even if that applies to the tendons as well that's not the point like the trend twins Mikey would not at tors peck if the guy wasn't doing one raps with 500 pounds bouncing it off his chest you keep circling back to geniki geniki's 280 pounds the angle in fucking 400 pound bench the angle in such a one he might be a very slow and controlled with the pause in the stretch position with maybe 300 pounds for eight if you were to extrapolate the weight but he'd be doing a more intelligent exercise anyway like he uses machines like most smart bodybuilders too that are that are engineered and specifically to grow the pucks not put pressure on the joints only fools would be using a barbell a flat barbell in 2025 or someone who's a eagle lifting which would be a fool and of course this power lifting is different because the sport is the actual lifts themselves so a power left or using a chest machine would be like a bodybuilder doing cardio when he should be doing posing like janji would just have an awesome fucking post the other day where you know in sports you want specificity so nothing is more specific to bodybuilding than posing and nothing gets your heart rate up as high as posing so posing should be the primary form of cardio because it works your heart better and you're training the skill you do when you compete whereas using a piece of cardio equipment for fat loss is neither optimal for your heart nor is it have anything to do with preparing you for posing on stage in fact it's the opposite result you want because it converts the two a fibers from something up more approximating a two x fiber to it's a one fiber so it makes your legs smaller so you're making your legs smaller and you're developing a skill that isn't a useful skill so posing would always be the better option than cardio certainly hit cardio not that there is in a place for a cardio but my heart rates way higher when I do posing than when it is when I do cardio my heart rates way higher when I do posing than it is when you're lifting and so it's funny that the scientists are now doing studies showing that posing is way harder on your heart than lifting or cardio equipment that where bodybuilders are seven their whole lives like posing is by far the hardest thing you could do and no one believes you until they start to impose you like this is brutal because people think it's like yoga and it's like maybe it would be like yoga but take a 200 pound muscular man and have him to yoga that shit's so much harder than a flexible woman who's got 10 or 20 pounds of muscle stretching 10 pounds of muscle is a lot easier than stretching a hundred pounds of muscle it's one tenth is much work which means your heart and lungs are doing one tenth is much work also and what's funny is in the comment section there's a lot of women coming on saying is this a plight of women and it's like in most people we're saying like no women's posing is nowhere near as hard as men's posing because one the poses are harder and then two you're flexing and stretching more muscle and women are also lighter so again every permutation it's less stressful so a lot of people like oh bikini posing super hard it's like that's nice but it's not the same thing as bodybuilding posing because you got to think like why would the worlds best bodybuilders be terrible at posing unless it's so hard they're not terrible it's just that it's just that much harder when you're that much bigger like posing a 220 pounds is way harder than posing a hundred me pounds I feel a lot better now that we got this shit knocked out that will make it to Atlanta and midnight kind of really nice place for us tonight so I'll plenty of room because we bring it up to unpack the whole fucking car to cook all my food for tomorrow and have all my sleep stuff and I gotta do an absinthe salt bath and posing and check in with the tripod so it's gonna be like two hours or more so maybe two o'clock in the morning will actually be getting to bed and then we can check out at 11 and then we only have eight hours to drive to get to the second place and I change the reservations so we can check into Maro Tuesday which means we have all day one's day to work out and relax and for prep rather than having this been three hours three days driving we just spend two days driving yeah the downside of that is it's gonna throw off my sleep cycle a little bit but the whole point of resetting my sleep cycle to go to about 11 and wake up at seven was so that on the peak week everything would be on schedule and head I plan this out a little better we wouldn't be checking in at midnight in Georgia we'd be checking in and Chad Nuga around 10 o'clock but I didn't do it right I was I wasn't thinking about how many hours is gonna take just to check in and then cook the food and then take the ups and salt bath so maybe two o'clock in the morning I'll be going to bed maybe I'll be able to sleep until nine it's not perfect but whatever I can't refine the price of the room and it took so long to set up is what it is we literally have to unpack everything yeah but having to move in to three hotels in three days is a lot worse than having to move into two hotels in three days yeah now this won't be bad at all how many hours have we logged so far driving it's eight and a half okay hasn't felt that bad we didn't drive it was you didn't know I still know it drives but why is it going so fucking slow why is this a to max 64 you turned on the you have a not by that much now I have to put my foot on the gas the whole time I wish I knew how to adjust the max speed I know that is an option so what tell me and try to wake up the day off the fucking final the most the most important thing is getting the most sleep possible because the more you sleep the better you look in the morning I'm not gonna set an alarm unless it's the last minute especially if we're doing self-taining like if we're not gonna even spray me that I don't have to worry about it because we have control of Thursday I'll get two coats and if it looks like shit when we wake up on Friday morning I'll jump in the shower rinse it off and we'll put the mahogany coat on and if it doesn't look good I'll rinse it off again and then we'll go in and have them spray me at the show for touch ups I mean as soon as I put food and water in me I think I look like shit but that will be the final arbiter and how we peek I mean in general I don't sleep the night before really but I've never had so many good sleeping pills so right now I'm able to cook knock my ass out and I'll stay out for four or five hours and then I'm up but so the last four days and I got four hours four hours five hours and seven hours and it was really catching up to me today so we get eight hours tomorrow like if we wake up at 10 a.m. fine yeah I'll have to check out said 11 and I'm like I don't give a fuck you might dick bitch I want to even do charge me another 200 bucks oh well I'd pay $200 to get two more hours asleep it means I'm gonna do that much better the next day welcome I still believe it 11 and we drive eight hours we get there seven p.m. you know I mean yeah on a Tuesday that's time enough for me to go to the gym and get an upper body and then in Wednesday I can do arms and then Thursday I don't live otherwise I have to do upper body and Wednesday Thursday is arms and check in and paint and athlete meeting and have Dom look at me I'd rather than get the gym out of the way on Tuesday and Wednesday and have Thursday just deal with show stuff but of course if the fitness center has cables I can just do the arms in the fitness center Thursday morning and then stop a problem how close to stepping on stage Tuesday usually like to hit your left I don't know it doesn't matter what I think everything is up to Dom because he's the coach I do not ever say anything yeah that's how coaching works I will when I've self-coached I look like shit that's why I hired a coach I can coach someone else but I can coach myself but in general in this situation if Dom was unavailable and I had to do this myself then I would say you would pump up lats out pump up arms because that's the weakest body part and it doesn't put any strain on your system it just allows your arms to get bigger and I would do it probably the morning of the show like unless I slept in my paint if we reinstoff the paint one downstairs got an arm pump then put the paint on about the oh shit now this is turned off now we turned that off the second time fuck because I want you to face me's got another warning thing yeah it's now for the next two hours I have to drive oh fuck all because of this construction and I had nothing to do with me so that's two of the five strikes and we end the first day and you said it's two weeks to get rid of one strike I don't know it's said you read it yeah did it say that I thought that's what we determined I know but I didn't see it flashing that time well I'm not going to go get another strike just to read it it's a week it's not a big deal because we're going to be not driving for almost a whole week but that'll be a nightmare if we have to action drive by the one the car driver itself okay so if you get five strike out events you'll get suspended for one week from any kind of auto steer when does one of they drop off three days a week two weeks doesn't say it just says you get banned for one week no if you get a dime there is a a cinema time before those are dropping I know I'm trying to find it but it's okay if you get the one week suspension your reset to zero strikes I don't that's weird I know but I've they have to just drop off without you getting all five of them yeah how fast can we check in so one thing we could do is I could walk in deal with the front desk while you load up the shit on a dolly once you get the card we take the card whatever we want to call it it's on a dolly take the card and we'll get into the room start unpacking it like you don't need a brand new camera shit in it's just my cooking and sleeping because you can use there bedding and stuff you don't have to remake the bed with black I don't have to make the brief back make the bed with black sheets the first day I don't even need that piece of luggage I just need the food the right the air fryer my sleep bag my CPAP and probably I guess I don't even need the tripod because you can take my check in pegs yeah I need my medicine and my supplements but I don't think I need box one of medicine I just need box two of medicine so that should be like yeah so we need the box two of medicine we need the air fryer the cooler on you is my one overnight bag and my CPAP all right cool and I may have CPAP so I only need my CPAP my red sidevation bag medicine box two supplement box a couture bonds box and cooler and my pillows and then once I get up to the room I can make let's see how do I do this while the chickens defrosting I'll do the absent salt bad then we do the check in picks get use the scale to get my weight then I will prep all the food for tomorrow and while and then eat while I'm prepping the food and eat my last meal after sticking my sleeping pills on an empty stomach so that I'm half asleep when I sit down to eat the last meal then I lay down and I'm out so we might be able to pull this off in minimal amount of time is ten minutes at the front desk ten minutes moving stuff into the room 20 minutes of absence all bath ten minutes checking in and then 30 minutes of well you don't have to make one meal for each of us I don't have to make all the meals for each of us and then the morning we wake up I make meal walk oh I got to check in again go down to the fitness center and get in 20 minutes of cardio then come back up do vacuums and prep food then last eat meal one while you're carrying stuff down and loading the car up because everything will be done except for that meal and then we can just go so in theory I guess it really doesn't matter we don't have to be efficient with a time to marvel just anything we can put out for tomorrow we should do that because I want to get in bed as fast as possible sleep is a priori so then I'm going I'm asleep by one or one thirty as opposed to two yeah I've been up since one thirty yesterday PM yeah you didn't sleep all night I had a pack oh there's so much shit I have like five cameras so they'll help I have every positive means for me I had the best I spent six months preparing for this week by sleeping I'm time and then last night I didn't get to bed until three because game ran over and then tonight and I I was up from I slept from I think three until seven so I took three until seven and then I was up and then yeah so when four hours four hours five hours four hours and then we might get eight hours but that means that we sleep until ten which I guess it's not the end of the world because Wednesday I'll probably be going to bed like ten a PM or eleven PM waking up at like seven Thursday waking up probably around seven and then ideally Friday waking up closer to eight nine but we'll probably wake up at seven so I'll have to spend my wheels for four hours or more and Donald have to struggle to keep the look all day as I keep eating and drinking and then so I guess going to bed late on Sunday and Monday won't really affect my circadian rhythm and I'm overacting but are we really I should not have pushed it to Atlanta I should have checked us into somewhere in China no good why do you think he felt so ambitious just want to see how far we came wasn't an option at the time it was saying it's either Cleveland or Atlanta so I was like well we'll get to Atlanta at eleven forty let's do that and then once I reset the tracking or whatever for the hotel in Atlanta then we're gonna recharge and Chad Nuga at nine forty and look that's a much better time and I can't refund the room and it wasn't that expensive it's 300 bucks but yeah I don't want to redo it again no just to spend 300 bucks to go to bed two hours earlier my plan is if I get back to the room after my fast and cardio in the morning tomorrow and you're still asleep even if it's like seven a.m. I'm I'm gonna wake up okay so that we can get on the road as fast as possible and get where we're going as fast as possible yeah because the scenery get there better the rest of everything on the because lately if I wake up I'm up like I mean not I can wake up and peeing it back to bed but if I can lay back down in 40 minutes and one fire I'm still awake I'm up there's no pulling so my eye mask is in my CPAP gag my reservation bag has chargers a power strip my speaker and my cell phone too so I've got sound so I've got sound the absence of light the CPAP that's and I can set up multiple chargers to charge my normal phone in my headphones I really should have prepared my final meal before we left but I figured I'd want to eat it fresh and hot what do I really need I need my mashed potato flakes one two of the avocado things that chicken so what's not in the cooler that I need I need the mashed potato flakes and the avocado I mean no potato flakes and the avocado so basically the air fryer box and the cooler and I just take two things out of that box and stick it in out of the food box and put it in the air fryer box that would suck if I forgot the salt and that would fucking blow well they'll have salt in the lobby would it be in that box yeah I remember packing a whole fresh salt grinder okay I didn't break down my kitchen I bought one of everything extra so like it's a new onion a new garlic a new parsley a new salt a fresh bottle of mac oil three fresh jars of almond butter rice cakes of caramel and non-caramel three bags of rice that are small and easily transportable the rice cooker 200 cups multiple bags of peasants carrots multiple packages of chicken tenderloin so like I really don't need that much stuff to cook for the food so I need the CPAP bag the red salvation bag everything I need to sleep the absence salt I need this one bag of absence salt I need my medication to box because the medication to box is different medication one box everything I need to go to bed on the first night is in the medication to box and what I would take in the morning who nope it's not worth risking it we'll bring both medication boxes because I don't think I put the back water in medication to box I think it's the medication one box oh and then the nope I was smart and I took one package of needles and put them in one of the other medication and one of the supplement boxes the other 19 packages of needles are in the gray case plus I have some of my club box and alcohol swaps right here I double packed things like that where in case I forgot something I hid everything I would need oh I need my trunks I don't know I think the trunks are in a random box no the trunks are put in with the tanning stuff but you know what I know this is stupid but it just makes more sense if I'm going to be the front desk to have you could just grab as many boxes as possible to take them up and that sucks it will just be moving twice as much should as we need to two times but then we don't have to waste time getting your fucking around and then I'm gonna come back out to the car for one thing and then going back up there we realized there's something else up there that we needed yeah get really annoying definitely don't need the rice box I guess I should basically help you unpack the car with everything we're gonna need and then go in and talk to the people while you load up the car I have absinced soft bath it's gonna be so much fucking time and then the check-in and then the people scale it's just anything up so much fucking fun because we're just listening to that podcast where Dom is talking about uh not podcast because he's a glass in plan we're Dom was talking about the purpose behind the absinced soft baths it's so funny I just checked he's like if you can't get any pics tomorrow fast that don't worry about it no we can get those tomorrow no problem yeah it's just the absence of bath is gonna be kill my time is absence of morning the only thing that's gonna be a pain in the butt is the absence of bath tonight but getting pics tonight and tomorrow will not be hard so it's up to you because I'm gonna be getting to Atlanta at 12 which means I'm not gonna be getting the bed tilt to if I do the absence of bath and the checking in and cooking the last meal and rather than just checking in, dropping one meal getting right to bed and not fucking with that absence of bath is that's six or thirty minutes plus he said I don't like care if I get pics tomorrow morning I say fuck that I'm morning pics are the most important pics it's the night pics that aren't that important well everything is important because it's data put no it's maybe I'll be wide the fucking like or maybe I could eat my meal like check in eat my meal then do the absence of baths don't fall in a sleep in the bathtub then I just have to get up towel off and then go right to bed so I'm like falling asleep in the top and using that 30 minutes wisely yeah if you time it right might actually make it sleep better well that's the point of it is it's supposed to add magnesium she's sleep okay it's supposed to be relaxing but if you're stressed out trying to find the time for the absence of like last night like mother fuck it was two in the morning and like now I go to this fucking absence of bath that took up like 40 minutes it's like I'd rather that 40 minutes of sleep than have this bath but I had to get the um spray paint off anyway so rather than taking a shower I might as well stick the bath who knows maybe this fucking hotel room won't have a bath all right talk to me about the five camera she brought five cameras okay so we have the DJI Osmo Pocket 3 we have the A7 S3 on the whole like shoulder rig set up with the follow-up focus system as that one's pretty fun we have the FX3 for handheld setup just kind of really lightweight when we're running around we have the A73 for photography and then I brought a Yoshika T4 35 millimeter film camera just for fun for when we're fucking around in New Orleans cool so yeah and then actually I also have a whole iPhone rig so I guess yeah that's another one I have like all the iPhone detachable lenses so the iPhone rig is for the actual competition because you're not allowed to have a real camera and the behind the scenes backstage right so you'll have like a skill of one two five with the iPhone being a one and the I and the Osmo being a one and the big Osholder rig thing that you've constructed is a five you have a camera that's like a two like my Sony AX7 oh no that one's also a five it's just a new size oh and size so the point is you have a small camera so you could walk around at the show with the small camera and mix them in me not say anything I could probably be really discreet with it but backstage no we want that stage no but just during your posing routine yes I was thinking I could probably just if I'm sitting slightly farther back but at a good level to get you I have a lens that isn't particularly big but I mean the focal length is huge so I bought you a VIP ticket but because you have a backstage path you also also have a generic ticket okay so you don't need but you're hearing as you don't even need the VIP ticket you could sit further back and then zoom in yeah what I need is really just clearance so it's really just about how many pieces right up from middle yeah so you'll have two seats you can either be in the VIP section or the normal section whatever's gonna work better for you okay you have two seats yeah so what a lot of people do I have these shows and this may not fly is when I'm on stage for the one minute someone will run up in the aisle kneel down and just shoot it with a real camera not an iPhone real camera in the aisle yes this is below the level of the people sitting no one catches them and then the worst thing that can happen is they're like hey you you can't use that camera and you try to ignore them for the other 20 seconds of my routine and then when someone walks up to you and puts your hand in your shoulder you're like it's okay he's done and then you just up on my camera right now and then if they throw you out we just come the next day without that camera yeah because at that point I'm done well that's not true so there's over 45 okay and they're gonna have pre-judging I think and finals for over 45 okay then I think it's pre-judging and then finals for over 40 then it's pre-judging then finals for over 35 all right so it pre-judging how far space are these then that space fell but that's you're missing my point okay finals is when I do my posing routine yeah that's the only thing that matters yeah is getting the photo of the posing machine I'm filling I can pose one time I have three attempts to get top five so let's say I get top five in the over 45 that is our one chance to get me posing so if we miss it even if I get top five in over 40 and over 35 we I don't get to pose on the other hand if I'm wrong and we do all the pre-judging's over 70 all the way to over 35 okay then we know if I'm top five in what specific division and we know that the first time I get to quote first division I'm top five is the only time I get to pose so let's say I get top five in over 45 do not get top five in over 40 and do not get top five in over 35 then you know exactly when I'm gonna be on stage and when you can fill me at the finals because I don't need to help back stage for finals the only thing that matters for finals is the posing routine and the awards are on yeah now if I don't get top five in over 45 and I get top five in over 40 then you know that too Saturday's a whole no deal but in the Saturday it's extremely unlikely I'm gonna get top five if Logan Franklin is doing the show that means you know he's like an Arnold classic winner right yeah I think I remember we saw him right so it's like we're going about the best in the world is gonna be competing and first so there's four more slots right and it's gonna be brutal we don't even know who the competitor list is now you could go on your phone right now and look at the Florida IFBB Pro Florida Pro website and it'll tell us exactly whether it's all pre-judging then all finals or if it's pre-judging final pre-judging final masters which is Friday I think it's Friday it a love then is when masters starts it says that the show schedule the actual like hour by hour schedule will be posted at check-ins and up if that's not what we need we need no no the order of things oh just the order okay I know I've seen I know it's there on the side all right so yeah after the tournament of champions whatever um men's bodybuilding there is no battle bodybuilding there's IFBB Florida Pro master's there is nobody building it's classic this is the IFBB league pro league for the pro right both there's nobody building anyway the whole that's certainly the bullshit and be safe order for masters and pros on their spectators classic physique men's physique figure bikini yes we're classic physique there's nobody building no it's just the way their website is laid out is I know it's terrible it's terrible upside okay but that's all it gives us doesn't tell us age groups or it does you might have to click on something you know what here we are we do not care about NPC event schedule men's bodybuilding event schedule classic physique IFBB pro for oh my god this is weird this was here before okay so you're not on the homepage you're on the event schedule page go to the homepage there's a lot you go to the homepage it did but hoping this will be more helpful no that was useless okay so masters pro pre judging in finals just nine five twenty five this is tickets why the fuck is this so convoluted yeah they do the terrible job this is the worst okay they put three different different competitions all on one website this is rather than having the NPC be a different website from the IFBB and the master should be a different website from the open okay yeah this is just general as fuck but this is what we have to go off of it's just pro masters prelimbs and finals 11 a.m. to five p.m. that's all it says Friday that's how can that be all the information they provide what is your competitor list published not on that you'd have to go to Google and type in IFBB pro for the pro competitors list because today the deadline was 3 p.m. for the contract signing so they have the competitor list they would have been published they'll never do a master's competitor list but they will do an open competitors list it's kind of cool to see my name on it next to real people poison oh hey there you are really yeah read can you read it to me all right so men's class because they we got angel bahana john Michael tell their country too USA USA Ross Caesar Barbados Tony coke Canada Everston coast amelo Brazil Peter Duper Italy Logan Franklin USA Logan Guthrie USA Benjamin Hodge USA Austin Jones USA Vadim Comar Nitsky Ukraine Todd Lee USA Charles Pearson USA David Prachaska USA Derek Simmons USA Lucas Ulbrick Germany Caleb Walker USA 17 people yeah so if I guess for the open oh wait they have the masters bro really yeah okay wait hold on but there's different divisions just over 45 yeah that's what I was about to go through all of them all right so 35 plus you got Tony coke Peter Duper Austin Jones Vadim Comar Nitsky Todd Lee Charles Pearson Karan stress the and then masters 40 plus that's only 7 people it's only 7 people it's only 7 people so 35 is only 7 people so my chances of getting first call out is 5 in so it's a 70% chance and 45 plus there is only 5 no way so means that I'm guaranteed to get to pose yeah I haven't gotten to pose in six years I haven't gotten top five in six years so I'm guaranteed to get to pose and then 40 plus there is 9 so there's more people and 40 plus and 35 plus yeah so there's a 55% chance that I'm gonna be in top five in over 40 and a 70% chance and it'll be top five and over 35 assuming we're all equal but there's 17 people in open which means that there's like a 90 and 85% chance I'm not gonna come in dead last it's gonna be good no because it's 16 this shows up as DNP did not play so if I can get fucking dude I would like to get top five of course but even if I got top 10 in an open show that would be fucking unreal it's too much and do it be awesome then I'd be like if I got 9 from the 9th best body builder in Sarasota Florida now 9th best classic physique I insert a son of Florida in 2025 all right so what time do we 10 30 okay so we love to 10 30 it is 10 PM we made it from Farmington Hills Michigan to Cleveland Tennessee so far yeah it'll be getting there at 11 51 we actually make good time because I was driving a son of pilot in the 1990 rather than 75 so actually I had a schedule I actually made up last time I missed an accident I'm not up pilot them want to tell them what you told me earlier and that one particular combat scenario where you were draining someone both through the trunk of their neck and direct. Okay so one of the consequences of doing too much damage to the head is you can decapitate someone which makes Diabler almost impossible you'd have to do it instantaneously so if you have focused mine forward duality you get to have an extra mental action around so I saved that for theft of Vita in the ant in the situation where I hit someone so hard in the head of a texture head off so that you can't you know you could use slurry action and bite them and then drink their blood but with theft of Vita you can keep drinking their blood from across the room while you continue to kill the other people in the room and as long as you're still drinking their blood you're probably going to get the Diab soon enough so if you hit them in the head for like 10 damage with a maze that does aggravated damage they're had might explode now they've going to have some blood left in their body unless they're almost out when you hit them so you have to theft them down to their heart's blood. If you know with 20 damage then you're pretty much going to blow them to pieces so you can just theft the heart directly so in one situation it hits them in the torso right after I decapped them so when I was theft of Vitaing from the stump I have to then grab them and then bite down in their heart with one of my slurry actions and drink from their heart with the slurry action while I'm drinking from their torso with their stump with the theft of Vitae so I'm deauthorizing two people at the same time one with theft of Vitae and one person with my things so day two we are traveling to Sarasota that we're going to get a Florida probe and we're in Atlanta Georgia right now at the 4th and hour yesterday spent the night in Atlanta only slept 4 1 a.m. hours which has been happening all week depleting and water depleting and salt depleting and carbs depleting and protein it's awful but I made weight this morning by this after I hold this weight and we are at 18% power and when we get to the supercharger we will be at 3% power so it's kind of a little close but what do you weigh in at 177.1 so again in case you missed last episode the goal of this season is not to win the goal is to get height at 64.1 inch and that will allow me to have a weight cap of 182 but in order to get a permanent height you have to do three shows so it makes sense if I'm going to suck all the way down to 177 in case I come into 64.0 to do all three shows back to back so that although I will look bad this season about may lose every show I will get a permanent height on the books of 64.1 so that when it matters at the Detroit Pro I can come into 182 because I look my best about 183, 184, 185 so it's kind of like we have to throw the whole season just to make this weight now could I come in at 182 and just try three times yeah but that's really disappointing to show up be 180 or 181 and then they height your 64.0 and then you don't get to compete so and then you have to wait two weeks to try again and also here's the thing if you don't make weight it doesn't count as one of the three so I have to make weight for the height to count and you have to get height at three times to get a permanent record I'm saying multiple times because you're not that you the individual are stupid but you would not believe how many times I have to over explain this to people in my personal life which is number one reason why I've eliminated all people for my personal life if they can't fall of the simple concept that I need to get height at 64.1 and I have to get height at three times in a row for it to be permanent at 64.1 then I don't ever want to talk to that person again they're too stupid to be in life and then after that if I now maybe I win maybe I don't don't really care what I care about is getting height at 64.1 because at determines my weight cap for the rest of my life goal number two is to get video of me doing my posing routine on stage in 17 years of competing it has never happened a single time and every single person I've trusted to do it fucked it up I even hired a videographer for $7,000 to come to the Detroit uh the Texas Pro and he didn't do it so and I paid the videographer there five hundred dollars and he didn't do it either they did it off center or they did it with a shit camera or they didn't record sound or there's um these the new way of doing the video footage is they shoot from the ground up and getting the lights in the background and make it dramatic and artistic mother fuckers we just want you shooting video over the head judges shoulder so that we can see exactly what the judges see when we did our posing routine that's it all I want now there's like a massive accident and everyone got over and I just didn't because I don't give a fuck I've got autopilot on and it's doing the driving so if grunk or whatever a is driving this car just and care about killing a cup then I guess I don't either now that's not true this is called humor you know it's a joke not a dick don't take it so hard but nobody gets my humor because they don't know Stephen Wright they don't know George Carlin and they don't know Tim Dillon or Normick Donald which are probably the fourish comedians that I fit right in the middle of that my delivery is like Stephen Wright my tone of voice is like no one McDonald my hyperbolic nonsense is like Tim Dillon and my cynicism is like George Carlin if you don't like it go fuck yourself so Kai what questions do you have maybe you could elaborate on your mindset of because a lot of people their idea of what it means to go into a competition is the only purpose for going there is to win but you do see this as an investment in your future in bodybuilding and I don't think people necessarily understand what that means because you know like okay Rob Stark and season two a game of thrones sent 10,000 men at Jamie Lannister from one direction because Jamie Lannister spy miscounted his army as 10,000 and so he let the spy go so that Jamie thought the whole army was coming meanwhile when Jamie retreated Rob's real army was there to capture Jamie so it's something called strategy and tactics so to set myself up for victory at the Detroit pro in February where I could come in with a one-y to wake up I had to sacrifice it this year coming in at 177 three times to get heighted in 64.1 and this is why I have conflict with people is I can't imagine somebody's intelligence being so low they don't get the concept after it's been explained to them three times and that's to me the idea that someone wouldn't understand tactics it's just it's hard to respect someone like that one of the biggest things that we get in comments is people saying oh look at this guy he looks so unhealthy I was just thinking advice from him like blah blah blah like he must be unhealthy use all these drugs how are you doing health wise what's here what's your status update how are you feeling I would have been perfect health but the nurse I was paying to give me I've even lit a thion was only given me 200 not 2000 so my GGT kept climbing up until I figured out what the problem was fired him and started doing that own ideas with the problematic lit of thion so I suspect my glutathione I mean my GGT is coming down but there's a two week half life so I wouldn't have seen the changes in any reasonable about a time I would have had a false positive on the blood test which would have just caused more stress but I'm 50% sure no I'm like 80% sure my GGT is improving other than that nothing's a problem less my APOB was fine my sister had in the sea was fine and nothing else matters nothing's more annoying so when tells me that each yellow is or the LBL they cannot wrap their brain around that I don't give a fuck I'll like care about his APOB that people just don't have a logical mind they can't understand the concept of eliminating nonsense and focusing on the things that matter boiling things down to the essential components how are you feeling mentally like how's your patience no no patience today my mood's terrible yesterday my mood was great it just comes and goes see like being carb depleted is bad being sleep deprived is bad having your electrolytes in balance is bad being water deprived is bad I'm carb deprived to calorie deprived sleep deprived water deprived and electrolyte deprived my brain chemistry is something nice most of my patients and clients are being sold kind right now that they're not calling me and asking me questions like how much water do I put in my GGT container you know which is 100% 100% can't divide 18 by 2 to get 9 everybody's staying the fuck away from me which is the best thing that ever happened to me except for one guy one guy had to make my whole life about him so yesterday you hit about two gallons of water you told me what's your plan for water today are you already pulling you down it's two thirty six ounces okay the past few days yesterday I had a little loss in that because he said you got to be we're gonna have to pull you really hard you might as well get comfortable with what you're at so I did I was I came in low on fat low on carbs low on protein low on water and low on salt yesterday rather than overdoing but I made way early so now pulling me harder isn't necessary so he won't because yesterday it went so well then I keep it up to day we probably don't have to pull harder once in Thursday we just have to maintain one seventy seven so if I lose more weight and wake up lighter than one seventy seven a mile and it looks worse the probably putting food back in it looks better we're gonna just bring me in at one seventy six or one seventy five it could be that my best look is in the low one seven is and then that's fine and I don't even need a one eighty two wake camp this year but it's body building that in that body stasis so the goal would be to always have a higher wake cap so you can keep pushing more muscle on the arms the lads and the quad sweet so obviously most people fly in for these cops we want to kind of talk about why we're driving like why it's all right so because I've got to show on the six the 20th and the 27th all within like a 12 hour drive of each other but it's 24 hours away from us it just made sense to drive down September 1st for a September 6th show then drive from Sarasota Florida to San Antonio Texas we got for two weeks in between so that allows us to stop in New Orleans do a day or two there stop in Houston see some people in Houston stop in Dallas see some people in Dallas and then go to San Antonio and that makes them more sense to me as we can get some good content I haven't reached out to people yet but I'm gonna reach out to Martin and Brett I'm gonna reach out to Keon Sean I'm gonna reach out to I already started up with Luke Miller and John Jewett and their respective cities will be seeing DJ so definitely Luke and DJ will see in Dallas definitely John are gonna see in San Antonio as far as I have reached out to the other guys yet plus I got a lot of clients in Dallas in Houston play a lot and they're all gonna want to see me so hopefully we'll have enough time to have everybody check it out and then whether what they needed me for a lift or whatever who knows maybe I'll get a sushi carb reload and I can invite as many people as possible and I'll just treat everyone to all you can meet sushi and have like pictures also that thing is you and I get to get some content so training with Brett and Martin we could get some content training with Keon content Sean content Luke content John Jewett content so again priority two was the priority one is getting height at 64.1 priority two is getting posing routine for the first one my life I'm filming and then priority three is getting great content priority four is having a great time and party five is maybe I'll do good it doesn't matter because if I lose I didn't come in at my best I sucked that way too hard after 24 weeks of dieting just to get them at one seven you know what do you think the biggest challenges are wall traveling like especially when traveling to a show and close proximity to a show some athletes like to get settled in for like a week or two that way they have time to acclimate like I don't know what do you thoughts I can travel a fixed competition I mean the reason why travel a fixed competition is because flying is so stressful and it changed your water levels I don't think driving is hard at all because the car is driving itself I'm just sitting in the car this is no different than sitting on a plane except for there's no two w a there's no security there's no possibility of law enforcement you're just driving and you don't have to pack the same I do like being in a home-based situation but you know the big shows in Detroit and the reason why is because there's no traveling that's the one way of home-court advantage plus the black backdrop so I think all the travel stress comes from flying nothing is stressful about driving but just waking up on my own bed making my food in my own kitchen and then getting in my car and driving 30 minutes to do a boring will be so much more relaxing than any other competition I've ever done in my life Dearborn so much closer to my house than anywhere I've ever competed in my life so my plan doing the Detroit Pro every year for the rest of my competitive career even if it's the only show I do every year although I would like to travel to Europe or Asia to do a fun show but the show that matters is always in me the Detroit Pro until I start winning and then once you win the Detroit Pro you go to the left in which case I would get a house or rent a house in Vegas and live there for two weeks to a month and take that serious you know to a camp oh yeah it is but these little master shows like the only point of doing them is if you win you get to the master's Olympia also the you actually know when I'm I'm miss-miss leading the third most important goal of this season is to practice peaking so that Dom can learn how to peake me properly so one of the biggest changes to this prep was the inclusion of Reddit Street time I was in the biggest change of the purpose inclusion of a coach okay and that a coach who would be willing to pose to peake me in person that he will actually you would not believe in terms of a higher to coach paid them for the whole year so they could show up to my show and peake me in person and they didn't show up so for a whole year I'm doing something I don't want to do falling directions I know are wrong because I need to be peaked because I can't peake myself and then they blow it it's no show up it's had to have been at least six to seven times with six or seven coaches so Dom's reliable has an awesome reputation is brilliant maybe I'm a smart as him but I may not be but he definitely has peaking down hold so John he's like a John Jewer but it's his not competing is not his famous I can learn a lot from him about my body and how to peake myself properly in the future but I plan to stay with I'm having such a good experience working with Dom this is one of the easiest prep ever whether it's from Dom or from Reddit TrueTide I don't know but the Reddit TrueTide took away all the food cravings yeah the reason I brought it up we've been getting a lot of DMs asking about like I guess the way that Reddit TrueTide will affect the future lands keep up the sport in terms of insulin use it's the biggest change or ever the biggest improvement to bodybuilding ever is Russia is completely different it takes dieting from one of the hardest part of your life to one of your easiest I normally don't go under 200 carbs from more than a week or two before the show I've been under 200 carbs for 16 weeks I've had no craving normally once you're lifting it's low enough your craling is high you start craving food you would never heat your food focus I'm not food focus I haven't chamodied at one time maybe I might it's been not being able to stop myself like I might have one extra rice cake or even instead of having two rice cakes with almond butter per meal on my high day I might have three on one meal or four or five at the last meal I could just can't stop eating them but that's not the same thing as a getting in your car driving to the store getting a pizza and eating in the parking lot crying for one year I went to my grocery shopping so hard when you're in prep I love Instagram that's a game-changer too because there's no temptations but I remember once I went my bot seven donuts and I would take one bite from a donut and then throw it out and then I would have another bite from a different donut and throw it out just so I got to experience the donuts and then of course like I'm crying about what a loser I am and sheave to myself for like six months after and those props where I do that stuff I look like shun on stage you know like I don't think my glue service condition as they should be but I haven't really had shredded glutes since I was 39 was it because I'm 46 like it's been seven years so it's harder now to get shredded glutes or is it because I ran I've been running test so this has been running test I've had estrogen so it stretched out my skin with fat in the off season so then now when it's time to prep there's not the same amount of fat there the same amount of muscle it's just there's loose skin from stretching it out so this last off season I went as high as 55 extra dial I mean I went up to 70 at one point I think this next off season the most we're going to do is probably 40 or 50 extra dial just so the glutes don't get stretched out any so the we're going to try out the maintenance the how it goes meant has a very strong estrogen and component to it so I'm probably going to run much lower test than I normally do and then rely on meant or you had the good idea of not even running test and just after the Daytona Pro just using meant before the second hair transplant like I've got four weeks between the Daytona Pro and the second hair transplant that gives me four weeks to run just meant and tie trade up on the dose and find it with my upper limit is and if we get to a point where it's too much roll it back throwing some to oxiphon and then a week out from and then like get blood work done when I'm blasting that see what it looks like if it looks hot because I still have to be clear for surgery pull out the men and put it maybe 20 milligrams of dead test and then go in and get the blood work done and be nice and cool for surgery go in there get the surgery it's a 10 day recovery time and then boom November early November I'm prepping for the Troy Pro. The second third week in that November my client and patient Luke is flying in from Virginia to train with me in Karina so he's going to I'm going to get like an extra bad for that studio and put him up for a week so it's going to have like a training camp where he basically cozy the gym with me every day we eat all the meals together and he just lived the life that's what he wants to do with his vacation is hang out with his coaches so like Karina we plan to run Karina schedule so Karina will come down or either will go up to flint and train at the gym or she'll meet his halfway at Umbra or she'll come all the way down to me and we'll train at like my favorite pee fit it's so weird that people are so upset why do you train a pee fit and like why don't you all I do is use machines and cables I don't give freeway to anymore maybe that's why you're not big it's like I mean I bigger than I was when I used power building it's like then it's like there's so stupid it's just like they think you fall out of the sky and what they think you do is what you've been doing for 30 years it's like no fuck face I've done everything and some things and nothing works see might as well do what is the least traumatic and you think what you enjoy if nothing's going to work then it's whatever's the least traumatic and what you enjoy it's like if you have to have pussy you just have to have it but you can only get ugly girls at least get an ugly girl that isn't stupid in annoying so if you're going to be lifting weights every day for two or three hours and you're never going to grow the most you can ever do is hang on to what you've got then you might as well do the shit that doesn't tear your tendons and hurts you and you're not always miserable with doing only what's funny is this off season I did the opposite of what Chase Irons would have if you do and I used last gear and last GH and I actually made more progress because I focused on training and a lot of people like well it's a good mother fuckers I used to do 1500 milligrams and 8 units of GH for almost a decade and I made slow study progress one year I listened to Chase and ran three and a half grams and ran 20 units of GH and it didn't I didn't grow any muscle it I just threw as much drugs as I could in myself didn't fuck on my organs really it just made no progress and then during prep I got basically got diabetes because after a prep I had like a 600 blood glucose and even shooting a human log intravenously I couldn't bring my glucose down just just yeah and then I had diabetes all off season until we instituted it right in the shoot-out at the rib again and probably and I still grew my arm is God maybe a quarter inch bigger my lats look a little bigger my legs might look smaller but that's because I switched from my training and I incorporated some of Paul Carter's advice and hurt myself like four times in a week and then I had to spend 12 weeks recovering from trying Paul Carter's low rep bullshit because there is something to be said like if you're doing too many reps and your lungs are the limiting factor not the muscle like when we trained with Junaki we were doing lightweight and it was my quad failing not my lungs so I think for me the perfect amount of reps is like 12 reps for presses and hamstring curls like extensions the perfect amount of times try close to 15 reps going more than that it's just too much willpower and the lung limitation but if you go as low as single digits you're pretty much gonna wreck your knees my life isn't applied to everybody but I'm particularly stronger now than I was before you know really excited about the quad training now that I figured out how to champion those CC hacks quads and then did a mechanical drop set we're instead of going posterior pelvic tilt going anterior pelvic tilt after you fail at posterior pelvic tilt and then you could recruit a different part of your lateral quad I went from 3 to 1 to 12 reps 12 reps plus 12 reps so I got like 24 reps and then went into a little bit of the pendulum to just try it out didn't hurt my knee at all I felt all lateral quad it was amazing so it's like now I know like okay that that my knees are recovering enough now that I can do the pendulum squat and if they're properly pre-exhausted it's all lateral quad even with no weight on the pendulum squat it was a great cessation now I know I feel like well you go to use weight to grow it's maybe maybe but you can always pyramid up I mean you can always escalate you can always progressively resistance it but just jump in in there like I'm going to do three plates because I want to do three plates and then you just feel in your knees and your hips and not feeling your quad it likes not going to grow when are you planning on pulling injectables are you those were pulled and I don't like doing that I've never done that but that's what Dom wanted to do so that's what I did the premise is that any hand regions are really going to bind to their the astronauts' sectors so they're only few leave in at the very end it's like limps straw I don't like the psychological aspect to wind straw I'm going to ask a little limps straw I can handle up to 50 N of r once I go to 75 N of r i'm a dick right now I'm on 50 wind straw in 25 N of r a day and I'm kind of impatient but I'm also calm I'm not like hyper anxious and if I wasn't having this bazooka friends yeah I'd probably be a lot more patient too but I'm getting such little sleep now what Dom does is he uses only long acting so even though you pull it a week out I mean all you're getting you're still a half of that new system there's no short acting but I was on 70 test 150 master on 40 EQ to crush the estrogen that was at the 6 40 trend and an athlete and then the orals and pull the all the injectables seven days out except master on was increased and then master on was just dropped like yesterday so of all the injectables master on the best one but he's so pulled it and you're still using clunt nope did you end up using dmp this prop no dmp is like a winter thing I might use it in the winter when I'm prepping for the Detroit pro and disumber January February in Michigan and last we moved down to like Texas to do the first two months of prep and we moved down to Texas for the first two months of prep then that would be a lot easier then I just then moved back to Detroit the last two weeks in February to get ready for the Detroit pro or the last week but I have a feeling doing a temperature change like that you can get sick that's the only just downside of Detroit pro is way too early why would you want to prep in the winter in February it's fucking crazy but I will say it sets you up so that you could do the Arnold it's one week before the Arnold so I'm gonna apply for the Arnold even though I probably won't knock it in I can solve fly how did it determine if someone's application gets accepted for the Arnold social media following probably and if you've won it open to show before it'd be just there's some other shows obviously Tokyo November 25th would be fun to do but if I'm this is a game that hair transplanted I can do that not this year then there's the Japan pro which is in July or August then there's the Dubai which would be a lot of fun it goes like Japan India China right in the world but now they've got shows in China two or three times a year they've got Korean shows two or three times a year Japan shows two or three times a year when you're doing classic there's so many more opportunities than two to twelve China would be cool you've brought up Dubai a few times recently that's the same sold me on it like rather than moving to Texas moving to Dubai my people under choice there's no taxes that's for a westerners they want you to bring your items and the gym is they have a doctor's office in the gym where they just prescribe you whatever trucks you want they deliver to your apartment you can have an apartment in the gym if they're a hotel on top of the gym and then there's a supplement store a clothing store three restaurants that have just like plain chicken plain rice plain yellow rice rice with raisins it's like made for bodybuilding then they have massage therapy IV therapy red light therapy and it's got hundreds hundreds of equipment they have the complete new tech line the complete not a line two that sounds like your dream it says you never have to leave the gym you just have all we would do is shoot content and that's it this setup of studio in the apartment shoot camp like exactly what I have now it's just instead of having to drive to a gym I just go downstairs how strong is the US dollar in Dubai I don't know why I'm she look I mean I've never heard anyone complain that it's expensive to live there okay do you average monthly cost of living in Dubai for one person is twenty three hundred dollars a month there's nothing fucking Detroit it's like four thousand it's cheaper than Detroit and Detroit it's like a third of countries not even rent it's me my my rank is more than that yeah it's considered I guess it still ranks is the top thirteen percent most expensive cities in the world but I don't know that sounds very reasonable to me dude it's like felt asious people live this is the perfect I don't even have to park the fucking thing apart from themselves how are we got it's 20 minutes yeah so getting on a stage it's like everything comes to life it's like you can see in color it's like the best part of your life and then you wait all year to do it again so I get to do it seven times in these three shows and it might be hard but it's gonna get less there's less pressure each time every time you go through the round of posing you're just that much more locked in you're that much more fluid whenever I'm on stage my posing is so much better because I'm all warmed up from posing backstage and I just can't wait so I don't understand how anyone could be nervous because the worst thing you can do is lose but you don't win anything so it doesn't matter it's the competing itself is the reward that everyone else's worst nightmare is your greatest dream that the number one dream nightmare people have is being on stage naked the only time it sucks is if you really don't like how you look then you're embarrassed to show your shit physique but I usually just have to look around that the people in line with me and I'm like oh I may think I'm soft but half these guys are softer than me so I think like setting the bar is higher than last time so in 2012 I never really placed well so even in classic I've never done it before so unless I come in dead last there's no shame in it so I've been visualizing winning the over 45 I didn't visualize winning anything else but even if I got top 10 in classic and I'm open then that's still pretty good especially since there's 17 people so if I get like top 8 I'm more than 50 percent now if I had a history of getting second place then I would be disappointed with third place there's a big difference from being an amateur and being a pro like as an amateur I never would be taller in of anything other than first place I should always win because I almost always did win but once I turned pro and being the Texas pro and got 11 in in a 212 I didn't visualize posing I didn't visualize doing my routine so the fact that I almost set myself up to fail and not be top 10 this time I had no doubt in my mind I would get through my routine and fate would have it that there's only five people in over 45 so I'm definitely getting into my routine at least on Friday so this might be it you know this Friday might be the only time I get to my routine out of the next three shows it's a lot of pressure on you to get an unfil me but if I manage to get top 10 in every one of those shows then at least you get three chances to get through a team but I'd like to get make sure we get it every time because then we can compare you know like how much better did I execute it and San Antonio then I did at Florida how much better did I look like I think almost every day my posing is getting better like my real-life spreadsheet improved my front-line spreadsheet improved my side chest is almost perfect my side try steps being improved my red double-byze prime my best pose my front double-byze better my front-an-thighs better my classic every single pose better than it was to be three weeks ago so like all the professional pictures you took for the website I smoke all of those already what do you think your hardest ever prep was either 2019 or 2019 it was brutal last two weeks but I was the when you got your card right no no is that 2020 2020 is when I got like okay the 2019 is when I have my best look last year was one of the most brutal prep's ever and I had the worst look of all time probably one of the easiest prep's 2020 and I had pride in my second best look. Korean is as 2020 was my overall best look. The problem was my coach bailed on me the day of the show and then the next year for the 2021 Texas bro he goes to me to weeks out by switch to Cuba and he did the best he could I'm going to look better not I think I look better without his help that I was running a hundred trend and fifty wind straw and I look great and I went up to a hundred and ten trend and 75 wind straw and I just started falling apart so I rolled back to a hundred trend and fifty wind straw and I should just stay there and then he pulled me down to three fifty trend and why me putting in three fifty master on but I didn't want to use my master on because I thought it would cause hair loss and then I looked better for about a week or two and then right around the final week I started falling apart so had I just listened to the put in the master on it would have went perfect so I at what point in time did you determine that master on didn't cause hair loss in 2023 that I had been running pre-mo and it was very effective at lowering oxygen and then I switched the master on in a prep with Luke thinking that it was going to be even drier and then we got the blood work back after a few months of nitrogen blood work and it was a 200 oxygen like wow it looks like master on business press session and all and I took out 20 tests a day and put in pre-mo a day left the master on alone and my estrogen dropped from 200 to 100 it was like wow pre-mo's way stronger and that's how I figured out that pre-mo was in the eye and master on was not no one ever figured that out yet and let the two aren't interchangeable which is right and so I told the world about it and that's when people like Kurt and Steve and Chase started laughing at me as no one in ever ran blood work again before they had no idea so I started doing these videos explaining that pre-mo's in the eye and master on isn and that if your coach has heard you by crushing your estrogen, I'll fix it so I had so many people leave those coaches that use pre-mo and started hiring me and I went from having like two clients sign up a month to like ten clients sign up a month but I pretty much blew the lid off on the whole mass-trun versus pre-mo was an exchangeable shit so I think that's my big impact to the industry is educating people about mass-trun not being an eye before me everyone thought of mass-trun was an eye now maybe this isn't true but my circles and all over anything I ever so I've never heard that mass-trun was an eye until I found it out myself and I've never seen mass-trun be an eye I am like a worker ever in other school time where does the myth come from then? Just thinking of people probably with your black I used to feel like if I died it'd be okay because I made the world a better place by creating Thor's hammer and then if people want to get someone pregnant they could get your Thor's hammer because no one knew about ffsation the time but now I think the biggest contributing thing I did in mankind was educate the world of mass-trun was better than pre-mo because it's not an eye and it inhibits the estrogen alpha receptor in some way some alicderic not competitive way so you stop the feminization of the estrogen without stopping the antipolychofoxidation I just didn't expect it to go so well that no one can get mass-trun now I drastically improved the demand what I did not have any way of improving the supply I feel sorry for people who aren't smart enough to buy their drugs and here's some events some most people yeah yeah as soon as the terror started dropping and as soon as they move warships around Taiwan I was like well if they seized Taiwan then Nvidia is gonna plummet so I sold all my Nvidia and I basically just stocked up on mass-trun and I'll never sell it because next year the world will have been without mass-trun for a whole year so I'm gonna be that much have not much of a magic mixture and then at the year after that the same thing so when you talked about tactics like well you know like people don't understand the I could never explain to anyone and have them understand how much I actually have planned and how multifaceted my schemes are so that there's more like why would you throw this season and to focus on nex season it's because nex season I'll still have all the best drugs in the world and no one else well so that's why nex season matters more than this season I may not have genes for growing muscle but I have other genes the genes that allow me to plan one of the like top vendor sites that I've used in the past obviously not gonna say which one I'd never really seen it featured prominently before but now if you go to their inventory page at the very top it's DHB. It's the first one on page yep. Are you implying that you haven't happened like within a month if you're putting out DHB video. Interesting so it's hard to say what influence tip but nobody really talked about DHB it seems like. With the absence of master and I had to find a neutral agent that did not negatively or positively affect estrogen. I had to find a master on replacement and DHB this completely neutral in regards to Estudado. It neither rises it nor lowers it and I don't think it's gonna be bad if it's inhibitor so really DHB is even more neutral than master on. This is not an ERL for antagonist making DHB the perfect antibiotic. That in the antivar it's just an antivar is hard on cholesterol and DHB may be hard on the liver in some people. Now that I know it was because the nurse was lying about how much you'd have found he was giving me. I don't think the DHB was nearly as harmful my liver because when I stopped using the DHB might liver my GGC kept doubling every month and after I stopped using. Now I'm almost completely convinced that DHB or mag would be the absolute best off-season grow agents with master on and trying being the best contest prep agents and tests being an acceptable pro hormone to DHB to DHT and to Estudado but if you're using an evar and met off-season or master on and met off-season then you may not even need the test because the met provides the estrogen and the master on although it isn't DHT if you're using all the know of it it'll protect you from the estrogen from the met doing feminizing things. The master on would eventually give you the same antigenic effects because it's not like a zero antigen value. I just think that master on a met might be a phenomenal combination. DHB is just more in a ball. But for people who can't get the master on in that case it's so it'll be interesting. So the experimental start using just met and if and when we hit an upper limit on how much met we can handle before getting in Gino roll it back into to max of it and then start throwing in a lot of master on and then after about three or four weeks start escalating the mental again and see if the master on who raises the threshold of tolerance for the estrogen so that more met can be used and never touching testosterone the whole time or using like an HRT test testosterone. We're literally on the last this home stretch we've got two hours of drive to do and then we'll be at the final hotel and we'll be in Sarasota for five days I think it's a two-day through Sunday so the Kishoa is Friday and Saturday so after the show Saturday we can go back to our room go to sleep wake up Sunday then drive to New Orleans I just talked to Martin sounds like we'll be going for New Orleans to Houston and getting a lift in with Martin while we're in Houston I'll try to reach out to Terrence and Hunter and other people while we're in Houston then we'll look to Dallas try to get some something done with DJ and Luke maybe he on Sean then had down the same Antonio John Stuart compete and then drive back and that's I sound tired because I am that we've been driving for almost eight hours today so between the yesterday it's already 22 hours now I'm not really driving the car is driving but this is a longest trip I've ever done that I can remember. What are your like last minute preparations what are you prioritizing going into your next basically everything that leading up to the second new step on stage no fuck maybe no fucking idea all right but the date that we with the Dutch tells me to talk to them yeah it's a the coaching thing is a looting people but they don't get what a coach does the coach tells you what to do and your job is to do it you know agency yeah there's no agency no autonomy no autonomy no autonomy no not a single thought like a dog you do what you're fucking told they say sit you sit it's so simple it's not my job is to tell people what to do and they fucking are expected to do it and the same thing with I hire a coach I will do what the coach tells me to do it's like oh would dog shit would you want it to be running or do you want it to be solid I will eat what you tell me to eat I will go to bed when he tells me to go to bed I will do what the fuck I'm supposed to do this is peak week it is the only thing that matters is following orders because if it's wrong then we know it's wrong and we change it for the next time but if I don't do what I'm supposed to do then we don't know that the data was wrong so we wasted the collection this is what I never have girls on podcasts because like okay tell me about your training well I do with my coach tells me to it's like okay so tell me about your diet well I eat my coach tells me to eat and it's like all right so this is a useless test now if you were to ask me what did I do up into this point then I can tell you because at least remember what he told me to do but I don't know what he's going to tell me to do in the future I mean I even paid a thousand dollars to take the blueprint so I get to see what his plan is for a generic prep but nothing we've done has been a generic prep so far so I have to do so that if we have been falling the playbook up until this point then the playbook for the end will also be different now if I was to anticipate what's going to happen since I was 177.1 this morning I would expect that as we continue to pull water out we'll be putting carbs in so that my weight stays 177 but my glycogen supplies will fill up and I will get fuller and harder tonight tomorrow Thursday Friday and even Saturday that is what I suspect will happen that the goal would be to keep me at 177 not let me get lower but not let me go higher let's say now tomorrow I wake up at 176. I'll probably give me more food probably don't have to pull more water out but I will just be shedding more water in general because so many things that work on the Reno and geotense system and out the off-shrown system have been removed. I'll probably want to experiment with diaside to see if I look better or worse with it tomorrow and if I look better with it we would just keep it in and increase the water so that I don't get flatter so that come the day of the show just pull out a little bit of water and then I look harder. You have to leave some water in order for glycogen to be synthesized but if you're holding water you don't need to worry about it like I think I have pretty full veins compared to this morning and I've had very little water today. I've only had like a gallon today and I've only had two meals. I'll probably hit up her body tomorrow after two days rust but if I feel as bad as I do right now geotide rated with low electrolytes there'd be very little reuse into doing anything because as as soon as I start trying to get a pump I'll start hyperventilating and giving overgated like I can't even really pull this right now. I'm too miserable. And even cold like all day. Yeah I feel like I'm gonna have to be mine a water of fractionally when I'm the salt. Way less protein carbs and fat. He was impressed though that I managed to get better even though I drove 14 hours. That last night we didn't take pictures with this morning and then I'm only sleeping five hours and I'm giving better every day. I mean even in the at the gas station earlier you looked better than you did this morning. Oh yeah way better way better. I had to fall striated just fucking my rectus abdominis was popping. I had striated obliques. That was where I looked really good in the bucket and then my vacuum looked great and I was after two meals. Yep. Two meals and almost a gallon and I've been up for almost 12 hours. So we know how to hold a look right now. I know he's exactly what to do to get to be fuller and drier than I woke up. This is to have those meals and that much water and that much potassium and that much sodium. So even if that's not around I can hold this look for days because I know exactly what to do to improve it. That is me and I don't want to be around my mind. His health is like a pride getting better but I could I would have been very comfortable stepping on stage an hour ago. An hour ago was the best I've looked in maybe six years. All right so some of you know a lot of you think that my life revolves around antibiotics derives. I honestly don't give a flying fuck about steroids or a tool that I use for bodybuilding. Bodybuilding is the third most important part of my life. The second most important part of my life is metal but the first part most important part of my life. The thing that matters more to me than anything is an empire of the masquerade. So I can't go anywhere without my vampire books. So since we're still going to be playing me in my group when I'm on the road I still have to have some resources to prepare for. So what I brought with me is I got a fourth edition rule book set. I think the fifth edition sucks because it's super woke the fourth edition is much better and this book like that's the first the first city of Enak. This is just you know the different clans of vampires. Giovanni's one of my favorite clans. Tramirs one of my favorite clans and the shemisi are my absolute favorite clan. So Brad, who's my storyteller and I run for I also love those silver two. He plays a tramir and has been playing at St. Tramir since 1999. I've been playing the same shemisi since 1996 and I'm getting chi into it and he might end up being a Giovanni. So shemisi is my favorite clan. They're flesh crafters and wizards. Tramir are wizards too and the Giovanni. I'm not going to say what they are because Kai doesn't know yet. The Kai is a complete virgin. There's no idea what he's giving himself into. So this is the core book because it's fourth edition. They put everything in here so you could theoretically buy this book and then you have everything you need to know to play. The problem is this book is about $200 and it has to be made because nobody can afford books anymore. Then I also brought the Dark Ages book which is okay. So since vampires are old, it's silly just to have a modern book. When half of the vampires, the elders at least are going to be hundreds of years old. So they have different versions of the vampire religions in here and some of the vampires that it could be modern day have existed before the two sucks, the Camaria and this about obviously I love this about. Since my favorite clan is a chimese and was sombra and Tramir technically a bloodline of chimese and I do love me some Giovanni. So I brought the chimere book because I'm running for a chimere. I want to make sure that I'm 100% versed on a lot of the politics of the clan premiere and it's extremely organized clan. Some plans like the bruha which I hate have no organization, the Torridor which I don't like either they have no organization, the gangrel have no organization, the Malcavians have no organization, the Giovanni are another extremely organized clan. Yeah they're one of my absolute favorite clans also their parent clan which I'm not gonna say in front of Kai. So one of my all-time favorite clans and all the separate bloodlines associated them are fucking amazing. I just absolutely love them and the clan that they came from in modern day. Now I also brought with me the chimese second edition third edition clan book and the chimere second edition clan book. Now in our game the chimese were wiped out completely except for my character's alive, your ex still alive, Drake owns the live and the Indian branch is so live but we got four fourth gen's left and they have to repopulate the earth with the clan in their image. So the Raven and families are so alive so I'm gonna start interviewing Raven and it's to embrace them so I can repopulate the clan. This is the religion book about it's kind of like the vampire's version of Genesis and it also talks about the original 13 vampires and it mentions a few other ones like Lushe and Mecket which didn't make an appearance since it began up and Lushe and Mecket actually have been serving with Lith and this is the Relief Bible which is kind of funny because my character Jack is pretty much the leader of the Bahari which is a female religion of the Lith worshippers so it's weird that a man's actually running the feminist branch of vampiric politics. In fact we had a civil war between the black hand and Jack because he wanted to make the Lith an alternative to cane as the origin of vampires so that people had a religious freedom. The black hand didn't like that and tried to assassinate him. It resulted in me raiding element. Now this is a book it's a werewolf book but it covers van Cover where Brad's character is gonna be going to van Cover and trying to do some politics in there so I have to read this while I'm on the road so I'm prepared before when I get back for van Cover van Cover's a weird city and this most important of all is Becket's G-Hideiri so Ganna happened around 2003 and during 2003 and 2018 they advanced the Metaplat a ton and it's all covered in this book and so Beck is this is an in-game prop that characters can get their hands on and it's got an incredible artwork in here. This smiling Jack, the artworks incredible and it's all Becket's hand written out. Becket was the one who created the book and noded from the Earth's fragments. He also made the Encyclopedia of Enpiraco and so I've never read this book. I've never seen anything in it. I've been saving it for a special occasion and it's because our characters are still in 2004 so it doesn't really matter but I'm going to need to know stuff like this so as we play through I can do some of these events. There's some things I think that are silly like the MSA and blowing up for Shred. I think I've looked into the math of it and it's not it wouldn't really work. I think it's just though the woke people came along and tried to rewrite the game in 2018 with 5th edition. They didn't really understand the game that they've been alive longer. They haven't been alive as long as I've been playing this game so I don't respect their decisions and I don't give a fuck what they think. In our I know what I'm doing better than they do because I've been playing this game since before they're born. So that's pretty much it and when I make enough money I'm going to buy the IP for the game so that I don't have to have to deal with anyone woke ever again. So that's that they for instance they cut down Raytheo oblivion in like 98. Demon the fallen was taken out in 2003. They kept the IP going for vampire the masquerade where both the apocalypse made the ascension but the two other sweet games Raytheo oblivion and demon the fallen. They let that IP pretty much go so I could probably buy up those and start producing new versions. So right now I'm recreating all the rules sets and making streamlines was kind of like man-partheor wrecking them and hybridization of fifth editions, rules and wrecking them's rules but with the fourth edition plot points and so we'll have a new gaming group of people who've never played before have no idea what's going on. Nothing about the game and nothing about the rules to play test through mine and bread is six edition and then from there I'll just we'll probably do a YouTube channel where we actually show the game and have a high production kind of like critical role but with animation and stuff so after the fight scene they'll be actual AI animation of what happened in that fight so it might be a really cool production and might take a couple years to get it going but I've got a lot planned for this because this the most important thing in my life number two would be metal and number three would be body building steroids isn't even on the list so let's pretty much it. What you got me talking to myself about vampire well I think what it'll happen is people who will start to really want to play the game like and Ganzo would probably love to do a Skype game like have it where like we're not in person but a Skype game with this favorite claim is Torrid or which is an extremely boring clan but we're in some for the premiere the premiere of the only interesting camera clan they're just so generic those plans now fifth edition they kind of gave Gangrel and Gangrel in the ventrrew and overhaul and made them better but they also in fifth edition fucking fortitude as broke is shit the barhara only liberal like kind of class and I deal with and then they took the ventrrew and they went back to the original concept that the mafia was part of plan venture and so the venture are probably one of the best plans and they even came up with a concept of like the Gangrel corporate rator so like in fifth edition in the can the Gangrel and the ventrrew are fucking awesome and they nerfed the fuck out of the premiere in fifth edition but and then the barhara still suck as fucking hate the barhara the milk caveans they they switched them from being the fuzzy bunny slipper bullshit to the more like the serial killer crazy people or people who are profits and had their mind so they made the milk caveans a little bit more interesting no strats are still fucking boring and torridor torridor still boring is shit they're torridor like anris vampires they're just the foppy sheen affected like let's stop and Louis and she's and then the la sombre fucking awesome they even made the la sombre sweeter in fifth edition then she means they put him into a row out of the game at first and then when they put him back in they were got a huge upgrade and were sweeter in concept and they changed the followers to set made them less culturally specific they changed the rev no sombre them less culturally specific they completely changed name of the estimates to bano Hakim to represent the schism that took place when Usugli rose the Giovanni they did some major with the Giovanni and the sub clans in fifth edition that made them amazing again none of like the Giovanni did not even know their so fucking sweet the schoenese were a little bit campy in third edition and they made them sweet as fucking fifth edition by just focusing more on the Dracula concept because Dracula is schemese and they went away from just the gross monstrous schemese the central premise is like if you're so monstrous you can't even remotely pass for human then hunters find you more easily that because of technology advanced so much between 2003 and 2020 that the government to the world had much easier time hunting vampires so anything that stood out got wiped out so clans that were boring is fuck like toward or bruhah melcavians ventrue they actually survived the second in acquisition a lot better than the really weird as clans like the schemese pretty much got almost completely decimated which is fine I mean but that's as of 2018 through 2020 and we're still trapped in 2024 so not a lot of that shit hasn't happened yet so be interesting how it works and I will say the second edition second in acquisition books amazing because they go country by country and explain how the NSA or the church works with these different groups like Argentina Brazil like every country in the world has special forces units that are combination of like navy seals with priests that are just super focused on vampire hunting so a lot of the theme of the fifth edition is you have to hide from the humans the second in positions one of the major themes so like the second edition

You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV, where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. So, I'm going to prepare my intro workout, IGF1. This is 3 weeks out. So, I haven't made this IGF1 yet. I'll use this too. So, then we're going to let it all have to do two shots. It's not like my substance try substance rich for a shot. This needle still cleaned because it's still sterile. So, we put this back. These are half CC 30 gauge. One for each lat. So, this is 50 micrograms. This is injectable pre-workout. The sample is sent to me by heavy research. And I should put more air into it because this is going to come out slow as fuck. Hopefully that gets edited. Because this is a half a milligrams per millimeter. In this is else, citrillion, else, large mean, or nothing else. else, else, else, carnitine, carnivore, and glycine. This was done. I should have put air in this fucker. I'll put air in that X1. And then I'll put that up. This one will put air in a coma faster. Or that was the plan. I think it's not really happening. So, in the future, I'll probably put either you just a thicker gauge syringe. So, it's not 30, or I would put a lot more than this. Like, it could be five CCs with air. People are like, oh, he said, CCs. I thought you would. She sees, well, I'm not going to be putting in any amount of milligrams of air, fucktards. Because it is appropriate to measure gas by volume. It's just not appropriate to measure medicine by volume. Oops. I should have you had the actors. That would have been a pain in the butt. So, if you want that, and then forget the actors. All right. More often, the races. These are my pockets. Those are my own pockets. There you go. We're here at Planet Fitness, because it's really chill, and there's no power left or slamming their weight. So, it doesn't get in the way of filming, and the music's that super loud. So, it doesn't get in the way of filming. So, I'm actually able to give instructions. So, this is my new upper routine. I'm three weeks out. There's these different grips up here. That one right there is going to be mostly upper lats, rhomboids and rear delts. This one right here is going to be more lats. This one is my favorite for lats, and that hurts my elbow, but would be good for some people's biceps and lats. So, today I'm going to do two sets right here. And I went back and I looked at pictures from me from the stage, and in 2012 my lower lats were amazing. And in 2024 my lower lats were pretty much non-existent. And I think the biggest difference is I, in 2021 I still had pretty good lats. And I was able to do 15 pull-ups of 215 pounds. And then this offseason I was able to do like six pull-ups. So, I'm going to basically re-incorporate pull-ups as the primary motion. And then from here we're going to go do the single arm cable thing that Genekki showed me, which is my new favorite way to train single arm lats. Alright. Now I'm also going to let the hang after every set. It's all been a lot of stuff. It's all been a lot of stuff. It's all been a lot of stuff. That was a good set. I mean I got 8 plus 1. Maybe it was 9 plus 1 I don't remember. We'll have to look at the tape and find out. But I felt a lot of lats stretch deep down the lower lats. And I could feel that contraction. If I do the other grips, I feel it on the upper lat, but I don't feel it down that lower lat that really matters where I put my IGF1. Because that's what matters right now is lower lats. Lower lats and quad sweep of course bigger arms. Probably at least another year or two before I get better symmetry. But I think the symmetry is better. And my skill at hitting the lower lats when I skill at hitting the quad sweep. My skill at training arms is improved and it shows. But Rome wasn't built in the bay. So we got at least another two minutes of rest. I don't count the stretch as a rest because the muscles are still activated. It's a something great. You can't just stretch for two minutes and then start another set and get the same amount of reps as if you completely get off. The machine. Hopefully nobody has a problem with this using a camera here because it is such a better environment with our power lifters. Slamming their weights. Eyes been two minutes. I think that was six plus one. Holy shit. John Jewett. Hey man, it's been a while since we chatted. Wanna finally make this happen and see if you want to come on our podcast and we can talk about drugs by the way. I think that was 6 plus 1, Holy shit. John Jewett, hey man, it's been a while, since we chatted. Wanna finally make this happen? See, if you wanna come on our podcast and we can talk about drugs when I would love to. No podcast, I'd rather be a dead soul-fucking cool. I look up to John Jewett so much. I would say that aside from me, John Jewett is probably like the best there is in the PD space when it comes to a smartest body builder in the world, best body builder, the educator in the world, it's John Jewett. So I think that he invited me on his show rather than just asking to come on mine, but he actually invited me on his that such a big deal, Holy shit. So we're gonna move to the next station. So it took me a couple weeks, but I really got the hang of this Genekki style of training, specifically this exercise. This is not my favorite way to engage the last. So I'm gonna do a set, I'm gonna talk about what I did afterward, because it's so technical, it's unlikely anyone really figured how to do this, unless they were instructed, because I tried to teach myself from watching Eric's videos, and I sort of got it, but until he showed me a person, I'd really feel it right. So I'm gonna do a warm-up set really quick. Symmorow? Me? His name is Ne subscribed it's me. Is he my name? Yeah! I think I'm gonna do this for a second. Lose strength by doing the pull-ups first. But I figured out Thursday was I use the exact same weight whether I do this first or second. But obviously if I did this first I couldn't do the pull-ups. This pull-ups are super fucking hard. So I got eight and then six plus one over there. Typically I can get 12 here, a good 12 for two sets. So it's so technical. You're about wrong muscles will jump in. So first of all, if you pull straight it's gonna hit the bench. So it's gonna be pulled out an angle. Which means the way that I get in this is I get my knee here. My calf is leaning on this. My butt's completely off. My body length, my body, the position out here. Really. I'm not pushing on this to brace. I'm pulling the support my weight. And I'm letting it pull me forward and I'm pulling it back. So I'm not allowing internal rotation. I'm keeping it externally rotated. I'm not straightening my elbow because if I straighten my elbow it has to externally rotate. So the elbow stays bent and I'm pulling the elbow down. And then I'm arcing my back to bring the elbow back. Then I'm striving my elbow forward that I'm letting it up come up. So it's like this. Super technical. But that keeps the tension on the lat the whole fucking time. And never let it up. If you do full range emotion like this, you're getting rhomboids, rear del, tryse up. Everything's getting involved. Your lower lat, I don't feel it. Certainly not on my right side. My left side a little bit but not my right side. You know what? We're gonna try 85 pounds. So we did pull ups, neutral grip. And this is my first day of this. This is a brand new logbook. So I'm not ego-lifting today. I was 180 this morning. Eight reps of first. Six plus one the second. And then this is Jamaica single arm pull down. And we got we got on the bar 85. Alright, let's see how this goes. Hopefully that'll be all it gets 12. I don't know if they look good to you. But I felt total stimulation in my lat. The whole time. And the third rep I thought maybe this is too heavy. But I just hung in there. And I think I got 12. I don't know if they were good on the outside. But I felt lower lat stretch. And on the stretch position felt the lower lat, the entire contraction phase. The whole isometric phase. And I drilled my elbow away for me and drilled my chest down. So I got a good stretch. And the eccentric. I would say from with the third or fourth rep on. I had constant tension on the lat. All the way at the very bottom work matters. That could have been the best right lat set of my life. That was hard to shoot. I got to catch my breath and then I'll do my right side. My left side. I think I got 11 on that side. It is a finesse move. So if I want to get 11 reps with the left arm, that means that I want to get at least 12 reps with the second set. I don't want to lose reps on the second set. We're close enough to the show to where works at back offset. Per exercises, plenty volume. If you're doing four exercises, I don't need to be doing nine straight sets to failure with the same load. Now you're the first round. Yeah, yeah, yes, yes. Well, give the fuck what you say. Now give the fuck. What the? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. So what? I think that was their team. Exercise is definitely the most technical thing. I do all week this and a Sissy Hatch Watts is super technical. The belt squats with your feet on the semi roller. This also really technical too. This is all my dancing moves. I'm going to play the right to my solo dance. Yes. So what more does that do now? Who's losing me dance? Who's losing you? Who's losing you? You're mine. You're mine. You're mine. You're mine. You're mine. You're mine. I'm lost. I'm lost. I'm lost. I'm lost. Yeah. I'm lost. I'm lost. I'm lost. I'm lost. I'm lost. I'm lost. I'm lost. I'm lost. I'm lost. I'm lost. I'm lost. I'm lost. I'm lost. I'm lost. So we're going with this. Now on to low roll machine. There's never as much stretchers I would like. But it's really good. I think I've been getting like 12 reps. You're so with a stack. So what I'm going to do, I'm not going to wrap around and get a lot of upper back. I'm going to try to stretch the lat out. Drive the elbow down as I drive my chest up. Ark my back and try to pull my elbow behind me a little bit. Whether it's going to happen is to give him story. But that's the idea. Trying to keep it on the lat. By driving with my heel down and my butt back, I'm able to stretch it out through the lower lat better. Oh, nine reps. I got ten. I'm sorry, why not? 200. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Oh. That's how it's 11. That's why I will come here. Is that the machines count your reps for you? And it's also got a timer. 11 reps. 19 seconds. I'm trying to do the whole stack if he's only getting nine reps. I was getting 12. But every time I go up weight on the previous exercises, I'm that much more tired when I get here. So I have less than the tank, which is something you do. Like if you are wrapping out with the stack, it doesn't mean that exercise is bad. Just move it back in the roster. The best explanation would be this. Like in Final Fantasy, if you had 12 people, you could assemble for a party. And you have four people use all the time. They're going to be like so many levels ahead of everyone else. So what you should do is whoever's the highest level, you rotate them out and rotate in someone who's the lowest level. So your first stringers, you get four first stringers, four second stringers, fourth third stringers. Pull out your leader first stringer, the captain. You've got your second third fourth and 12th best person. At all times, you see how that works, then no one gets left behind. No child, what is it? No child, I'm like no character left behind. Because I found that on Final Fantasy II, where I couldn't use my first string team. I had to send my bea string, my bea team in. The bea team sucked ass. There was so underpowered. All right. So this is my all time absolute favorite machine for upper body. I don't know why it's so great or why no one else is ever thought of doing a chess-supported cable. It's so good. You want to get lower lats, bring it up. You want to get upper back, bring it down. You could do this with the seat on one. You do this with the seat on seven. We're going to do this with the seat on three. So good. People really like to wipe them, put them down with cyclohaxane. Cyclohaxane's a known character, a gentleman, especially if it's in your eyes and your nose and a mouth. And people are going to say, well, so we'll don't put it in your eyes and nose and mouth. Well, if you didn't inadvertently touch your face constantly, you wouldn't have to worry about viruses going in your eyes, nose and mouth, now would you? So if you're going to touch the equipment and get viruses and then touch your eyes, nose and mouth, why wouldn't you touch your equipment and get cyclohaxane in your eyes, nose and mouth? So I personally would rather not get cancer and have my immune system fight off viruses. So I never, I always hope people not too wiped out in the equipment. I don't want cancer from the cleaning system. I never let the life of cancer out. I never let the life of cancer out. Some of you noticed how slow and in control that was. That's because I'm in the end of the workout. And so my nervous system's like, ready to do perfect reps. There's no anxious stimulus to hammer the weights, but um, whatever it's called. So this is the matrix upper back cable. Ruh. Is that what it's called? Fuck if I know that's just what I call it. And then we did 130, 69, I'll put nine plus one because I thought I got time. And I'm going to drop it down to 120. Now I should you not. You'd expect my rhomboids to be sore from that, right? After one said, it's plausible. My upper traps, my upper lats are also hit like that. So even like you're like, well, you kind of ignored your upper lats. This whole workout. This thing hit them so hard because I was internal. I was, what's that? I was adducting the humorous, externally rotating. And then I was driving down with the elbows and I was driving back with the elbows. I wasn't just pulling. I wasn't just retracting the scapula. I was, I was adducting the humorous, externally rotating, driving the elbows down as I was. And then you'll notice I sat back and leaned forward to do that better. It's murder. Even without weight, just flexing the muscles. Matt, big range is a motion, but big, it's my muscle connection. Big stimulus. Okay, here we go. Last set of back for the day. I was just going to do that. That's it. Three reps. I've never had that much of a drop off between the first and the second set. I'm this exercise before. I've done from 12 to 8, but never dropped the weight and then only gotten three reps. So that wasn't even an effective set, but holy shit. My upper lats are on fire right now. So we're done with back, technically chest is up next, but we're going to do rear del. So I don't have to stay in the line for the equipment twice, because nothing's more popular in the gym than a fucking pack deck. Because people get to work their chest while they're sitting, which is their favorite thing to do. Everybody's so hyper focused on chest. I'm so excited. So there's mixed feelings about stretching. In theory, if you stretch while you're training, or before you train, the sarco mirrors are opened up past the zealine, I think it's called. The acting, myas and filaments are longer in contact, which allows mechanically the calcium to leak in from the sarco-plasm with the curriculum, which decreases the ability of the X, the two X fibers from contracting, maximally, however, if you've got tight muscles that aren't allowing it to release in the first place, you have to stretch the muscle enough to where it can actually contract. Think of rigor mortise. Like a spider that's curled up on its back like this. If you flipped it over, it's not going to be able to walk around. You got to stretch it out enough to where it can actually articulate. So if I've got a really tight right side, and I keep stretching my right side, I'm trying to get them as a limber as the last. That's not what I got. But this is a trick that I used to use, that I didn't have it in use, but I'm going to start using today. There's no reason you can't superset your rear pack deck with your regular pack deck, especially if you're doing it before a chest. This is how I felt all my chest strength, and I don't do it anymore. Just like how I don't do pull-ups, and my lats disappeared. When I had a really strong big chest, it's when I would do reverse pack deck, superset it with pack deck, and then go Smith bench. I used to do it guillotine style, and that was my all-time strongest. When I was 42. I was so happy. Not a lot of weight, not a lot of reps. Not too long ago, after seeing Eric, I got up to 140 for 20, but I wasn't feeling the stretch is good in the packs. So I lied me up, focused on holding that stretch. When I'm in the stretch, almost pushing my scapula out, keeping my hand as extremely rough as possible, elbow straight, and bringing it across like a karate chop. If it hurts up in here, I'll make some adjustments. But the goal is to stretch the stuff so it stops hurting before I get to the press. The chest information, the lat information, the tricep information, definitely the quad and the hamstring stuff from my training video with Eric, was well worth the money of flying out to LA to train with him. That was probably worth, that was probably like a 30 grand value. It's probably one of the best training sessions I've ever had. So if you haven't checked it out, check out the video nine weeks out with Eric Janicki, and memorize everything he says. Because that was extremely extremely, extremely valuable. So three sets of riddles and two sets of pack deck. So riddle pack deck, riddle pack deck, riddle pack deck, you're done. How many vice versa? Rear pack, rear pack, rear pack, rear. I just didn't wrong this time. Very humbling. Even though this set, people will say it's humbling but they won't say it's humiliating to me. It's the same thing. So this is a shoulder thing but with the amount of arch I do, it's an upper chest thing for me. Just stretch the chest out, got a good limber. This semi roller is going to get me a better range of motion. So I can really stretch out the packs. These are really comfortable grips. I really can get my chest better here than I can at almost any machine in Umbro. And then right here, I'm able to really get the arm in so close. It just explodes that tricep. I only get like five or six reps with it but holy shit, it's like a GM press that's machine loaded. It's so good. This is one of the best ways to hit my triceps. So I've got one set of two sets of flies, four sets of presses. So theoretically it's six chest sets but you're getting a little bit of triceps here and a lot of triceps here. So I'm getting a little bit of tricep volume even though there's no direct tricep work today. I do triceps before legs and it's all isolation shit. The downside of the semi roller is that side of the arm is that side of the arm. Over the fucking place. If you look, you can see that it's off center. Joe Bennett gets around this by banding it down. Joe Bennett also has a private studio. So you can leave things where he wants them. Then my triceps on fire right now right in through here. Because the lats tight. So I'm going to have to stretch my lat out to loosen up my tricep.� So that second set didn't hurt my elbow nearly as much because I stretched out my lap really good. Now we're doing the closer grip. I usually go through this too fast because my lungs recover before the muscles do. It has compared to back chest to soy. That's why everybody in their brother comes into the gym and does chest first because it weighsy. That leg is in back is hard. The rest of it's just if it was in for this fucking machine counting my reps I would have no idea how I did. This machine is a little awkward to get into. I kind of caused my upper right trap to spasm trying to use it. My massage therapist can't figure out how to work this trap and release an at so it's just getting worse a week after week after week. I'm excited when we go to Texas because the massage therapist down there lifts weights so I think she'll be able to understand what I'm doing. Whereas in Michigan there aren't any massage therapists who actually lift weights. They think they know a strong man but that doesn't need shit to me. I don't have a fuck about strongly. If you don't do bodybuilding you don't know how to lift weights. This is not a technical piece of equipment but it's highly technical how I do it. First I go to setting three I put on one twenty and I'm going to push my knuckles out and scrape out. Chastah with a little bit of internal rotation and that's what's going to get the middle down. Some of you are wondering why do I do one arm in a time? One, these are the full cramps. My clavicles are not that narrow. My full cramps would have to be here and here. Two, see how much give there is? There's no tension in the stretch position. So in order to create tension in the stretch position I have to take the slack out. Now every time I've ever tried this to show someone they do it wrong I'm using the length of this bone to support this. I'm not using any muscles to do it. I get my arm my leg out of the way so I get more range of motion. Which I stop, push my fist out. It's 11 plus one maybe. Ah, right there. This is where the knot is. I can feel it. Making a good time man. When we get here like one we got started right around one. We're almost done. We got two more sets here and then three sets in there. We already did the hanging because I incorporated the pull-ups and hanging together and we already did rear belts because I supersed the red belts with the peck deck. Super efficient training. Nobody's in here. It's a Sunday at 2.30 in the afternoon. No one's here. We're here. No one's in here. No one's in here. No one's in here. All right. Intensity is now at A0 which is what sucks about long-ass workouts. Is that after about 90 minutes there's no way you're still in it. After about an hour you're not even really in it anymore. But if you're really tired you don't want to go home and because you can't relax after the workout one knowing you got workout two to go back to. So you better off just so then the common sense of approach would be then to do six one-hour workouts but then you don't have any rest days. So probably the optimal way to do it on paper is upper lower off upper lower off and keep your workouts under an hour. I just don't know how that's even possible. The reason why I like doing the basing curls here is that I'm not only going to do two you're like flopping all over the place. Here I can grab one post and do one arm and then grab the other post and do the other arm. On 17's the best way. Oh you can't because it comes out of where that angle. Oh wow try this. Oh That was 27, not 17. Fuck. No wonder why it felt so heavy. It's 27. Well I got 11 with 27. It felt like shit. Yeah much better sensation on the bicep. Normally I would want to hang in between sads but for some reason every single time I'm ever here doing this, there's a line for this and there's a line for that, pull-up station. But they're not doing pull-ups, they're doing some ab thing on their phone. [♪ Everybody singing song in the background plays together and sung läanges</b So I want you to think about what you want to listen to in the car because we could listen to J3 University and just I don't I have it on the app so it's downloaded to my other phone my droid. So I sign in and play that you can watch it I can't watch it with a lot of drive but you can watch it and could put it on the laptop could put on a tablet the other thing is I can listen to audible through the car so if there's a certain book you want to listen to that you think it would be productive for us. Surprisingly there's not only body builders who write books about being body builders there's is retails book about body building but not like someone like John Jewid or Derek Lundsford or Hottie Chupon they don't have books talking about a prep like the motley crews the dirt I could write a book on every prep and it would have crazy dramatic shit involved in every prep like I could make a story and everyone thinks they're interesting I actually am interesting that I would and I'm actually a good writer but that's one idea is or we could listen to the dirt you know are like anything we want last one prep I listen to a fortitude by Dan Crenshaw American sniper by Chris Kyle you can't hurt me by David Goggins and that really helped me get through that prep that was a really hard prep got one set left I think did I do to write to left already yeah when I did this with the 27 pounds it hurt like how I thought well I'm obviously overtrained because doing by a step five times a week and try a steps five times a week is too much even if it's just a little bit three six off three six three off I buy some of your slightly sore for the first time in months when I was doing six three times a week my arms weren't sore at all when I started incorporating these here at the end of upper body day so I've got like three direct sets of biceps and four indirect sets of triceps on upper and then six and six direct on lower maybe that's too much but it certainly is a two level so I've got thirty minutes of cardio you left today I like the cardio equipment here and I'll explain why in a moment so I like this because I can go backwards or as an abnormal electrical machine you can't go backwards and I'm getting a lot of lateral quad when I do this so one could argue well whatever you're using doing cardio is gonna burn off if that was true the stair male wouldn't be the preferred flimocardio by people like honey rambod the idea is that whatever you're stimulating doing cardio you'll eventually burn it off well the counter arguing be whatever you stimulate doing cardio you're gonna reach retain so if one or two days a week I get twenty minutes or something post upper body workout in here I don't think it's gonna really hurt my leg performance it has it so far so you can also adjust the incline and make it more like a reverse stairmaster I just love this piece of cardio equipment usually my phone gets a lot of phone calls while I'm training and I just put on my headphones and I get over here and this is like my office and I call patients back and answer their questions while I'm doing my post workout cardio then from here I can then go and do the tanning and then from that I can do red light therapy or the massage chair which those are amenities that are not available at other gyms now this particular planet fitness I don't like their leg equipment but the one that's closer my house and what's one field I don't like their upper body equipment but they get great lower body the best leg extension the best lying leg curl ever and then all the planet fitness is to get scotted hack squats so I can start doing scissy hack squats and they also have ham restraints leg press which is a particularly easy leg press but if you put the semi roller on it it shouldn't be that easy likewise you could do the horizontal leg press and put the semi roller on that and it won't squirt you out like the normal leg press does squirt you out I could in theory do every workout at a planet fitness and be completely content many props many many many many props and the year at a planet fitness because it much less likely to get approached the planet fitness and I would be at powerhouse people ask questions and stuff or people want to ask you about your show or they want to tell you what they think of your look and I think too much positive reinforcement makes you lazy and none of those gyms except for Umbra and RTV have posing rooms but powerhouse gyms there's no filming there's no posing I mean you can pose in the corner with your shirt off and no one complains but they don't have a designated posing room they have an aerobics room but we're not allowed to use it for posing which makes no sense in the end if you're going to be at a gym that you can't pose but it's got tanning it's got phenomenal cardio equipment it's got massage chairs it's got red light therapy I mean the planet fitness is worth 20 bucks a month for anybody even if all you do is you come in and you tan and use the massage chair or you do fast cardio whatever if you don't have cardio equipment at home one of the best decisions I've remained was buying a liptical for my home so I can just wake up and do fast cardio at home it makes your life so much easier when we're out of town rather than aerobian being it because we're going to have cardio to do I'm just going to go to the extended stay-hole towels with a kitchen and a bedroom for each me and chi so that I can go downstairs and use the elliptical machine downstairs before the every morning fastened and if someone's on the elliptical then I'll use the stairmaster or I'll use the treadmill or the bike until they're off the elliptical for upcoming perhaps I'm probably going to do the stairmaster instead because it's just so much more lateral quad stimulation I have a feeling it's either going to debt drastically hurt or drastically help quad development to use the stairmaster I'll get Dom's take on it see what he thinks I'm sure he still say it probably doesn't matter I'll have to know are you tan right I try to tan every workout and I stopped using planet tan because it was giving it a headache so I'm probably getting tailor even though am I getting tailor even though I'm tanning every day you look a little bit okay I gotta start using the lantern again I'll start today I still got two and a half weeks that's plenty because I got down to like a quarter milagrement it was still making once we were in LA I got out of the habit of taking it so I've only been off for a moment for a month but this is when it really matters what are your calories on right now it's 285 protein on a low day 135 carbs on a low day 41 grams of fat on a low day so what is that that's 420 1680 1680 plus 360 91750 2050 2000 now it should be like 1900 I it should be under 2000 it's like 1980 calories on a low day high day is 3300 high day is 4440 carbs and 56 fat so about 1200 extra calories for carbs and an extra 135 calories from fat yeah that was a while ago once we concluded for sure 55 was what the DHB was not affecting estrogen I put in 30 EQ to bring it down further it came down to like 14 then brought the test from 80 down to 70 which probably brought the estrogen down to 12 and then recently the EQ went from 30 to 45 so that will probably drop the estrogen down to like 6 or 7 and then considering that there's 50 wind straw on board there's almost no I'm basically very dry and brittle right now but I'm also very strong I thought I got I know like overnight and I couldn't figure out why I thought maybe it's because I did a loading dose of trend when my trend went from 30 to 40 I ran 60 for a couple days to get it up to where 40 would be then pulled back to 40 I thought maybe I thought so and then yesterday I noticed you could see it through the skin and then it's gone today so I think it was just a pimple but I blasted 40 to my oxiphon for two days so I don't know if I just fried this instant gino I created by front loading the trend increase or if it is because I switched from oral wind straw to liquid wind straw and the liquid wind straw wasn't mixed right because I switched from the liquid back to the oral wind straw the same day I put in the tamoxid fennel within two days it's completely gone like completely gone it's crazy so I don't know why tamoxid then we clear up a pimple that fast but either I got the fastest case of breast cancer in the world or I had a pimple anybody else would have no idea let to do they look I go to pull up from the show or they would sell over do everything and it's like nah I got this I almost took a needle and stuck it through it this is see if I could drain it because tumors don't drain but I was like let's give it three days because the only place I could get gino would be the nipple because that's the only place where there's glands left so it's like literally below the right nipple there was like an extra nub I was like I got a witch's nipple like I didn't know if I made a pact with the devil and I was sleeping to win the show or some shit and I got a witch's nipple I love people don't know what that is but a witch's nipple is like the number one way to tell if a woman was a witch which really just meant that there is a way for these puritanical Christians to like rip women's clothes off to look at their tits because they had an inspect them to see if they had three nipples ah got to love the buckles the buckluckl had it assholes there's nothing like strict religion to make men abuse the fuck out of women

Hurry! You're watching Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. Oh, hello there. So this is But day in the life of me. You'll get to see a full day eating. I've already done my morning medicine and it's hit my inhaler. Now I'm doing my fast cardio. I haven't done my vacuums yet. Normally I do those before this, but I'm saving them for you. Then we have a meal. And then we have posing with my posing coach grass-fed. And after that, probably have another meal. Normally my massage therapist Becky comes at 12. And then my nurse Rake hummus at 1.30 to do my IV with glutathione. But Becky's coming later today. We're not sure when that's going to be, but it'll happen. So you'll get to see what I do during the day. As you can see, I have it set up. I'm doing my cardio with my TV, like a theater. I have the blackout curtain so that it's dark like a theater. I've got more lights on right now than I normally would. I'm watching the offer, the story of how the godfather was made. Because my buddy Kai has big into film. And I thought it'd be something cool to do because he might come over later in Hangout. And you'll get to see me make some meals. Now today is my medium day, which is what you might call a hidee. And it is pretty much normally four identical meals. Because the rest of the week on my low day, I eat pretty much four identical, three identical meals. And one slightly different one. So on a regular day, I have tuna on rice cakes, three times. And then I have just chicken tenderloins with vegetables for the last meal. Today is going to be Kingco gluten-free breaded chicken tenderloins. And rice with peas and carrots mixed in, you'll see how I make that. That's it. It's four of those meals. Not today. Because you're here, I might have the tuna on rice cakes as one of the meals. So you can see how I make my tuna. People will be surprised how many ingredients I put into the tuna to make it so good that something is boring is tuna and rice cakes. I can make really fucking good. Something is boring is chicken and rice. I have so many different ways of making that. I could have it four times in a day and it's different every time. Depending on the marinade you use, if you barbecue it, or if you grill it, I mean barbecue it, or if you cook in the air fryer. Some of you might think it's some pedestrian shit, but everyone who's ever had my cooking, even if they're someone who's a fatty, bombaddi, it's too dull and it's say. Can't believe how good it tastes. Because if you tell someone, oh it's healthy, they don't want anything. It's healthy. It's in T-Sixet. And then they have and they're like, wow, that's just amazing. But if you don't even tell them, it's healthy. You just give them food. They'll be like, wow, this is amazing. And then you're like, oh, it doesn't really have zero grims of fat. Then they think it now what tastes worse to them, that they actually think that excess calories equals flavor, rather than just simply the skill of preparing a meal is what directly proportional to flavor. Anyway, someone's a little, this is not true. You definitely think it's due, but it was curved. It's like, there's a certain minimum amount of carbs in fat that need to be an every meal to make it good, but it doesn't need to be a lot. So come with me if you want to lift and today we're not lifting because that's all you ever see as lifting videos. Or of course, everyone's fucking favorites, videos about steroids, even others, nothing to it. There's absolutely nothing to steroids. Unless you're a professional body builder, all anyone ever has to do is an HRT dose of test as much GH's their body can handle before the knuckles hurt. And maybe maybe a third compound. And you choose the compound based stuff of which of your organ systems is the least fragile. And then you leverage that one. So if your liver is really strong, you use DHB or if you have really low APOB, you could use master on. And then those are the two most pure and symbolic compounds that have no other negative effects or side effects. They're necessarily adverse effects. They're just side effects. Like a side effect that's a stoster on is an increased intelligence synthesis. That's a good thing. Some side effects are good. Anyway, that's nothing about steroids. I don't want to have a certain secondary level of stress. So this is me doing my fasty cardio as you can see. It's not particularly hard. It's supposed to be because it's fasted. I have already used all the stuff that I would cover in the advanced fat loss stack video. All right, so I'm going to go back to my show. Have a seat. Watch some of the offer with me. I only bred one side of it because if you bred both sides, the side that's on the bottom just comes off in the air fryer. I never clean my air fryer because a lot of the junk at the bottom gets stuck to food and it tastes delicious that way. Okay. This is how I have it arranged from there. I'll put this away so it doesn't get wet. I don't use the range so I that's usually a staging area. That's about three grams of fat. I've actually waited out before. This is garlic. This is black pepper. I do four pinches and then it scatters down that way. If you try to go to Iraq, it's going to be uneven. It's going to make it taste too strong with some bites and not enough with others. I think flavors have to be consistent. So every time you have a food it's the exact same. That's something the market research worked for back McDonald's. That's onion, salt, that should be about 2,000 milligrams of salt which would be about 800 milligrams of sodium. Here's some parsley actually. You know what? I almost forgot the best ingredient. So I use the sugar-free tai chili, wing sauce. There are a lot of jihu's of sauce. This is by far the bus one with this dish. So I do about 10 grams each breast. I mean each tenderloin. Now you're like a touch not weighing it. When you make something for years, you get the hang of it. And I estimate this will be 240 grams cooked. Now the parsley. If you use too much it tastes like seaweed. You know it's enough, you're screwing yourself because parsley really changes. I got that trick from evidence on a potty. Using parsley, oops. This trick is so good. So depending on how clean the air firs you have to use more or less I'm going to do 11 minutes right now. All right. I have one, two, three chicken, four chicken strips left, which is enough for chi. So I'm going to defrost another bag of chicken. All right. The way I do that. I normally use my scissors, but I can't get to it right now. There. Open this up. Leave it in the bag. Put hot water in it. That would weigh more amounts to your skin. It's because you're watching. There you go. So that'll defrost in about 20 minutes. I might have to change the water, put hot water in again. So now it's vacuum-chilling. Hopefully I don't trim this makeup. I've got 11 minutes. All I have to put the veggies in. One bag of Walmart piece of carrots. Back up. Six and a half minutes. Now my bag is. It's easier when it's on empty stomach. We are going to die. We need you to go and go and lift the rice. We are going to wash the rice. We are going to wash the rice. We are going to wash the rice. We are going to wash the rice. We are going to wash the rice. We are going to wash the rice. We are going to wash the rice. We are going to wash the rice. We are going to wash the rice. We are going to wash the rice. That should be enough one day. We got four minutes left and the chicken. A minute and a half left on the rice and that rice on the veggies. I need to get my plate out. I haven't had a medium day in a week so I haven't had my favorite meal in a week. And the irony is I'd rather have this than anything. There's not a, it's been so long since I've had any restaurant food. I don't have any variety thanks to redotruteide. I just want my normal life. I just want to tell you, I'm not going to have a meal. It turns out it's probably one of the only people I watch when it comes to like, when he's in the kitchen. Because it's a very contemplative guy. I used to watch Seabon the lot too but Seabones style of this video is became too avant guard for me. There is this one time where Calvin was recording ice melting. And I'm like, I'm done. I just want to watch and lift some waves, man. Why am I watching ice-mobile? It's, you know, it's like film. And it's like, that's great. But I'm not a film student. So it's like a tar work. You know, like, I like really technical death metal and like highlights more of the slam death core. But like, I know that the major, super technical guitar work would be boring for almost anybody. So for example, I'm distant is more slam death core. Whereas I'd say, um, spire of Lazarus is the polar opposite in the spectrum where it's super super technical death core with like, Lauren is sure of being a perfect balance in the middle or shadow of intent. Let's see what's going to happen. So 62. 72. I should use a smaller spoon. There are 87 close enough. So that's 65 carbs right there. Now the rice, I didn't make fresh rice because I just made that yesterday for my buddy Brad. So it's going to be close enough. Normally I'd only eat fresh rice. I would never eat reheated rice. But I've here with Kai here, it's going to be eating two after my eyeballs. So we're going to tear through this. And the rice isn't even 18 hours old. I mean, it's, it's pretty fresh. And if it tastes like shit, I won't have a meat it. I'll make fresh rice for a second. 30 seconds on that. Five seconds on that. I'm going to run in P. Well, I got 25 seconds. Perfect. I hate the sound of that. I hate the patchy look microwave. It could be every two minutes. It doesn't need to bake every minute. Like mom, mom, mom, mom, mom, mom, mom, mom, mom, mom, mom, mom, mom, short of, you know, like, all right, microwave. They got it. The food's in there. Shut the fuck up, perfect. I normally use another blade. And not my finger actually. Excuse me. I hate breaking the breading. The bread breaking the breading pisses me off. Go in through there, boom. Some is a cute two-in-all. Blub, blah, blah, blah. This is like, you know what? If most people, they cheat on their diet and they eat out because they're miserable when they eat their diet because they suck as cooks. And the smell and the vis-a-built, the plating is a factor subconsciously. If it wasn't, we'd be eating off a paper plates and restaurants. These little crispy things are so good. That's why I like it nice and dirty. Same thing with my grill. My grill is filthy so that when you grill stuff on it, there's grill marks on the meat that actually tastes different than the air fryer. Otherwise, there's no cognitive difference and you don't feel like you actually had a different meal. Because if you really ate the same thing several times a day, for months, that's when people look, I need some variety. That's whenever you have a client, it's like, I need to have some variety in my diet. But almost only women say that. And I always say like, do you have a husband? They're like, yeah. I was like, do you sleep with the same dude every day? And they're like, yeah, like then you can eat the same fucking food every day. And what might have underdone it with the sauce, but we'll see. I don't like breaking the breading. So you're using all-christ sharp scissors. You're like, well, you could use scissors, which room with you, it's like if you use a knife, it's gonna drag and it's gonna break the breading off one. Two, in surgery, you only use scissors. You don't use knives. The scalpel is just made for the skin and so on. That's why that's what you see in movies. That you use an electrocardiobo to cut or to cotorize. And you use scissors for other forms of dissection. All right. So we've got a little bit of rice, some peas on this fork. Pick it up. You can see my hands shakes from Plen, not excitement. You might pretty good. I should use a little bit more of the Thai chili sauce. So the fresh rice is butter. So for kai's, I'll make him a fresh rice. And then we'll have fresh rice to rest of the dough. But this is still delicious. We're gonna get the malindas sweet Thai chili sauce. If I don't use a dish, I'll just use a spoon. I'll just use a spoon. But though malindas sweet Thai chili sauce, if I use the winged sauce after it's cooked, it's not baked on. It's not gonna be right. This is a better one to repair. Oops, there's one drop. And this piece is too big to treat it with a spoon. A lot of people like to go out to eat. I find that ruins the meal because the other person is talking. Which is fine. I can listen to someone talk and tell me about what there is going through or some shit. But when they wanna ask you questions, what about this? What about that? What about this? Why about this? It's a fucking nightmare, because you can't eat and talk at the same time. And if you try, you run the risk of biting yourself. And then if you bite yourself, now it's gonna ruin your ability to eat. It's so stressful when people are talking to you when you're eating. I don't even like when the waitress comes by and ask if your meal is going okay. I was like, I usually wear headphones so that they don't talk to me. But luckily I'm in prep so I don't have to eat out. But in the office, and there's certain go to meals. I'll have a bit of very standardized. And on a certain days, like often I'll get sushi from meal alone or pads for you, white oil, double pork, pulse workout. If I turn it north, though, there's a really good type of place there. I always think it's so weird when I see these other guys they're having like creamer rice with protein powder. And that's their meal. Like there's no way, well, they just, maybe there's a pre-workout or a pulse workout. But that is not filling at all. You're gonna be starving if you eat that. I'm in 2020, in 2021. I just drink all my meals. I put chicken and rice in a blender and just mix it up and throw them on a scoop of protein powder. And I would just eat that and drink that. And I'd have like that four times a day I didn't eat any food. When I started getting cavities, believe it or not, that the active chewing scrubs the teeth in the certain way. There's pockets between the gums and the teeth. And if you don't have food going in to push out the food that's there, it just collects there and bacteria grows inside your face. Plus, all the water actually stretched out my way is to have, you're not supposed to drink water, but I only had like this much left in this. And when you're eating it, that's supposed to drink water because then you get bloated and it stretches out your stomach. Makes it harder than I just the food. Well, I think I would enjoy this more if I waited and had the rest of it later. I'm pretty full right now. I mean instead of me forcing it down, I'm gonna go make high-suit and I'm gonna let it settle. And then I'll probably eat the rest of that when he's eating his food. So back to the back cave. I realized I gave mixed signals because I said I don't like talking and eating and I was talking eating. I think it's because when you're, I'm able to chew and then talk. But if you're talking to someone else, you're expected to prioritize responding to them over chewing. But you're not supposed to talk with your mouthful. But it makes signals. Making good time. I like to be done eating at least a half an hour if not an hour before posing practice. Otherwise, posing is a nightmare because you're burping and you can't vacuum. Got to rinse the rice, of course. Minimal starch lines. If you want to take the time to make sure you know starch is left, you could do that. I actually do that like five star restaurants. So for Jasmine rice, I'm doing a wonder one. I'm gonna go a little bit more actually. It's been a little dry lately. So two cups of rice, two cups of water, put in any other eighth of a cup. Now, this is where the magic happens. I get Celtic sea salt. For the rice. For two cups, I'm going to use about 16 to 20 grams of salt. 20 grams of salt. It would be eight grams of salt. Let me stir that in. You can't use too much oil. If you use a tiny amount of oil so the rice isn't sticky, otherwise, you're stuck in your throat. But you shouldn't use too much. So, it's six grams for two cups. It's the perfect amount of my phone. What the fuck? There was not 19 grams. That was four grams. Then I was six grams, whatever I'm gonna fuck you. Fuck it now. You need a battery? No, there's a fucking caripel. All right, so I'm gonna put in like two grams. The three more were done. We're gonna air in the set of caution. Because if you put in too much oil, you're fucked. The rice is every single grain is independent of each other. There's no cohesion at all for the rice. 10 grams is usually way too much. And we want the turmeric to stick. The turmeric makes it yellow. Now, saffron's better, but saffron's a hundred dollars in the works. And there's no flavor per se to the turmeric, but you definitely notice when it's not there. Kind of look the parsley. If there's no parsley on it, you can tell there's something wrong. But if you put in too much, then taste like plan. That takes about 20, 25 minutes. We'll see. Never time to, it's 955. I expect that'll be done by 10, 20. So I'm gonna do my foam rolling now while I wait for that rice to finish. Actually, I'm gonna prepare a water. So I preload my shaker cups with water and baking soda. Why the baking soda? Because the baking soda is kind of like a disinfectant. And it also gives it a, it's almost like, I say pop, because I'm from Michigan, but people in California would call it soda. So it's like a carbonated beverage, because the sodium by carbonate has sodium. So I don't have to add salt to it. And by carbonate is carbonated, so now, it's like a strawberry watermelon carbonated beverage. And the salt prevents you from eating the heartburn, like normal water gives you. And it also helps you retain the water in your body. So as you notice, I put two grams of salt on the chicken. Eight grams of salt in the rice. No, I'm sorry. There is two grams of salt, 20 grams of salt, and they're gonna be three more meals. So that'd be two times three is six, six plus. I usually eat about half that much rice. By the end of the two thirds of it. So I'll have 15, 15 plus. Eight is 23 grams of salt. 23 grams of salt comes out to be able to eight nine grams of sodium for the day. Plus they're sodium in every one of my waters. That's delicious. It's basically you made your own soda or pop. And you can make it whatever flavor you want. And you can make it just as salty if you want an extra salt or just as carbonated. If you want to put an extra sodium by carbonate, I don't know why I didn't want to actually buy soft drinks, especially regular coke. Well, now it's time for the full rolling. I've got my full roller, and I've got what I call my thermal detonator. So the thermal detonator is a massage thing. It actually vibrates. I call it a thermal detonator because we're trying to deny it. Where I think is that just here. Oh my lat, here it is. I found the spot on my lat. That's extremely important for releasing my lat. And so, boy, watch this and share it. We'll see you in the next one. You're so beautiful. You're so beautiful. You're so beautiful. You're so beautiful. You're so beautiful. You're so beautiful. You're so beautiful. I think you guys should. So there, and I'm still the hydrogen. I haven't had much water today. So this is way more painful than it needs to be. I'm going to abort mission on these legs. But I am going to try to pre-suffin' them up before Becky comes at 6.30. The advantage of her coming so late today is that I'll be way more hydrated when she comes. And I'll have had the IV before she gets here. Usually when she does the massage first and opens up all the tissue, it absorbs all the water. And my veins collapse. Then Ray has a hard time getting a vein. But this time I'll be so hydrated when she gets here. It'll be a much less painful experience. The long term goal was for Becky to master doing the IV. Since she is also in nurse, but she's out of practice. Because of course she makes more money as a massage therapist than as a nurse. I try to get myself an IV, but I can't. Because you have to use two arms pretty much to do it. And one of, unless I'm doing my leg, I can't really do it. And I don't know how I would, I guess I'd have to do it like this. This. And then thread it through like this on my calf. That's probably how I could give myself an IV. But then the tubes come in this way. It's going to be a shit show. Normally they have to just do my calf. It's my calf's way easier to get a vein when I'm collapsed. If you go to lab corps, those phlobotomists aren't. I guess license to do. Um, legs, they're only licensed to do arms. And my God, dude. This country is so fucking weird with their rules. I think Australia is the only country in the world with more fucking rules in America. Like how fucking dumb is that? Like you could do the legs. The veins in the arm, but not the leg. Alright, so what I did different for Kai is that he's more garlic, more onion, more of the sauce and loss of the salt. So I made adjustments based off of how my and came out. I usually go to heavy on the garlic, to heavy on the onion, to heavy on the sauce, to heavy on everything. So I made mine moderate. And it wasn't enough. Kai loves how I make it normally. So I went 75% as hard, rather than 50% as hard. So I used about 50% more flavor than I did with mine. And the rice will be done before that. Because I think the rice is seven minutes left. We'll see how accurate I am with my assessment. Alright, so what I did is my rice was gross. So I took my chicken off the plate, put a little bit more sauce on it. And I'm going to stick it in the microwave for 30 seconds. I also took my rice. I weighed what was left after I took the chicken off the plate. It was 137 grams. Now I used 150 grams of rice and 85 grams of peas and carrots. So I'm going to estimate that it's 100 grams of rice and 37 grams of peas and carrots. Just because it's simple. I could use a calculator and make sure it was perfect. But it's if it was 270 total, it would have been 180 and 90. So 85, if you 170, it's pretty much a 33-66% situation. So what I got to do, I don't know if you can see from back there, is before I eat the rice, we have to fluff the rice. Otherwise, what happens is, it's going to get stuck to the bottom. So this is very hot, so I have to do this. And what I do is I rotate it. And people are like, this dude's so anal, he has a system for fluffing rice. It's not so much that it was, it's just you've been doing it that much for that many years. I've been doing this 17 years. I've mastered a lot of different techniques and abandoned a lot of different things for different things. And this is what I'm doing right now. If you watch YouTube didn't ban my channel in 2018, you would watch the cooking shows I did, you know, 10 years ago, and they were funny because everyone complained my kitchen was so dirty. And I would just do shit like I'd crack an egg and just roll the shells at the wall and see if they stuck to it. I was just wild as fuck. My old cooking show was fucking awesome. New audiences are so sensitive, you can't have a sense of humor because they don't get humor. Like I'm basically doing Tim Dylan comedy in a bodybuilding context. And nobody knows that because they don't watch Tim Dylan so they don't know what funny is. Alright, so they think I'm like Alex Jones is like no bitch, I'm like Tim Dylan. Alright, so that's 158, that's too much. That's 127, that's too much. 119, that's too much. 100, alright good. How about the dot? We're going to add 37. Too much. We'll put in there. There you go. That's close enough. I always rinse out the bag of chicken before I throw it on the trash. So that it doesn't stick off the plates. Oh there's another chicken shrimp. Alright, so that's mine. We're going to add this. This is going to be a little way. Now, Kai, I don't know if he wants to have me do his ratios of peas and carrots and shit and rice. Or if he just wants to just grab whatever he wants. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to put his chicken on the plate first and then let him, this is mine, repaired about and I fucked it up by flipping it over. And it lost half of the sauce I put on it by flipping it over. All that work wasted with one mistake. All it takes is one mistake. I've learned that from vampire that if you could break a vampire and you've been running a city for like 400 years and then a one person does one thing that fucks up a plan you've had in place since the Truman administration. And you just were fucking snap and start ripping motherfuckers throw up. This came up so good. I can tell already Kai got hooked up. Here we go. I'm going to do as I'm going to. But if I'm going to be a real chef here, I'm going to play it for him. I'm not going to make him play it to the south. Now this is for flavor. This would be the perfect ratio of rice to peas and carrots to chicken. And I got a little bit fucked up a little bit in your back there. And this is for him. I fucked up a little bit there and a little bit there. But overall that looks pretty good. All right. So we're just going to eat our meal together and watch some of the offer. And we'll check in with you guys in a little bit. What are you doing? Not too bad. Let's get you set up. All right. I'll get straight to it. All right. I'll start with the purple. Let's get those claws a little bit sharper. Let's see. Now I know we can get more from the quad today. Reset them quickly. It's going to let it go more time. Remind me really quickly. What are the cues? You're thinking I'm to get the quad sensation. All right. Big toe down. External rotation. Then you drive towards the pinky. Let's go a little less only knee bent. Um. Imagine like you're not just driving towards the pinky, but also driving slightly forward. So she'll be like a diagonal ankle. All right. Is that better? Let's see. It's almost there. We're just missing that rectus femoris area. Um. When you're doing this right now, where are you feeling most of the tension? Let her apply knees. Okay. Pro means. Imagine. So, because I do this straight in your legs on all the way, not 100% but like say 90. And let's see if that shifts the pressure a little more into that like right. So. Getting there. Missing him. I didn't like yesterday. I'm really flat right now. Um. 81.7 a day. Do this. Let's go instead of the majority of the pressure is going out. I'm going to get you to the right. It's going to be a little more than the right part. Well, it's going to be a little more than the right part. It's going to be a little more than the right part. It's going to be a little more than the right part. And the right part. I'm going to put the majority of the pressure forward like in the, like if you're trying to slide your foot in the direction of the toes. Like extension. Think like almost like leg raise. Okay. That's getting there. That's going to be a little more than the right part. Now, we're going to get some of our reset. Let's see that a couple of times you get used to that. What we're going to do is you're going to have more like leg raise feeling. And then we're going to use more of the. Um, external rotation to actually get the. And like you're going to use the external rotation. In kind of in place of the pinky pressure. All right. Let's come up with a right then order like a sequence. So you go down hips back. Yep. Leg raise external rotation. Yes. Once we three four. Okay. Yep. Like it was a, an instrument or something. All right. So picking. Top other. Way better. Way better right there. Last thing I want you to do, bring your heels closer together. Beking the toes where they're at. Quarter turn to the right. Get that. Take a little tighter. And quarter time. Oh. So there's a little lower just a little bit right. And quarter time. Hold here. Give me a little more on the right. And you can get some more. Front up the box out. Is that better or is this better. Let me see if you're first going. That or this. There. It's six and one. I've just. If you're going to. That part. I do want to get that left quad fire. The state straight now. I'm going to the leg a little more. Let's let's actually try a 15 year hitch just a little bit less to the left. Yeah, a little more centered. It's also take your right foot, step back like an inch. Drop the heel down about halfway. A little lower with the heel. Fair. Now reset. Let's put it a couple more time. Let me see your side chest. Hold here. Just take one step to your right so I can be centered in front. Pretty happy with this one. Give me a little more on the hamstrings. Good. It's abs and thumb. Legs. Twist out of that right knee. One minute just a little more to get a little more from the left quad as well. There it is. Any classes post? Relax. I don't even look at these real quick links. You can see the legs and legs are going to be working. It's going to be that way. I've never liked doing it on a posing in the morning. I was always on that time pose as well. It was so easy last night. I'm probably just because you're not stiff. You're full of water. It's post workouts. You're all little bit up. I feel you look better in the morning. You're so you're in public. But practicing your endurance poses weighs your night. You're glad you're doing it. You don't have to squeeze this hard because you're full. Go back to the core training facing to your right. It's okay. How much of a least do you want? Do you want this? Or this? I want more actually actual rectus abdominus. Keep going. There are that for you. Hold that one. Let's see that like two more times. Relax one more time. Relax. Relax. Good. All right. It seems to me say, and my body already lets go. I think that's the signal. That happens a few times. I try not to, but sometimes as I'm watching, I'm like mentally saying, and then I'm like, I should. Let's play with your routine next. Do you want the music? Let's do your music. My 45. Yes. It's got a little light. Okay. Can I see your side tricep one more time? Just get that little bit extra activation on the midsection like we did in the side. Relax. It's almost there. A little less of Lee country than you do. A little more rectus abdominus again. There it is. That's what I'm looking for. Let's do that two times just to get that part down. A little more. There. One last time. A little more. A little more. Good. Relax. All right. Catch and rest for a quick second. The brogg high this is gone, but I want backwards by not doing it for two weeks. Yeah, I will be conditioned and expected, but it will come back way faster than you expect. All right. Play with your father's team rather music. Actually, the most only. All right. Let's see. This, which is what we have been doing and there's a dimple on the right scapula. Yep. And then there's that. Is the dimple gone? To a certain extent, pop your chest tall when you do happens. Ween back from the lower back harder. And then turn out your knees a little more. Let's do that a couple more times. If you can make that happen, the key is just lean back extra hard as you do it. Yeah. That better? Uh, let your elbows come back a little more. There. We set more more time. Yeah, I'm happy with that. Better than that? Go back to what you're doing before. I like that one more. Okay. Okay. Breathe for a second and then one more night. Okay. I need to say that. So we're losing all the thickness to get rid of the dimple rather than having a all that thickness in the dimples bigger on the right than the left. But, holy, when the elbows come back, I feel like we'll keep these some of that thickness there. Right. Wow. It's how I can, uh, the best of both worlds of that makes sense. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you, real quickly. I mean, we hit it. We hit everything the way we need to. One, two, three, four, five specialty poses. Right up the gate. Then we're doing side chest, side tricep, rear lat, rear chest. Hey, front, front, black. The only thing we don't have is front double-by and rear double-by. What if we zoom in the front double-by set right after the front lat? That's what I was thinking too. Yeah. I'm with that. The other option? Okay. What if we actually took the rear lat and swatched it out for your rear double? Because it's so much better and the rear lat sucks. Yeah. Yeah. Just picked a little better. And then we can turn, still go to the front lat's break because the same footwork. It just means that you drop your hands down your waist, turn to the front hand, hit the front lat's break. I'm trying that accent for my world quickly. Now the other thing is we still have time. So we could just throw in the extra two poses and we'll be at one, one, three. We could do that. The question is, do we want to keep the last bread in or would you rather swap it? It's up to you. So, pretend I'm not here and you're talking to someone else. How shitty is the real last bread? It's not terrible. It's not terrible. It's something that we could keep. It's something we could keep in. If you really want to, especially after memory, it's not sport. So it's something we could keep in if you really wanted to. I want to showcase. I don't want to have any meaty, meaty, meaty, meaty poses. They are the two. Let's switch it to back up. All right. For the again, it's not terrible, but it's not 80. Yeah, but all it takes is for that shop to be the one that's used. And it's just people be flaming it. If we don't give them ammunition, they can't shoot me with it. But must go with you. I still want to keep back up. So I can slow that shit down. down we worked swapped out one post and in two poses we can get light at the 90 second mark. Yeah if I slow it all down. Yeah I like that right there let's let's keep that going. All right before we finish up here can we really quickly ride on one condition round. We can do two condition rounds. Let's do it. All right. Sorry here from the x where we know 12 seconds. One two three right quad a little more external rotation five six seven eight nine chest all 10 11 12 quarter turn. One two three four five core six seven time that eight nine ten eleven twelve order try. One legs two drivers knees out three four right there five six seven eight nine ten eleven a little more hamstrings and quarter-shurder. One two three four five six one section seven eight nine ten eleven and twelve one two three four right quad five six a little more leg extension and there we go. Eight nine ten eleven twelve side chest one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve take a look at your back up. One two three four five six knees out eight nine ten a little more right hamstring eleven and twelve add and five. One two three four five six seven eight one two three four five six seven eight one more back in nine ten eleven twelve relax six seven six that four seconds left. That 20 seconds left here. All right, for all I'll see you in. One, two, right, quad, three. There it is. Five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, and four times. Five, six, seven, eight, and six, nine, ten, hold that eleven and twelve. Three, relax. One, two, right, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten. One, two, right, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, two back a little harder and quarter. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 5, and front of. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, and a little more back here. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, and a little more back here. 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, and a little more back here. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, and a little more. Rho 상 mer Yeah? 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 5 and 6. Class of pose. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. 8, 3, 4, 5 and 6. 8, 4, 5 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6, 6 and 6. 8, 6, 6 and 6. 8, 6, 6 and 6. 8, 6, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6, 6 and 6. 8, 6, 6 and 6. 8, 6, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6. 8, 6 and 6.

Hurry! You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit.ку shit… Oh, for your weakness, oh, for your duty, oh, for your weakness, you're the most you know. Oh, for your weakness, oh, for your weakness, you're the most you know. The power of the sacrifice, the need of the world to die, the need of the world to die. The power of the sacrifice, the need of the world to die. The power of the sacrifice, the need of the world to die. The power of the sacrifice, the need of the world to die. The power of the sacrifice, the need of the world to die. The power of the sacrifice, the need of the world to die. The power of the sacrifice, the need of the world to die. The power of the sacrifice, the need of the world to die. The need of the world to die. The power of the sacrifice, the need of the world to die. The power of the sacrifice, the need of the world to die. The power of the sacrifice, the need of the world to die. The power of the sacrifice, the need of the world to die. The power of the sacrifice, the need of the world to die. Yeah. I'm not a fighter, I'm a star, I'm a star, I'm a star, I'm a star, I'm a star. Yeah. Fuck this. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. So that completes the ion portion of the workout. This is in a d-load per se, but the six-ton one-off is a workout anymore now that I've been incorporate an air chimichyase plant. What four sets, three times a week for instance for quad's, was very doable before now it is not my right back, like my right lat, my right tricep, both quads. I've got overlapping soreness. Controlling the negative isn't the same thing as working the negative. So now that I'm working the negative, what was for us that's as hitting me like six. So rather than just reducing the volume and still training 60s a week, I'm gonna cut out my Thursday workout. So yesterday was Saturday. I skipped Saturday and today I almost skipped today but I wanted to shoot this content. So there's no set extenders. I'm almost resetting the logbook. Got the arm workout done. I've gotten incredible pump. Five out of five pump. Even though it was as impressive. Numbers wise, if I looked at my logbook, it looks like I went down. I felt it better because I'm, and I'm using just as much weight. So if I'm getting 12 concentric, and 12 eccentric, it's more than 19 concentric and effectively zero eccentric. Even though I was controlling it on the way down, I wasn't fighting it on the way down. Yeah, I only got seven reps, but I got a sick pump from him. Whereas before if I'm doing this, and then this, it's not the same thing as going up here, coming down, coming up here. Maybe it works better for you that way and maybe in a month or two, I'll go back to doing that. But this is what I'm doing today. Now we're gonna go into the legs. We're gonna be legs and I'm gonna be doing twice a week, or I'm three times a week. So instead of upper lower, upper lower, upper lower off, it's gonna go upper lower, off, upper lower, upper, upper, upper off. So I'm still getting about three times a week. I'm gonna move a little bit of biceps to my upper days. So I'm only gonna be getting triceps twice a week, as opposed to three times a week, but all of my pressing is still triceps. So instead of getting triceps, six times a week, I'll be getting triceps, five times a week. And because four sets of quads, three times a week, was too much, I'm gonna start with four sets twice a week, then I'll go to five sets, and if I can handle five sets of six sets, so six six twice a week is not as good as four sets three times a week, but if it allows me to have a rest day, it's worth it. So now I'm gonna go to my stretching and mobility, it's a whole nother workout. Jesus Christ, this can't get any rougher. Fuck, I count on this equipment. CHARGINER'S SNOW AHあれ! Stacey Tr każdates hypert falou I'm taking the Junkie pad. I actually have sore hamstrings for the first time like six months. I'm taking the Junkie pad. I'm taking the Junkie pad. Oh, it's not a big improvement but it's an improvement. It's nice to have sore hands here for once. The same now. We're at a back side of the team total wraps again, just in reverse. Last time it was seven times, this time it's seven times. Let's go. It's more to the percent of sore hands with infinity for right. For your fingers, for your fingers, for your fingers, for your fingers. You're the most you know. For your fingers, for your fingers, for your fingers. The moment you said it's a raise, we are the only times you've done. We didn't see you, though. Starting tomorrow tomorrow morning to work. All along the second day, I saw you. Until its night and by again soon. It won't show. You'll see there will be a year. All along the second day, I saw you. So deep yourself. killi It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. I forgot what I was doing until I halfway through the set. And then I was like, oh yeah, I'm just just to drive my hips forward. And then it was so much more quad. I have to go heavier. I've seen reps was too long. I was dying from this burning quad. I go heavier. I have a friend going to feel it in my knee and not my quad. It's this balancing act that I so sick of. I can't Turup pendant me. But I understand that I want your soul to explode. I know I'm right to know. I know So many times I want it and I want you to die. And I thought I was going to defy the first thing I said. Everything is? Ah! Ah! You're a pro! You're a pro, you're a pro! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Oh! That's sixteen both, Sat. By my count, I don't know if the table show. Which tells me this is way too light, but I've been defensive with my knees. Since this is a new technique, so I went up 25lb, 45lb, last week is 180, for 16, this week is 2, 2, 5, So next week will be 2, 70, because it's making sense. 135, I'll say, 2, 25lb, it was 2, 25. So next week will be 2, 70. I said, doing 3 sets of hamstrings, or 4 sets like here, and then all the quads, I'm going to go back and forth from that one. I'm going to do 2 sets of lying leg curl, 2 sets of a press, 2 sets of seated leg curl, 2 sets of leg extension. And then if I can tolerate that as I said out there, I'll do 5, and if I can tell that 5, I'll do 6, but legs twice a week, I think it will work better. I said the best result, I also added legs every 5 days, 5 sets, every 5 days, get the best results. When I went to twice a week, legs, that's when I got hurt. Then I went to 3 times a week, legs didn't see much improvement, so I think this will be a better way to do it. This is a really smooth leg curl. And what I found was by breaking it up, doing hamstrings quads, hamstrings quads, it's way more productive on the second exercise, which is common sense, but I'm not losing the pump like I thought I would. Oh, my hands are so blocked right now. I don't even remember what it felt like to have fucked hamstrings, but this is working so well. My Jojoffries didn't interview with Dave Tate, where he was saying that 4 sets twice a week is the absolute maximum he would program a body part. I was like the fuck, that ain't shit. I do like 9 sets 3 times a week for back, but my back sucks. So maybe 4 sets twice a week for hamstrings and quads as we were saying. I don't remember what it felt like to have fucked hamstrings, but I'm not losing the pump. I don't remember what it felt like to have fucked hamstrings, but I'm not losing the pump. I don't remember what it felt like to have fucked hamstrings, but I'm not losing the pump. I don't remember what it felt like to have fucked hamstrings, but I'm not losing the pump. I don't remember what it felt like to have fucked hamstrings, but I'm not losing the pump. I don't remember what it felt like to have fucked hamstrings, but I'm not losing the pump. I don't remember what it felt like to have fucked hamstrings, but I'm not losing the pump. Fight behind her, follow her Anotherron Pick up the shot. Oh, that's cool. All the hair out. Everywhere. Oh, that's cool. Oh, that's cool. Oh, that's cool. Oh, that's cool. Oh! Oh, that's cool. Oh, that's cool. Oh, that's cool. Oh, that's cool. Oh, that's cool. Oh, that's cool. I think it's not the best. I want to let you pass in the arms. I think rather than doing the superset shit to try to rush through it, I should probably go back and just take him at time and you try to survive. So if I set exercises, but usually here by the time I get here, unlike today, we're here earlier, and no one's here, so the supersettings these. Oh, that's cool. You squeeze it up, red them, and it's loading it up, and then you bite the negative all the way down and every rep, it makes a 20 rep set 7 reps, and you feel it better. It's just a bitch to log it, because it's so imperfect. And when you do log it, you're very disappointed a lot of this night. And it's just a bitch to go to the table, and then you're very disappointed a lot of this night. And then you're very disappointed a lot of this night. It's hard to stretch any shoes, but on the same notion, because they're softer souls, they don't slide. I feel like I put more thought into which shoes are the right shoes for every exercise, than most people put into their entire workout. It won't perfect for the hacksaw on the first set, because it's almost like it's too much of a heel elevation, because the semi-roller is a 3 inch heel, and these have a 3 inch heel, so like it was a 6 inch heel, which if you think about it, my heel's like, so it's like this. That's what my heel's doing, but I'm driving through my heel too, so I'm not just getting quads, I'm almost getting only quads, but it's just a little bit of contact with the heel, so that there's nothing on the table every other piece. We've done a part two legs, we've done arms, we've done legs, people don't understand that posing is a workout. They think it's just some gay ballet shit, and it is. It's even gay because you make it. But it's still hard to spot, and everybody will just leave the favorite part, so none of us are very good at it.

We're in! You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. We're theoretically, you could learn a bunch of cool shit. I'm really in a bad mood, I need to lift, because I can't talk right now to your next week. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Oh. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Oh. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh.

You're watching Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. Yeah, I was fat as fuck when you saw me last time. So I was like, how about I get shredded and canned before I go see now again? And I was like, I had a schedule. Good enough now to train with Nile with my shirt off. This last time I never felt that I was in the air. Now I'm better than you this time. No, I'm kind of doing this. What are you waiting for now? I'm going to let him eat some. I'll let him eat some. I'll let him eat some. One menu seven. Okay. So you're having it in the mean out. We switched. I was waiting for this morning. He did see it. Yeah. We're here in Ritter Circle gym right now, which is a good gym for me. So I have to earn a margin. I can also competitive and super awesome. How do you always have to earn? I can only have to earn. I can only have to earn. All right, it's cool. I don't think anything else on the DB that kind of money will be more or less a fight. They have a pendulum, a squat. It isn't crap, but I'll be clipping looks really good. Yeah. That's a good place. That's a good place. That's a good place. That was a good choice. That was a good choice. Thank you. How did it get? I'll shake it. Oh shit. Oh, how did you get? Yeah. How did it get? Look at her. I'm pretty sure. Not bad. Oh, can I try that one? You want to try it? Yeah. I don't know. Oh yeah. So this is the pre this is the intro. Since your mid workout just do both. There's slightly different. I already have the intro here. Okay. This one's 10 carbs. What's your sweet? Oh, that's how much? This one, they got like hydromax in this one. Hydro prime in this one. It's two different types of glitter all. Little less raw. So you get like 10 grams. That one's got 11 grams of citron. Yeah. And this one's got the BCAA. I'll give one to you. I'll give one to you. I'll be a little bit of my shaker too. This one just makes me all watery. Oh, the camera. I think that's the one's in there. Oh, shit. That's, uh, HCBD carbs. It's the only brand that this is all HCBD. I put a shifton of the A's in this. Oh shit. Yeah. It's like 400 more grams of citron. Right. Look at that. It's like a parallel A. Yeah. So it's got the glucos to sports for agents in it. Yeah. So that it drives the carbs out of the muscles. But I designed that one in 2014. It took me three years to come to market with it. So I've had it in production for about eight years now. So usually you do one scoop per every 100 pounds per hour. But I won't do that. I don't think so. I'd like it. Thank you. That's the one thing I didn't do is flavor them. There's no way that it's hard to go up higher than this. Yeah. We don't get a stretch out of this. It's really the lower. We don't land on. Yeah. Yeah. Now we're going to have to deal with some cool things. All of this can't be痛 so far. Like through a lot of stuff stay like that. I can't believe every thing that I said, I still have too many layers of the way I'm going to. It's really so easy, you really have to go back to them, see? I was really worried, I thought that would be good. Yeah. It feels good. I thought that all the way to lower last, too. I'm gonna get pumped. I like it. SUPER THEY BLOWM 10 volts four I think I was like, your shoulders are biased if you're fucking savage. Oh, okay. Oh, okay. I do get your knees or your legs. Raise your legs. How many pairs of your hips? Huh? How many pairs of your hips? How many pairs of your hips? Two. Two. They line up for us. Sure. I like the Dan bills for Anna versus. That's great. How's Teresa doing this? What do you want to do with the collar? Yeah. Do you want to do the single arm here? Where would you not know that? I would do this, probably. Also have you ever done single arm in this or she? No. Wait me that one at there? Me, uh, the high row. Well, because it's, um, I'm pronated grip. I won't hit my lap. Okay. I, I would do it like this, probably. Try like that. Or just that. Then I'll be here. Because I know you like to do it on the middle. But I can't stabilize for it. He's literally happy to do it right here. All right, cool. Do you want to use these handles? Do you want to use a D handle? Uh, let's do a neutral hand movement. There's a D handle right there. I think right? Oh, shit. She's happy? Definitely happy. Yeah. Right right left left so we get to be footprint. Uh, the time is great. Okay. Okay. Is it? You sure? Yeah. I want you on this pizzas. I know its' own. It's a typical Treatment Show-A pause voyage. I want you on this pizza! You are my cop, bitch, of yo-yo! Geta like beast N💌 I need 15 Volts for Astryn. I don't know what I'm not gonna do. I'm not gonna do it. Oh, yeah. You're gonna win the last one, like, the safety of the lads? I didn't have strength in my lads. I'm pretty now. I was like, you were so strong. I was like, oh my god. He's so much stronger than me in the last. I got a huge twice as strong. I don't have to do it like that. That's crazy, girl. I can't hit my leg. I could hit my leg. I could hit my leg. All right. It's over. Yeah. I can't hit my leg. Wow. I can't. Oh, my god. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. Woman loved by the living Mother Rexuel. Ohh. Yeah. Erma. shade red là You train fast. I usually rust like three months between such. Yeah. I don't want to risk two rows. You need to get the panata. Panata and new chuck. Those are my favorite brains. New chuck to share. I got to use new chuck at the Olympia. And I used it so funny. People like I like walk in with my gym bag. Put my straps on and did a whole workout. And like you know there's just like these. Oomphalopus and like this potato heads walking around. Eating like chili corn dogs. Like watching you're like you're like it's at this too. And you're like a bear or something like that in your habitat. You're like like lifting weights. I don't know if you're gonna be. Yeah. And it is like looking at you like you're the weirdest thing ever. And you're like. I actually belong here. This is this is the one place I do fit in. But I love the new chuck stuff man. And you text up to a while. Me too. I'm toasted right now. Okay. I thought it was just me that's tired. No. It's the proud pan. I've had 16 rice cakes today. Is that 160 grams of carbs? No. It's um. I'm going to go to 200 in uh 28. You call me stirs and sing. Reign the passing of spring. If you're the biggest of the sun. If you're the biggest of the sun. If you're the scorch of the smoke. If you're the greatest of the country. If you're the biggest of the country. If you're the scorch of the city. If you're the scorch of the city. Oh, you're like squeezing all the liquid on my. Just re-aid my. You know. You know. You know. You know. You know. You know. You know. You know. You know. You know. Seven good ones. Still too heavy. Mine's home. This is brand new machine. We're going to go test it out for him. We're breaking in a little bit. Paramount. By breaking in. I mean break it. We're going to brand and Wesley it. We have to do it. The Michigan monster. Brandon Wesley. He breaks every piece of the company. Touchers. Yeah. Holy shit. It looks complicated. This really is a board school shit. I got to know. You guys. More force on the shot. Right. Nice. It's a bit weak. It's a bit weak. What? Really? My body's so skinny. Yeah. I'm pretty sure that from me now. It's because I did bicep. Bicep goes first. But it's 12. And then they got too big. I only had biceps and chest on me. But then I stopped doing biceps for over 10 years. I just hit back. I tried just. So it's like bigger. But they didn't go a strong over curl. You know. Is that a lot of weight? No. I don't think you told me to. Yeah. I'm going to get them two biceps before. I wish you one at a time. That's totally different. One at a time. Look sexy. We're good old. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What do one kidney Arabic and say the other kidney Arabic? That one. What? One kidney Arabic. I'm going to use that bucket. Yeah. Wow. It's like a rock in the shower. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. magic I could make. I'm so close to the magic kingdom. I was inspired by the new Snow White. I look less fat. Dude you look. Wait, so you're out of the game? Yeah bro, you're out of the hurry of being pretty big. Oh shit. Maybe I'm just fat bro. I don't see it. That's a good one. Your shoulders are so bad. Your clapboard and your shoulders are so Admit my go. This one looks like the one Guo I had to redeem myself after the last video when I had like a 38 inch waste. You definitely did redeem yourself. Try to see how you do that if you're scared. I'm excited for it. You're very prepared. What show are you doing? I'm trying to make a campus. I'm going to throw a brush. I'm going to throw a brush. It's the one in September 27. It's the 25th. It's the 25th. It's the 25th. It's the 27th. There's the same Peter's pervert case, right when I throw a brush. Okay. I was going to do that one, but I think I was going to pull out. I'll be in it for too long. But we'll see you maybe I'll have the mood for it. All right, buddy. All right, come on. I'm so excited.

You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. Okay, what is your the big stretch guys you never stretch because your every rough is a stretch. It's like a little if I were to stretch with you beforehand then it would be a disingenuous to my brand. I literally like I make a whole point that I'm like I literally don't stretch so I use my training to as a basically hyper mobility like almost weighted partner stretch every single rep and you'll see what I mean. That's why my body feels so good because my training is like a way to beat myself up. It's a way to grow in a way that I'm actually creating those stretch adaptations as I train the way I explain to everyone. Is that the reason why you're the one in the world I want to dream of with anyone else. It's because you're the only big guy who uses optimal training who does the slow eccentric the deep stretches you prove the skinny scientists right and you prove all the meat heads wrong. You can still grow muscle doing it the smart way. All right, well ready. Well, that no fucking hit some legs. All right, cool. This is most mobility I do for a legs that our leg session is just in the beginning and then obviously from there everything is just every rep is that kind of therapeutic idea of okay. How can I maximize stimulus all minimizing obviously the joint stress and then also using every single rep is an opportunity to continue to hyper mobility. So I'm going to use the slight heal elevation here. I usually have a wedge. I don't have one of this Tim's. I just have foam roller when I'm here and for my mobility is also got on the squat also have a lot of shoes and then I've got yoga blocks underneath the lower back. These two things one is put me more horizontal so you can see I'm almost if you were to draw a line for my shoulders to my hips. I'm pretty much. Poor as I'm all to the ground like basically parallel to the ground so that's going to allow me to take a lot of pressure off the lower back. So as I descend here and pull my butt down using these if I'm up here in a pinch for I'm not going to be able to get the same range of motion and you're basically collapsing here and creating a very severe angle. So your hips better be hyper fucking mobile because you're going to start taking a lot of strain the lower back. So what I've done is put myself more here so I can get that kind of heal to butt without having to. I'm not worried about a lot of that pressure going my lower back so here I just start here with the mobility set. And like I'm able to start with three three's about a sweet spot for me and my size because I need enough that. I'm able to get like have it almost push me down whereas if it's like two it feels nice but it's not really enough to get me down to that deep range. I let the knees track slightly out but you can see how comfortable I am here even like just at the beginning of the session like I have no problem like pushing this leg out with three plates on there. Like opening up the hips the adopters because you have to think all the stuff ties in together so if your hips are tight it's going to pull or your or your adopters here are tight you're going to start tugging here all the way through to your lower back and it's going to start to lift off. So what I would say is you know get really comfy here you can use I like to use my forums to kind of like give myself that little bit of kind of support and then also allows me to kind of push the knees out almost like a butterfly stretch. So right now I'm mobilizing my quads I'm mobilizing my. I'm mobilizing my hips my glutes even so when I push out here realistically especially if I push one in I'm going to mobilize all the way through that kind of lower glute. I mean and then as I push lower here you can see every single like 10 seconds I'm able to kind of get that heel closer to the butt and that's that's the end game right if I can get that heel pretty much down to my butt without lifting off. That's I'm basically getting this angle to zero and that's going to make from a torque perspective or from an external force perspective that weight that three plates. At this angle of knee flexion is probably synonymous to six or seven at like let's say 90 degree knee flexion so like what we would like normally see. A pro body will like a Ronnie Coleman sound like press where they're coming down the seats higher and then they're only coming down to about 90 degree knees. The amount of force that is required to get out of this bottom position is about twice as much because you know I've done that range of motion for a lot of years and done this range of motion I can tell you it's a whole different ball game in terms of how it feels in terms of the amount of force production that's required so. I'll sit down here for a good like be at in my session like two or three minutes is opening up everything feeling like really comfortable and then what that allows me to do is just kind of hop into my one more like kind of lead in set and then right into work to hard working sets and then we move on and then from there the rest of the workout. feels so open up we can go right into whatever you want hacksquat a super squat a pendulum Bulgarian and I don't have to worry about okay now I have to do three warm upsets here because I just beat the hell on myself at 90 degree reps on the leg press so I feel even tighter than I did when I walked in we want to feel like every single set beyond these first couple working sets everything feels very. I'm just going to do some moves and lubricated and actually that those the like press that's not being kind of therapeutic in a sense so I always warm up with leg extensions to create sauce my cloth I noticed you didn't mention those you not do leg extensions. I do them later in the workout I treat my leg extensions as a very hard working exercise for my quads I think they're very hyper trophy in the sense of I instead of having to load let's say. with like a really heavy pendulum or a hacksquat which are great but you're going to get a lot of gluten volumint and I'm trying to avoid whereas you know with quacks and you get loaded you can stretch it we're going to add pads to it and so if you use it as a. pre-exhaust what I find is you're using it as a warm up whereas it's such a good growth tool that I don't want to think of it as a like let's say warm up or throw exercise I want to use it as a. I'm doing like like work. I'm doing like drop sets and I'm not just. So what I find is this mobilizes better and what we know is obviously. Of course the. So if I were to go and kind of crush myself with something that's I find a little bit easier on the CNS later in the workout then I can come I can make sure that I can maximize load here to then. I'm going to do probably at least 80 or 90% of what I would be able to do first thing in the lab notice that too that I can if I do 25 reps with 150 pounds one leg first I can still get it 22 reps and 150 pounds last correct. So my whereas I think the leg press you'd really you need to have a really suffer in terms of like your ability to top drive top and load. So you just sit down I want to put this a little lower to the bottom so sit on there need them. Yeah, so sit all the way down on the on the seat yeah. And then you kind of want to roll so that that's so I would the pads a little lower for you then like oh I want to like kind of right above. You're like upper glue like kind of right there and another would to match it there you go a little more. There is right there now fucking lie over here so once lays you back like that. And then I want to go I don't know if I'm going up we'll see. We just just push it up and then we'll rack it down one there you go now down a little bit there you go. Share back and then let's set this right back here and then as we continue to mobilize obviously the lower back will kind of start to like stay down a little bit more but they see how with the blocks doesn't feel like you're like. Stringing is much on the lower back. So I want you to do is when you reset it at the top so push back up and then I want you to pull your butt down with your hands like with handles. There is a lot lock in there. Use it to lock in and try to pull the keep the butt down a little more. Just when plates heavy when you do it like that. Oh go like one more like lead in set which this set is going to be a little less of a pause. That's perfect. See what I see is you see I kind of lock in here as I descend I try to almost like crunch core and then I just try to like let those knees track the slightly outside of armpits and then I walk back at the bottom to really get that like. Knee over to crazy stretch feel so see what I mean. Grace crunch down pulling myself down here pull pull pull pull pull and then as I get towards the bottom I pull chest open. Wow that's so flexible. And then here to self-seem up. See a lock lock lock lock lock. Pull, self-seem up. Drive out. That's a good one more so one more good lead in set. We've tried to play through. Lower is not getting greedy if nothing else. Now that's the stimulus even if I under train it is still going to work. I'd say if I were working sets will be maybe 2 and a quarter. So this is one more like lead in set just to get really comfortable with the movement. Everything up so we want this here. Now we want this here especially lower for you so I have mine about here. Alright but for you like right about that. And then set all the way down. That's nice. Yep slow is under pull, fucking down hard. Pull down hard hard. There you go. It's far too. Nice. Block in pull. Nice. You're going to get even more quad. You keep those knees a little tighter. You can do these a little tighter. Like right to like armpit. You see where my landed on me? Yes yes yes yes yes you're going to see how you get that crazy quad stretch. There it is. One or two more just like that. Right there right there. Good. Nice. That's it. Let's go. Stretch stretch stretch. And out that's it. Money. Oh terrific. So I got to keep my big toe down if I want my lateral quad so flutter. Yeah I figured that out. And also just like you have to think the more you're here and the knees flare you're going to get more. Okay. More of that's what's that tie and right here. Gluten and doctors. Horace you can keep it. Just right outside armpits. You're still going to get that's why my fucking doctors look the way they do. You're still going to get some but we get a lot more. Which is the goal is sweet. Right sweet breakfast. That was good set. I think that was pretty much failure on that last wrap. That was pretty close. How do you two play it's fine good for you? That was hard. It's humiliating but hard. Yeah that was definitely a work set for me. That was not a warm up set. Great. That was funny, went. That was crazy. Good. Music Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Awesome. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. Huh. Huh. Somewhere on there. Yeah. Yeah. So next set we're going to do a little horse force. Oh, shit. Oh, shit. Yeah. Seven plates. So I have knee wraps. You ever use those? Or not like this. Rough, not in a real. I like these. It's a compression. One might have no knee pain in whatsoever. So I use these as almost like his to keep. And slight compression. Whereas I never use rafs or anything. It's because like you see that's like nice heavy. But for me that weights still so controllable. But I don't feel like oh shit, I need a crazy amount of compression. Realistically, that's everybody's 90 degree knee flex. I get stack out here. And then all the way, you know, five, 12, 13 plates. But then decelerating a 90 and then like piston type reps. That's where my knee is. I need those crazy raps because you see how the cadence, too is a big portion of that. People are like, well, why do you do a foot so no you're going to pause this. It decelerates the weight. So fully, you have to think from a physics perspective how much less force. It's a mass time acceleration. So 5 decelerating itself 7 plates on a 6 sec. The eccentric, you amount of force to the bottom of the wrap is much less in terms of that deceleration that I need. And it's a function. Well, you're questioning it. Think about 15, 20 reps of 15 plates. How much force at the deceleration point has produced. So that's why I focus less on the weight. And that's why even at that set, I could take these knee raps off. It makes zero difference. Should you three or should I do two? I said you two, you're pretty much like close the failure to two. Yeah, I was about one rep in reserve. So, knees just outside of, or in pitch right there. Yeah, student, plife feel brutal, right? I'm good with it. Getting those heels almost touching that butt. Yes. That was going to help you out of that. Very loud. Very loud. Very loud. That's really nice. That's really nice. That's really good. You can feel that. It's like, it's like, that's all that I've heard of. See the little, little out. Go ahead and wrap. That's really nice. That's really nice. That's really nice. Yeah, dude. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. That was all the quad and no glue. There, maybe. Yeah, I'm actually going to do just like, and show you that I can do it too. I'm going to drop down to six. And I'm going to play with that super little placement as well. This I can show the viewer is just how you can actually make the weight even heavier on your quad. Just by flow placement and using this as well. Just because the biggest problem with most people when they drop the feet too low, is the heel sucks to severely lift. But if you have somebody this or a squat wedge, right? You can put on your heels. You know how that problem, right? You don't feel like your heels will hurt. The whole reason why don't you do the leg pressure. The ass wanting more is because I never figured out how to use the wedge. Yeah. I've been doing about squat or power squat. Yeah, because I can use the wedge. And these don't look like it, but I turn these into squat shoes. Yeah. I took the the solos out of those. Put them in here and put versus wedge in these. Okay. Yeah. Now, I have an extra two sets of versus the pitch. But I knew that with this we'd have enough. I got the pickies off of this one. So you guys can see how it's stimulus is going to be. So the closer up it goes to the steepness. Correct. So this is where I'm going to get you already see at this and this like that. That is from placement. That's the opposite. Okay. That looks like what comfortable. That's how I kind of push right into here. Okay. But I was higher up for my first time. But I wanted to show you guys like this is probably your feel harder. That's six and seven day with my feet higher up. Right. That's why I will get a lot of guys. So we're fucking like pressing up. I used to do that with 13. Right. Now I do this with my last. Now I'm going to use this cap. I'm going to buy a half a foam roller and you get with me. Also, I do a leg for the almost like small these. It's a wedge and it's foam. So it doesn't slide at all. Okay. Cool. That's a classic or metal one. That's a funny deal flying. I take my own equipment for the gym all the time. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's a great set. That's a great set. I think that's easier because more of my foot was in good place. I was fighting up here. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Whoa! Holy shazik! Oh shaz san il Oh shaz Heye What? Ah can I No oh no Oh no Oh no So on the second of the last set, it's 25 pounds of forage on the last set. It was about 60, 70 pounds of forage. That's a wrap last replica, 60, 70 pounds of forage. In terms of the assistance? Yeah. I'll take every pound of it. I'm also not a big tracking guy, I'm a big stainless guy. Just because I know, for example, that six plates fell harder than a seven with my feet three inches lower. Right. So if I'm tracking, then I'm like, oh, I'll falcon me a week or really made. You just take yourself out and on the right side. So what I do is once I have, once I introduce the next size into a block, I do not change the variant on that. Yeah. The whole eight or twelve weeks. That makes sense. When I rotate it back in, I'll adjust it then. But like, even some of those, even though the full plate didn't have anything the same, when I queued you in and I had you controlled it and I gave it more and they said exploding on the bottom at that point. Excellent. I put a plus and I put it. So only like if it's eight plus seven or eight plus four plus eight. I only count that eight when I go. So what do I have to be? Oh, yeah. The extra stuff's just extra. So I'm going to keep that tempo consistent and then how you drive, how the bottom rep. So I will say, for example, for me to drive, even with a good negative eccentric. From here, this, even though I get same eccentric control and then I go fear, it's completely different route. Right. So if it's not smooth, I don't track. Yeah. And this is a finesse move. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, think on the kick. Yeah. Yeah. Johnny. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, look at. I heard you hit the chest. That's the Superman. The show will win the game. I'm out. Oh, I'm out. Alright. They pass. I can go deeper. If you can go deeper, you can go to the room. She won nice control. That's it right there. That's slow. He said it's slow. Slow. Slow. Slow it. They pass. I'm going to tell you one. Two. Two more and three. They got them on. Ah, come on, come on. Come on. Came to play today. Let's go game fucking time. Let's go. Pause it. I'll tell you one two. Two, one. Out. Drive. Drive. Drive. Drive. Drive. Drive. Drive. It's all the same. Call of the set. They got 7 plus 3. Yeah man. That's all I counted. Terrific. How'd you like those? That was great. Well, I said they come scare and they leave satisfied. You said it's accurate. I was worried about cardio vascular work. It's you and it wouldn't hurt me. I know I wouldn't get a damage ginger plot entry or knee injury. I just thought I'd be throwing up. Ah, sorry, this one real quick. What I like to do is add these for more range of motion even though the remains are most on this mayhem is fucking terrific. So I do as we're out this around the bottom. I find my way in. Weird. I know dude. So I find my way in. Let's get the piggy's out again for these. So you can see the stimulus. So I find here. Get nice and balanced. Make sure the pads even. So see how it's almost wrapped around the edge. Yeah. Then I'm going to lie all the way back. You see how much stretch I already have. Okay. Bye being here. And then like kick out. Yeah. Oh a bodEST thing to count it so. Mm. wow. Mm. Oh fuck, that's a lot of weight. That's why I make that little shorter. It's here. Then you're going to basically find your way over it first. Yeah, I'll let it under first. There you go. And then keep it low. And then it's like fall over it. Yeah, pull butt down. There it is. There it is. There you go. You got it. Three. So, so, so, so. Just put put put put put. Yeah, two parts. Two parts with half. Stretch. Control all this stretch. Push. I see keep that butt down. So, you can always appear. Two hips. I don't know why I'm that easy to do. I don't know. Push out. Put one more. Good. I probably should use one pad. Huh? I probably should use one pad. Yeah. Because I don't have enough, I think, to. For, well, that's not my way. It's just how you use a shit ton of like pulling on these handles. Like, I'm probably pulling now, they're good like. Like a two or three other parts. Yeah, you got nothing.jay. Push out your side. Cho. Woo. Nice. Ah. I was your daddy. Let's go to my car. Not a, oh yeah, seven sets total. I still want to touch channels because it's a week point for me today. But what I've been doing is touching hands drinks three times a week. I'll do a little bit on my pole day. A little bit on my quad focus like this. And then I'll do a lot on my posterior focus like this. So like how my posterior focus like it I'll do. Some sort of like deficit RdL or GHVanage HD hamstring bias. And then like a seated stretch by a hamstring curl. My second day I'll do the stretch by a hamstring curl. Heavy for like two to three sets on my back day. And then on my pole day and then today I'll do lying hamps for two heartsets. Solce touch them three times a week but not with a crazy amount of volume. I just want to get more frequency because if I hit them so hard that they're not recovered. But if I'm hitting them close to every two to three days, max almost max two days then I'll fuck myself over a pile. I go up or lower up or lower up or lower up or lower up. So I have three sets of leg curls. Three sets of leg extension, two sets of a press every forty-eight hours. So I end up getting nine sets of hamstrings, fifteen sets of quads. That's what it's all about like human volume but I just think that the volume like face on the way as research is better split than trying to fucking right. Of cool. The mall is yourself in one go. First sets are always your best set. So do you have three first sets of weeks? It's better than getting one first set or two first sets. It's the best flying hamstring car we were used up. What's up, bro? It's the best flying hamstring car we were used up. Okay. Okay, okay. Thank you. Oh, dude, see if I'm trunks are all the way up as ass. Oh, that's your remote. Yeah, that's your towel bro. Yeah, bro, I'm not training hard because I'm not sweating like that. Should there's a matter if it's off the edge around the edge? Oh, I like it slightly off the spare leg, yeah. Right there. Yeah, we're going to have a nice match. It's going to be a full countdown down to three, four, even so a full puff in the sole. It's a total good hamstring. It's a quick pause and such and they can surge it. That's what's better. You get so much more stimulus to the hamstring pause. And then full just hamstring. That's better. Yeah, trying to take less explosive, more pull with the heels. Good. Now, so it's getting that slow. Slow back to the top. So it's getting slower. Slower. Slower, pause and stretch. Three, two, one, pull. Good. Slower, slower, slower, slower, one more like that. Good. One more big pull. Pull that slower. Slower, slower, slower, hold it like that. Hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, three, two, one more. Yes. I get to see your hamstring. When you had controlled the eccentric, you'd sit in pause and then you'd pull. It was so much better when you were just talking to shoot no more. So the range of motion was the same. It was just how much you were locked into the movement. So I'm actually going to go a little lighter too because I finally got to get a little explosive too. But you'll see here, watch how much I'm actually. Okay, I see how you got it now. So here, so you see this, almost trained toes in, block and the pulling with just hamstring. Ooh. Ooh. I think it's just so, I got it. Three, two, one. Three, two, one big push. One more. Three, two, one, four. Three, two, one, four. Three, two, one, four. Just here in a slow spot. That's it. There's a difference between going down slow and controlling the eccentric through the target muscle, the big difference. Because then it almost becomes a passive tension, also almost active, basically resistance. So you're really kind of like still contracting on the way down through this releasing with that target muscle. Slow, slow. You're pulled up here, so you can slow it down, slow it down, slow it down. Slow it down, slow it down, slow it down, slow it down, slow it down. That's how far that's how far. One, two, I got it. Three, and then hold on the four, one. Hold it, hold it, three, two, one. He's a fucking weird. Let's go, come more than half. Two more, two more, half. You go more half. So yeah, I have a feeling I can slow it down. I was a pro talking rock. How does this thing go? It's good, sure. We're about to have it, shall we treat cats? Yeah, so I'll just show you a really good lighting over here. Then I say ideally, you can either find sets of really fast, slow, short rest time, like 30 second. It was my own sets of like, cd-cafering this, or like, if a place has it, I'll do the outstanding cap phrase. They're stiff like, but I would use this, this actually set up actually really good for the hack. I got to put like five plus plates on it to make it worth my time. So like stacking on 10 plates, it just makes it just like, is really worth my time. So what I usually do is a seated cap, like, do you want to eat two plates on your side? Like, my house sets is super short rest times. Like, 30 seconds, so I'll get like, fine. 12, 8 to 12 on the first set, whichever field. Yes, truck on the seated, or just fill it. Um, just spend on my flight. So I never a problem with feeling my whole cap on the seat. I know I'm basically like, oh, you can't fucking grow your caps on the seat as well as standing, but I find that standing, the limiter tends to be sometimes just that like, but see, give like, actually a load of actual loading. By the best best best, you have a leg press that doesn't have those middle bars. Because it's a unilateral leg press. So it's got all those bars in them, really. You can't do cap phrase on it. I like the dog you can, the dog you can, the dog you can, the dog you can, the best. You've got it. But I have to load, I have to do the stack. Plus I have to load four or five plates on the donkey shaft to get enough. Right. But yeah, I'll show you the crazy winners lighting over here. So this is good lighting, huh? This is the winners. Uh-oh. How'd you like to work out overall? It's fucking amazing. Yeah, you know what I mean? What I'll say about somebody like Todd is that even at his level with the amount of training he's done, the open mine in this to train with me and learn something new. Because I'm always like that. If I go to me with honey or with, let's say, you know, Derek or other people, I'm never like, oh, I know best. I go into it with open mine. I might not take every single thing that this person does and just do it for Baito. I might take one or two things like honey, him and I see very differently on a lot of things in terms of intensifiers and the amount of sets and the amount of reps. And like forced contraction phase, partials like that stuff. I don't really strive to but there's so many things that I got from his session. I was like, oh, this is cool. I want to incorporate this. So I think that type of open mine is this even at our level is what separates people from, like, good and great because if you think you know it all. Because I've met guys that are at a way lower level than you at terms of knowledge base. And they're so like, I don't know, that's, I don't do it like that or I don't like, I wouldn't train like that or like, you know, that's way too slow or, you know, stuff like that. And I think that if you, I always tell people don't take my training and think you should do it for Baito. Because you probably not really love it as much as I do, but I've come to love it. Whereas if you were to do a six second eccentric on a leg press every single time or train exactly like me every time, you might actually not enjoy it, which then would be a dead-trained to your progress because you're not looking for to come into the gym. But if you're like, okay, you used to be a no-control guy and you just take that one cue of like slight pause and stretch and it concerted, drive instead of explode. You just take that one cue and you're like, oh, that's, I can still train the way I like. And just do that one thing that Eric showed me, that's all that, that's gold to me because now you're still doing what you like. You're still loving showing up to the gym and you just take that one cue or it's something is helping you alleviate some elbow pain or knee pain. Whatever that is, whatever that one little thing is, that's what makes the world a difference to me. So don't think you have to train exactly like this. Just take one or two things that I showed in this video and start to incorporate in your training and you might find it. It's really useful for you and if it's not, then don't use it. So it's just a matter of kicking and choosing what works for you in a long term. The biggest difference from what I expected was it wasn't cardio-casually hard because I usually train really high reps with legs and I don't know if that's the key of cardio-masks. So I go heavy weights hurts my knees. So I have to go one. And with this, you're going to do the muscles before it goes slow and we were using those pads to change the moment arm and the torque. It made it so much harder with lighter weights which is your own joints, harder on the muscles. Correct. Which is the whole point. You're young and you're training like an old dude, which means that you will never have a whole due joints. That's why I can run around my kids. We want to go outside and run some sprint right now. I'd be totally fine to do so or jump. Do some box jumps.

We're here at ZooCulture with Eric Juicky and if you watch us today's video, we'll be doing lower body today. We're doing upper body. What we do today? We're going to push today boys and girls. Welcome to the welcome to the jungle. You'll probably see some craziness outside of our workout today. We're going to be locked in as much as we can, but we're going to be doing push. So chest, chest, chest, shoulders. I like to push the put these on one day. So I kind of do a modified PPL split. But I find that hitting things with more frequency size to do like just like a chest day. More of like a traditional bro split. But what I found is lowering the volume by muscle group. And then hitting it more frequently has been way more efficient for me. So we're only going to do three movement patterns. We're chest to move in patterns. We're price ups. We're going to focus on lateral head of the delt today. So we'll probably do one. Maybe I'll show my second movement pattern. But the other day, we're raising our upright rowing for a lot of our heads. So if there's only so much you can do, I just am going to show him my favorite movement pattern for that specific muscle group. So first we're going to do is hop into a Hectic fly. It's like one I really like, open with and no pun intended because it really opens up that tissue for me. I used a little one set. As a stretch up similar to what we did with the leg press yesterday. So I actually already did mine, but I'll show you some of the cues I use and you guys as well. So what I have here is I put this arsenal all the way back. So it would seem like, oh my god, why would you need it that far back? But what I do is I let it almost provide that partner stretch. The biggest thing I want to see is this a lot of people will fly like this. And you see how that pushes all the emphasis into the front delt and bicep. So I want to think the first thing I want to do is posture up. I want to push chest up, drop shoulder blades, retract, scape. And I like to cue this almost like by a time you will look up at the ceiling because it's kind of hard to drop your chest. And do it like this when you're looking up, they almost cues that up. And then I want to think when I'm pushing out from the back of the lips, I want to lead with almost the bottom of the palm of my hand. And thinking I'm pushing forward through my elbow. So I'm not going like this when people I see people do a lot is this. But they want to squeeze like I'm going to squeeze my chest. You see how the clothes is off my chest when I go like this. So I'm a lot of people fly here trying to get that contraction. So you want to think, oh I want to squeeze the hell out of my chest. So right, I'm right here. You're not going to be there. You're not going to get any chest. What I want to see is opening up, reaching. Fishing through that outside of the palms of the hands. And you see I keep that chest nice and open up. And I don't roll over it. I don't want to roll the shoulders over it. So I want to get back into that stretch position, reaching back. And then I want to push the palms of the hands out. Just as far as I can go without pushing shoulders over the lower part. And because then in a day, when you go here, it's just performative. Also, I would suggest against holding in the middle of your wrap. Once those fibers cross, there's really no benefit in terms of hypertrophic stimulus. Because really what we want to think about is maximizing mechanical tension. So we're here and we're driving out. Once you get to here and you're just squeezing it, those isometric holds in that contractive position. Aren't going to probably need growth. All they're going to do is tax you and this allowed you from probably getting that extra two or three reps the end of your set. Which would actually be growth promoting. So if you're going to pause anywhere, pause it and stretch before thinking, concerted drive, I don't want to explode and use that stretch. True effects. I want to sink into it. Get comfortable there. And I want to think leading with the palms of hands elbows. And keeping that chest nice and proud. And we want to be here. What is here. You want to think I was teach people a good little like trick. If you've ever seen an NFL game college football game, you see when the O'Liman I played the end. So how to go against a lot of O'Liman. But what they'll do is they'll set. And instead of pushing like this, they'll set here. They'll kick, kick, and they'll push here. So you want to think you're almost blocking like an O'Liman. You want to think chest open and pushing here. And what that does is when I'm rushing them, and I'm coming at them, if they come here, I am able basically manipulate them and get around them. Whereas if they're here and they're back and they're creating that space, it's harder for me to make that move and get around them. So think about it. You're pressing like an O'Liman with block. You're not throwing, but you're kind of getting nice scap or attraction and pushing through. You're going to apply that to your presses and your flies and we'll do that today. Alright, you're going to do that up. So yeah, let's go here on a stretch set. Let's play it safe on there. That's not heavy. Alright, that's nice. So I really want to see way more eccentric control. The other thing I want to see is a slight O'Liman and drop the shoulders. Because when you go here, it's going to push all that and the butt stretch into the butt set. So yeah, it doesn't have to be crazy O'Liman, but this is a hundred and seventy degrees. So this is 180, this is about one. 165, 160, play about there. It's perfect. Good, that's nice. You see how it doesn't come all the way in. Because really to come all the way in in the middle, you really have to roll the shoulders over it. So that's pretty much as far as you go. So what I want to see is you can get the contraction, but don't waste time there's slow the negative down. So instead of taking, let's say the whole wrap is taking you five seconds. I don't want to see one of that in the contracts. I want to see four of that in that eccentric face in the stretch. And then right back into the center. There you go. Good, I'm from how you play with one thing to go. I want you to drop your hands all the way to the bottom of the handles. So what I'm seeing is you get a little shruggy. I want to see you drop down it in. I'm really arched that. That over-exceptly back my arch. I don't want you to keep it all there. See that difference? Look at this fucking chest difference. Just run that one thing dropping his hands because now he's not shrugging up towards the ears at all. And you can see the chest completely open up here and now he's pushing consciously with chest completely different ballgame now. Yep. And we'll take it there. Yeah, you feel like difference when you kind of got on top of it. And if you're a low, we should have realistically different seed heights. Right. Just being different height individuals. Right. So my seat height should be slightly lower. And the other way. I'm going to raise it up to you with three dots. Yeah. So I even like to be a little higher than I was. I'll probably be here and you'll probably be like one up from here and one or two. I also have like very long legs and short torso. So you might not be that drastically different. So for someone like me who is prioritizing chest. You would still do this. Because I normally do back chest dealt and the next day's arms and legs. So I normally do only process for chest because I still want to try steps primarily. And then all close grips. You would still have me incorporate this pre chest process. Well, yes. I mean, looking here physique. I think I'm posing with the yesterday. Yeah. I think a big priority is going to be obviously lots. But still chest as well. I think your arms, your delts are crazy. Dominic. It's just, it's what I was going to look for today to see how much you take over in your press and your eyes with delts just because they are dominant over your chest. And then I want to do a couple like super isolated tries. I think this is your bias at over try step dominant. Interesting. And I don't think that you should think about it as okay. Let me get a ton of tries for my presses. You should think anything in the opposite. Let me get as much chest from my presses. And then let's save a little of my tank to go and hit isolate, try steps and like kill the fuck out of a with a movement. That's not taxing over your chest at all because we're completely locked in. All right. So I'll start putting in flies on my chest. Another thing I want you to think about. A lot of people think about flies as like, oh, like I'm going to get, oh, it's a pump movement. Right? Like I'll do my presses. I'll use my flies to get that like detail. So such a fucking thing is detail work. You're either fucking building muscle. You're not building muscle. There's also a thing is like refinement work or like I'm adding that little like detail on my upper chest. Like that's it. You're creating stimulus to build muscle and you're leaning enough to see it or you're not. So if you're going to come in here and do some pump reps, you're literally just you're burning some calories. Be a might as well go to fucking berries, boot camp, and hop on the treadmill. So that's the idea I want to give you guys. Never treat an exercise like a pump exercise that's not a thing. Like just to get blood flow, wake up and do some pushups in the morning or jerk off. Like I don't like that you want to get some blood flow. But if you want to come in here and train, don't treat any movement. A quad extension, a cable fly as like a, oh, I'm going to get, I'm just going to get some squeezes on this one guys. And if you, if you're going to be able to take the 10 pound plate and goes like this. Sorry, Phil Heath, but you're not doing shit for shit. And you're wasting your time. So I'll show you like what I, I, I, I, I, I, I like to start with a fly because Obviously, if you can do create an elbow angle correctly, I'm going to create a very minimal by summer tea. I'm going to get as minimal front, out the moment you're always getting a summer front moment of fly. But now I'm not taxing my triceps at all. So I'm getting almost all chest. It also saves my tricep endurance for when I really want to kill them later in the workout. So see what I mean by this set. So I'm going to hit probably seven nine reps probably on my own with the stack here. And then I'll probably have you do one or two four reps. It's like out here. But you see even with the stack, my form is not changed. But I've got a lot of good habits. And I've got a lot of good habits. And I've got a lot of bad habits. So I'm going to get a lot of good habits. I've got a lot of bad habits. So I'm going to have you do one thing. His Sun SixTeam I'm going to my right now by keeping myself here and then thinking conscious drive with the chest not rolling the shoulder over here all that stays right in the chest. You can see that line right there. I'm going to grab a little bit of stress. What? Ooh! Oh my god. I got it. Scared me at the end of it. Alright, see you on. I've been using this for so many times. I know I'll have about an inch from full stretcher where I can put it down. I can put it down. So I wouldn't recommend doing that. What I'm doing is I go from here and then I just roll it back. On my palms, I know it's a little bit that far away. Not something I recommend for you guys to do. Put it down one at a time. Just rock down. Down. I push the butt out just to hair. I'm really over your side. Not too much. Just back a bit. Right there. To lead out the bottom of the palms at hands. And then pushing elbows to the opposite wall. That's right there. Pause and stretch. Feel that stretch. And then then push conscious chest. That's it. See how it's not explosive. It's just fucking finding it. Push it. That's it right there. Put it at a difference. Come on. I want you to take the b-roll. And show the difference of these versus when you first set up the first first rep. And that first warm-up set you'll see the distinct difference. And how much that chest is firing. Good. You're coming up. Just a hop. Just hold it there. Just hold it back. Just hold it there. There. Just a little. You know, I think this is all. Nice. There's crazy. Look at chest, my body. Again, how few of them I would normally go. I don't want to be doing 15-20 reps. But what's that like 10-12? That's why I was, I was, I don't know. I mean, I don't really ask to do it. I really don't count reps ever. I just track intensity. If I know that. Yes. I'll track. Especially if I'm in a deficit in prep. I'll start to take note of, okay, if I'm doing the stack. It's all the same. So it's feeling heavy as shit. Then I'm going to take note of that. And just, you know, give that biofeedback to column. So we understand, okay, strength is going down a bit. You know, we're getting a little flat. We need a little high day in there. So gym performance is one of our metrics we track. Because I think if you only go off weight like we talked about, if I was a Q and you would go a little faster, you might have gotten five, six, eight more reps at the same weight without doing this like, like, exact form. And you might conflate that to be, oh, gym performance actually going up. But it might just be that you're just doing the reps slightly differently. And it's just like, it's so slight. Like, even pausing and stretch for a half second, we'll probably take a rep off. A rep that you're off. That's why I don't recommend it for most. But not even lifting for 20 years. 20, 30 years. That's what I just made. But I've got my lifting system 11 that I have such a good. I've done enough times. Like when I tell people, yeah, if you've tracked food for four years and you're in great shape, you still probably have to track food every single day your life to stay in great shape probably not. Because you've done it for so long that you have the patterns. You know, generally what you're eating, you know how to hunger Q. So, yes, I don't think it's necessary for everybody single person to track your food, especially what's created the skill. But it's really important to start out by understanding, oh shit. I thought that was two tablespoons of peanut butter. That's six tablespoons of peanut butter. So, it's like creating that skill. It's the same thing with this with training. I don't need to track every single set. Every single way I use. I have a very good, like, fine-ass brain. I remember a lot of numbers. I have the unique ability. I probably could tell you guys exactly what weight I use on every single exercise we did yesterday for likes for example. But that's just because I have that numbers. Mine. So, I wouldn't recommend it for most. But that's why I wouldn't ever ask me, oh how many reps do you? I mean, I can tell you honestly. I'm generally no kind of row-weapon. But I wouldn't be able to tell you exactly. I don't need to call this dirt insane. Read my thoughts in the spring. If you listen to this song, we're always more�est, but you're prepared. We're the biggest, top-of-the-tricks. We have a cheap drop. We have a cheap drop. We have a cheap drop. We have a cheap drop. We don't have a cheap drop. We don't have a cheap drop. This is a sort of, uh, the four-shorts I'm just going to do a partial reps. And so far, it's like, I'm not taking over with the delts, so that's my rep. I would have already, I would have to start rolling the shoulders over it. I'm not taking over the shoulders. I think it's time to fire, but you can do basically a lot of long leg partials. You don't have to do it, but if you're at a very high level, you'll come to work there. It's just another way to create a sandwich. As I was talking about the zoo culture. So, for the day? If I show myself for a skit. Everyday is like nothing. Oh, not everyday. Is that why they call it zoo culture? Just the second zoo. Just the first one. Just the first one. Just the first one. Just the first one. Just the first one. Just the first one. Just the palms last the wall. That's right there. Just there. That's for it. Yeah. Yeah. If you're more part of the slow, don't explore. Take all the chest. Don't rush or fucking live in that shed. Live in a corner. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Let's go. Make some progress here. This is fucking chance to get better right here. Two more. More and more in the hole that hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Three. Two. One. One. Well, my elbows just straight. No, they're more in the line. But how is watching it? Because I feel by subs now. Yeah, you're probably going to stand to be instead of. I found that a great day here. I'm about here. So if I didn't extend my arm fully, I felt a lot of my anterior dolphin this side. So it's a balancing act. Right. It's like. So if I extend it fully, it can also grab a pack. But then it's by some too. It's also that immobility thing too. So like I've used more often and more frequently. You're going to start to create those straight-outs, stretch out your cavitation. For me, I don't feel I literally can tell you honestly. After the set, I have no bicep fatigue. And no burnt deli. It's literally my chest is cooked right now. Just from a couple sets. And I think there's two things. One is a stretch out of tation. So really getting feeling like that's not the hindrance. It's me because if I were to go here, I'm still able to be here with that mobility. So I'm not pushing any of that tension in front deli. So when you were doing that, you were inevitably when you went from here to here. What's happening is you're getting a little bit of a certain rotation. Yeah. Whereas I'm able if you walk to clip, I'm able to still be here back there. So I'm not taking any of that in the front deli. Because as long as I'm able to keep that elbow down and from rolling over. I'm able to keep tension out of front deli. And then by keeping a little more elbow bend. Now I'm keeping it out of those obnoxious biceps. So I can be here and not feel any bicep fatigue from this movement specifically. Great starter. And I mean like if you were looking at your chest right now. It's completely, I mean it's almost like you grew up, grew it in and down there. So we'll take it. I always recommend for pressing two parts. So one is machine press. It's going to add stability, not say dumbbells are clearly bad. But when you reduce the necessity to stabilize while you're pressing. It's going to enable you probably have better stimulus specifically in chest. And not maybe gas out because of let's say fatigue and your shoulder or any type of body muscle is using to balance. So this is a great example of a machine that I like to modify. And the other thing that I like about it, it doesn't have a bar that comes straight across that would limit you like a lot of plate load machines. They have the nice stability that stretch around your body where it's going to say a Smith machine or bar ball press. Let's have a camber bar. You're basically limited to here where the bar hit meets your chest. So this I love because you'll see what I'm going to do is almost pop my hips up. Be down here, right below the nipple line. And then I'm able to do that. That exact motion. I'll show you guys earlier like the old lineman blocking. We're going to be right here. So what do I have you do? So it's a range of motions. It's crazy. And I need a partner to get into it. I usually have a half foam roller which I can't find right now. It's the one that's cut in half. We don't just like it really wrap my scabs around it. I can't find that. So we're going to use the full one. So with this one, I need the little help into it. So I'm going to roll my butt right up to the base of it. Make sure it's even. And then I'm going to find myself. So those handles are going to be right about here. So I'll take one at a time. So if you swallow, let's go one. And then here. And I got it. You're good. Take your time. You're good. I'm strong. And we are in place. So I'll check the placement here. I'm sure you're all good. I'm going to press the punch. Okay. So I'm rolling it back and then I'm kind of trying to press through like that. So that's how you made one at quarter. What if one is try with one just get the feel? Yeah. And that would be a really good one. Let me do one later and set it up to work. So it's moving so back a bit. There is it there. Oh, no more time. Yep. Just slow on that. You send your paws in stretch. And push out. A little less explosive on the push. And then push the punch. And push the punch. Push the punch. And push the punch. Push the punch. Push the punch. Push the punch. Push the punch. Push. Push. Push. Push. Push. That's so nice. That's beautiful. So you consciously like dug out of there with the chest. Nice. That's really good. Well, as you do, his last couple reps. Well, those things are working so we're going to fail there. So it just makes up on these last few. Right there. There it is. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. I should have just done that the first time. I forgot I was like I know there's a trick I have to get out of this. That's the downside with my high rep training is it's good on my joints, but my lungs are ruined. I have to take three minutes to rest sometimes. I'm not doing very hard cardio, I'm doing like really mild cardio. If I was doing hard cardio, I just showed a rest period, but I don't know if my legs would have stayed at the same size. So I switch grips, I'm going to go still tight here. I'm going to try to do a regression drop set. I'm going to focus the eye crunching more, and I'm going to focus more on upper test here. Still really crazy when I'm going to go in here. You see I can get that kind of core crunch. Still elbow is about 45. You really feel as you almost can see that upper test can be charged. Obviously, I'm going to go a little bit front belt on this. More than you win that kind of decline format, but also a ton of upper test. I'm going to do a little bit of cardio. I'm going to do a little bit of cardio. I'm going to do a little bit of cardio. I'm going to do a little bit of cardio. That was the first one. My lungs didn't get involved at all, it was just tough. So now we're going to mix up our stimulus a little bit. I'm going to do like on fire. It's a tight no we're not going to need our triceps for the last movement for chest. I'm not worried about hitting one or two tricep movements. And then moving on to the prior last test movement, then our lateral belt movement is the last thing. So because we're doing an upper chest fly, I'm not at all worried about hitting triceps before we do that. But to get a lot of our chest to rest, I got a little carbs on my intro workout. Get that glycogen restored a bit. So I want to go back to that last exercise. I'm going to get a little bit more of that early workout glycogen and energy towards my triceps. And then for a movement that's a little bit more less calm. It's a little bit more isolated since we're not doing quite as much weight as I say this. I'm going to save that upper chest fly towards the end of the workout. This is easily my favorite tricep workout on the planet. Pretty easy setup people are like, oh, you should have taken a 30 second grab event. Moving over to the table, cables in the top position. And what I want to do is, I'm going to do a little bit more of the workout. The cable cables in the top position. And what I want to do is just reach back and I'm going to let myself slide down like a, um, little like a side up playground. Push this down. I'm going to lock in elbows. Here. Push through the waist. Keep those elbows tucked back. We're going to grab it right at the body. Get as much stretches I possibly can up underneath the chin, find that pocket, and then push through down to the waist. This I like to almost brace core a little bit. So almost crunch core. And I don't have to worry. I don't mind actually getting a little shoulders over the top right here. Because if I'm back here, posture is good, but I actually get a little more power through the tricep. Be sure to lower the top of it. I think that arm is bordered in the inner side. I got two. Ooh. But what I bet spread out out there is ah I love though look at how the ball is still on you. And I'm sure their at the begin they will take this part once they're straight, but like I said, they are wide shoulderropes, another one. I don't wanna cross back. here it comes. I'm gonna go. Let's start by saying down it. Just reach out behind you. Scanning up. Find it. Okay, he's ripped. I'm gonna get so much of his top grip. I like to hit down so much one. Go high, right behind it. There he is. You do it. And then, down to the waist of the dragon, right at the body. Slow. Find that pocket up higher. Reach. Reach. And then, nice control. Be the twice of down to the waist. That's the right thing. Now, stand top. So, more. Roll the shoulders. Point top. Go. Go. Nice. Good. Throw the body. Stretch pause. Push. Push. Swallow. Swallow. Push. Swallow. Swallow. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Well, there are really extra work on. When you set your face, sometimes you got it like slow. Just set it up more soar. But all you think is, get that a bottom. You're getting into the bottom with your thighs, huh? Then, I want you to think slowly sets it through the tracks. Try to remember, I feel that f***er working. There it is. There you go. How do you do it? Let's go. There it is. Nice. One, two, one. There it all it on. Yeah, I got you one more. Drag it up. Feel that f***ing stretch. Push. Just try to stop. Yeah. I'm dragging it up slow. So, so. How's this stretch only get that nice stretch? It's actually just opening up. I'm going to drag it up. I saw you do those in a video once. You know, are they a year ago? And I incorporated them for a while. It was a pain in the butt to try to get it right. Now I feel it much better. It takes a little just like, just, What's that seeing me in person and have me push you through it and walk you through it? Well, it's completely different. So many little factors that, when you're seeing me, that's this is also why I get a lot of the hate online because it's what you do it or try it and do it actually right? That's what it looks kind of silly. But when you actually think through how this works, for example, when we have a, we're going to push down and that weight is coming from it. Fun about such a, once you get past about here, you're based that line. It's going to be a stretch of scale. We have no tension here. Try such anymore. Now you put this vector force behind you and now I'm back here. I've got no ability to use momentum. And I have a shift on the tension and the stretch position before I go out. So when I have essentially that those fibers lengthened at the longest point. And then I'm here and I push out. I already have tension and try to work. I'm going to push down where the cable is coming from. front of me. I don't have any tension until I get to about here. And then all the way to the bottom where obviously, the fibers are most cross and most contracted. And I get as much benefit from the movement. So when I have been in my arms. And I have a shift on the tension and the stretch position. I have to get a good focus on the fibers behind you and now I'm back here. So when I have tried to work, I'm going to push down where the cable is coming from. So when I have been in my arms. And I have to get a good focus on the fibers. So when I have been in my arms. So when I have been in my arms. So when I have been in my arms. So when I have been in my arms. So when I have been in my arms. So when I have been in my arms. So when I have been in my arms. So when I have been in my arms. So when I have been in my arms. So when I have been in my arms. Well I use these walkings for this. Walkings are nice too. There we have it for you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So. No. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not afraid. Yeah. Yeah. I got it. What do you mean? Yeah. What were you at? I was at one. It's 450. I'm going to go down to 80. All right. So good. No. I'll be up in on this. Good. Nice. Yeah. That's better. Okay. Okay. There it is. All right. Okay. How many help? One. No. Two. No. Yeah. Two. Yeah. Sorry. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So the mistake I was making on the past was I was leaning back and going straight up with them. You're using basically whatever the natural angle is of the humorous staying in that zone. And even sometimes what I'll do is I'll just use this as like a hinge. I'm leaning forward to match that angle even better. So instead of being lean back, I'll actually be here. And then pop back and just use that like a almost just like a pocket. Mm-hmm. And you see the difference now. I'm almost matching that angle. No. My strength curve is so much better. My leverage is better here. Really, it's a bit I probably do the stack pretty easily with this one. Yeah. Schnene the modern world too. Well, nanny. Understood, understand. I'm just gleich as I should do. I got my future tomorrow. So I'm going to find that pocket following the adventure. Nice, man. No good. Yeah. Sorry, little mechanic, I'll show you the test. So you're the player with pushing out, putting them on top. Push those, push them back, your fingers together, and keep them together. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'll just go ahead and get them together though. Put them all the way to the team and you got them all right. Yeah. Yeah. I guess you can find this in some time. She needs to be there. She needs to be there. So come on. Now five or more come on. We're just going to show them. Come on. Come on. Hold it. This is the first time you're stuck. So if I'm going to try to set three times a week or two exercises three times a week. And I wanted to swap some shit out. I probably would swap up the dip machine for one of the crusts out. Because I have pressed them all three days already. But one of them is one hour and a time. I would do one arm. And then I got one that's the bar, but it's not back supported. And then the third one is Vulcan tricep out down and out down and together. So I'm thinking the one the press. That's one of the swap out for laying. And then for I'll have one overhead and I barely feel it. I'll swap this off for that. And I have dips the other two. How'd you like that four bias? I like it a lot. But I'm theory because I don't have a chair. I could just do it standing. Yeah, I'm correct. And just do this. So you create that same angle. Right with Vulcan. Or you're going to do a knee like you do pad down like one of the soft flakes. Right once. Kneeling and then lean. Almost use it the weight to kind of hold you up and it's going to go to the knee and then go forward. It's also really good often. So yeah. This is good also. If you only have an inclined bench, what you can do is do it almost like standing. So you can go here. Wrap around the bench. So kind of pull the rope here. Uh-huh. Basically grab here. Wrap around. And just instead of sitting down. What I would do is just go here on the inclined pop it up. Right. And then you can create that same either. Right. I see. Or go, you'll have, I can't do this at fall forward. So that's like standing. Put it on that fucking right. Right. My hand. I go back here and put whole flakes back. I see your same. I think that same angle. It would just have to be higher. Correct. Okay. I mean, I'm a little torn. So I was, when you're still going to have to worry about it. Conflicking power thought with the top of the bench. But up for you, I would say I put the cable high on a little higher and even a little bit more here to create that same vector force. Sounds perfect. So what I'm going to do is clip in cuffs here. I prefer cuffs just because at the weight I tend to use. On my top end sets. I will definitely start to tax out on my grip. So I have cables just above hip height. I want to make fists with my hands. Like I'm actually doing. I'm holding on to handles. And so this is the mistake I see a lot of. It's still a will. I like this movement arc where I push out first. So I'm going to push out first and then up and back. So I want to see a sweep. I want to sweep down and in. Go to where I get. Cross those cables slightly. Where my hands almost come together. And then instead of pushing up and like straight into the why I want to push out. Push those walls out away from us. And then up. So curve curve same arc back in. Open up that chest. Retreat. You see all that activation that lateral head. And then push out to the wall. And you see that one of the main things I tried to. Coach on this is. I want to try to minimize that trapping moment. And when we see trash getting rolls is going to be the shoulders. Sharking up to the ears. So if I can be here. They see how my shoulders don't travel up. It's the prime example of sure. You could be lateral raising. Fuckin 50 pounds dumbbells. But does that mean you're really working. Your lateral head that well. Probably not. You're probably shrugging your shoulders. You're just doing lower-fied. Trugs. Whereas with this, watch. You can see. Watch. From the very bottom of the move. Watch my lateral head. Fuckin fired. Yep. It fired. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Cool. So nice back-arch. And I want you to pretend like you're pushing the walls out. So slow. So I want you to think. And then you can hear first and then almost open back like this. So close. And you got your head. So first hear. Out. And then you. There. And up all that same. So. Okay. Out first. Make this with your hands. Like your whole-in-two hand. There. So. So. So. Drag it out. Drag out of the bottom. Drag it out in the bottom. Drag. That's it. How's your fucking bathroom? Let's go. Drag it out. That's it. Good. Come on. Drag. That's right. There it is. And it's got. All the way. And. So. Yeah. Go. Yeah. All the way. And. And. And. And. And. And. So. So. So. So. Hi. Oh. So. So. In. Okay. To. And. And. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. And. So. So. I'm losing That contraction and stimulus from that stretch position with that stretcher. You think that's a little little pop It's only people realize how much even That they're gonna reduce the amount of stimulus in that time you're muscle just with that little like fucking right. I got your coin Yeah, like watch the difference between this route Yep And this route Spacey I'm tossing out there and catching it Where's I really want to try to get absolutely right? I find that my second set is the squeeze my first set's always Performative and I'm trying to get to that number and that's you like Summery second logbook Oh Haha Yeah There is not a fall that soon or that time. So out and then up and down pushing it. Yeah, that's it. That's perfect. So out and down pushing it. So out and down pushing it. So out and down pushing it. So out and down pushing it. That's it. I suppose I feel a lot of front though. I came out of a straight at film one bit although. Yes, it's kind of playing around and see what works best for you. I like to do these. One of two ways. One is I'm going to show you the dual. If you guys are trying to hit upper chest, obviously those fibers are running this direction. So we want to kind of match that fiber alignment with where we're doing. So you can either do that with basically a press here from this angle or a fly where keeping elbows. Almost in a fixed position or trying to push out and almost underneath the pack. A lot of the biggest mistake is see a lot of people making so they're trying to upper chest. They're trying to they want to do this. So they can do they're like, oh, don't get any more upper pack that way. But what's happening is you have to be basically opposite mover. So if we're here going up that cable is down here. Now we're drawing that line of force. It's basically going front, dealt and by set. Whereas if we're here and we're drawing that line now here. That angle force that's coming from behind us now is perfectly aligned with those upper chest. You'll see how I hit these. So a little different queuing that I would suggest on most presses. So I'm going to wrap around and what I'm going to actually do is actually crunch core slightly here. Well, I remember the opposite push with the upper chest. And always centered. There's a stretch. You know, see that upper chest behind you here. We see even throughout these center control. So the upper chest stays on. It's the other ending point is not too high. Watch when I go too high. So the chest turns off completely. Watch a difference or watch my chest here. You can see your blue one in your eyes. You can see all these birds keep their presence. And I'm so much better than taking a ride. Oh, for your big eyes. Oh, for your two toes. Oh, for your eyes. Oh, watch it. Oh, watch it. Oh, watch it. Oh, watch it. Oh, watch it. There it is. Push, push. That's it. It's a push. It's not a press because we're not actually. We're not going from here to here. But we are going from here to here. So it's like a scoop. It's out of press. It's not a fly. It's a scoop. Probably one of the hardest new ones. Yeah, really popular like it. Yeah, it's a good opportunity. I've seen your upper chest look like that's the group. And together today or in person. I don't think it's see how much more activated from one side. Yeah. Yeah. This one's one of those ones that I have to be careful about because it's like one of the only chess movements I cue almost like crunching points that have really extending and opening chess. I actually want to be crunched here. And so I could think, right through that upper chest. So you really have to know why this isn't your first move. Is this the opposite? Correct. So I'm not opening up. I'm not. It's not opening my chest. It's good to see that. It's really good to see that. So I'm going to try to set up on the bench. So I'm going to set up all the hooks on the front. Let's stand up and set up on the front. And then you can put it down. And then you can put it down. So if you just imagine that either. I'm going to set up a bit of the other. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, that's pretty. Looks like he got the Jerry. Sounds bad. Oh, the Jerry. Oh, that's this. Ah, this is pretty bad. It's been helt loud. I'm sorry, make sure I said I'm a side chest. So I make sure to come under me that far, packin' and scoop it. So you're doing your very side chest. You're kinda coming over like that. That's a good thing too. So I can come under even push it up instead of to last you. That's a much better way of popping different. And underneath it now puts up. There it is. And turn to the judges and roll two points to open up. And underneath it. Yeah, you see some to the either of that. That's where I really were working on this train that way. And my side chest. Where you send up to your most side way. Squeeze the upper body. You want to keep the lower body side with your turn. Keep rotating. I'm gonna incorporate all that shit. Yeah, for sure. I mean, you're a sponge. I'll give you queues and you welcome up right away. So I think the biggest thing when you're not with me. Two things. One is the explosive concentric. I think you're gonna have to untie that. Into that jam it out. And the other thing is when you're controlling the eccentric. Sometimes you're doing it slow just as a safety measure. I want you to think if you're doing, let's say this. But that upper chest movement. I want you to think when you hit that. I want you to think I'm letting it back. I'm controlled with my chest. Right. I'm not just letting it back slow to let it back slow. I'm getting here. And then I'm here. See that shit. See I'm still in it. And that's when I come out. So the whole movement. Squeeze it up and squeeze it on the way down. So I want to see it. I don't explode up and lower it down the rat you like for safety. Yeah. So like I said, even like if I try to push down on the incline measure. You can tell like you're like releasing the triceps completely. And you're almost controlling that that eccentric through like your forearm and almost like lat. A little bit. It's fun. So you actually weren't controlling your tricep. It was turned off. It was like, you do and you were like. And then you're a little dragging it up the body. You can see your tricep almost like feathering. And like almost like, what's the word I'm looking for. Diseculation. Yes. On the way up. So that's what I want to see is so it's not just about going slow. I'm the eccentric. It's about keeping the tension on the muscle and the eccentric through that target muscle group. I got you. It's a whole different. All right. So I'm going to relearn how to do concentric and eccentric. And incorporate the new exercises. A lot a lot. Yeah. Yeah. Well, it's cool because I just this is kind of like a deal a week. I'm only training four times. So therefore when I get back, I'm going to have a new block anyway. So I might as well just write the new program with the new exercises. And I'll have to reset my log book because if I could get 15 with X on hamstring curls before and set two I'm getting eight because I'm squeezing it up. Now I'm going to go in there with the mindset like we're going to keep the weight about the same and we're going to squeeze it up. Yep. And squeeze it on the way down. All right man. So you're going to do some math. Yep. All right. What I find with rats, especially is that I like unilateral training for a couple of reasons. One is it allows you to isolate once I have another. Really create that my life. The other thing is biasing. What I mean by that is it allows us to create better alignment for the last specifically by we're not rotating. We're actually going to lean out and you'll see how much my lat opens up to fire. So we're going to do here is basically a bed supported. Yeah, I would tell you like honestly you're not going to need your belt for anything we do today for back. So it's not it's probably going to actually be a hindrance. Right. So what I want to do is hold this down here. I want to create leverage with this front foot here. I'm going to push in and I want you to come around on the southern side. And I want to see the difference in my lat right here versus what I buy us out. So watch it here. Now watch. See that lat. So I can get kicked on right here. And then what I want to do is push forward towards mechanism. You see how they get to crazy lat stretch. Please see how many crazy lat stretch here. If you even stretch it my lat is still on. Feel my lat. See how it's still on. But now watch the difference where I rotate up and this one most people do. It's completely just off. So it's there's a difference between stretching it. And actually reaching and and feeling still padding contraction. The muscles are the difference between reaching here. And almost keeping that elbow bent and that palm neutral. And then what I want to think is we're going to pull down first and then into that hip pocket. So we're going to pull almost down with the elbow. Always thinking to hands a hook. Elbow we're pulling with we're pulling with the elbow down first. And then into that hip pocket. And then we're going to right back the way we came. So instead of going straight up. We're going to go here. Pushing forward first. Reaching reaching reaching reaching open open open open open. So the elbow is never completely straight palms neutral. And then sinking it down into that pocket. Forward first. And then. All right cool. And it doesn't matter that your elbow is ending out here. Because that's as much as lat you need right. Yes. So I'm manipulating body angle in this direction. So from a hip hinge not a rotation. That's the biggest mistake I see you. But when people try to emulate my form. Is that instead of reaching here. And matching that angle for the lat. Where they go. Here and they start to rotate and they try to get more stretch like this. I never stretch like this. I stretch. Here and then. Into that pocket. Okay. That allows us to maintain that. And then what I want you to see. I hear your little far forward right now. So I want you to put your feet this foot. I'll let's like up all the way to here. Yep a little more. And closer to the bench. And now I want you to screw your body out. This way a bit. Yes. Double bend. And then I want you to make sure your elbows are in my or your shoulders are in my with each other. Yep. And now I want you to feel that lat right here. And instead of pulling straight back. Once you pull down first. And then into that pocket. And I'll push forward first. Reach. Reach. Feel that lat almost rip off the bone. And then down into that pocket. All right. Good. And then just pick the body up just a bit. And then leverage out some more. So you see how you're hitting the bench. There it is right there. That's it right there. Slow on the up. Remember you're just down here just like that. You do let that eccentric go. I just felt it. Do you feel your lat? And I'll let me let me try it with the. Yeah. Let the lat take the eccentric. Slow. See how you just let it go. There it is. Little better. Good. Good. Good. How's your grip doing you to re-drip? No, I'm good. Okay. I got my heart. I just keep hitting the bench. Yeah. So I've saying you got a leverage out. So take this leg. Stick it all the way out for me. Okay. There you go. Okay. Yep. Oh man. If you let it, looks like a. Yeah. Turkey dinner right now. Perfect. Good. And then the only thing is when you pull rock back in. That's right there. Okay. Got. Last one. Yeah. Other side. Yeah. Feel out on that. It's a lack difference. I literally listen to that with him. It's a lack difference. I'm sorry. I was hit it. I was hit it. I was hit it. I was hit it. I was hit it. I was hit it. I was hit it. I was hit it. I was hit it. I don't know where it goes straight. I'm going to jump to the top of the rep. Keep that slight elbow then. At the top of the rep. That's stretching. That's stretching. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I should go to the body slightly see that. I think I'm going to turn the hand here. That's it. There it is. There it is. Push forward for it down and forward. Yeah. There it is. I'm going to loop it back in and down and forward. Do I get first? Yeah. I assume we got a few. I'm just going to guide you. You're still pulling on this guy and keeping the hand out. Yeah. That's it. See that difference? Yeah. It's a lot of you loop it in. That's what you're doing. That's why I want you to. That's why I want you to. That's why everybody's like, dude, you don't have to do that. It's full on the concentric and they're or the eccentric and the reason I do it is because that's where I find I can really lock into like let's say that very nuanced movement arc where obviously it's it's going to be if you just shoot it up you're not going to be able to find that. You're only going to slow as you have to to keep the same tension in the eccentric that you do in the concentric. That's yes correct and also like that. It's not an arbitrary force. It just happens to take that on. Just want to maybe stay in that pocket. And the fact that you're losing reps because of how long the eccentric is is a relevant. More way more to keep that. It's high-munder tension anyway. So I even like for example like this is what like for example like a working set will look like it's often way for me. I'll show you a quick. It's necessary to think at least that way, but it's okay. Like as well. That's why I swear to you. Okay, with that fall partner, I tried to get out of like, pretty much too fairly at what five to six reps. And like, so for me, there's no part of that set that was unsafe. I see you're like a troll is so high and I've got, do that the entire ratio when I push out and he said, I could all that control I had. In the essentially, I looped it into almost like, push forward into stretch in the eccentric face. And I also think down and forward first. There it is. Loop it in. That's it. Not that I know where they're going. Yes. With the irrationaly set that goes. Push forward, push forward, pull back, pull back and then you get in. I got you the two of you know, let's go. I got it. Yup. Oh. Oh. Big truck. Big truck. Big truck. Big truck. Big truck. Thank you. Yeah. That's it. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. I'm gonna stretch this and open it open. I'm gonna do the last. Ah, that's it. There's no stress, no, no, no, no, no. I'm gonna do it twice like that. I'll just stretch it. Just sort of pull right through that loud runoff. Oh, do it again. Yeah, that's it. Yeah, that's it. I don't think so. That's completely different. Yeah, awesome. I've had a last breath right now. Yeah, that's. This one's especially good for like that lower last. We're gonna kind of do like a row almost pull over a combination. So there's the ball correct there. Maybe someone brought that with him. No, that's here. It's been a bit different. So we used to win that beat better for this than that. Because, um, yeah, we can probably use this. Also, but either or you get strapping, I use my straps on this. I think you're gonna think you're out. Brought where walk it back. So like a Dante row, but it's just support Dante row. And then we're gonna pull low though right here. We'll try to get down. Same movement arc that we're doing on. Right. So you got just down first. So yeah, down big stretch. Re-3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3. We're gonna come behind, look at my lap. We're probably gonna take the gauge when I get it. So we'll try the rope at CIO feels. Let's take a like 70, 60, 70. Oh, I'm around, pop up legs over. All right. Good. Mimple line up higher. So you need to walk away up, walk right there. We're at there, you got 3, 3, 3, 3, 4, stretch. Let's squeeze it to it. Still all guys are doing 6, 6, 4, 1. So you're still going to pull around to the rope. I'm gonna bend it up. 4, and we'll try to get it in this part. We'll try to get it in a minute. Like that. That's how I got it. You got to keep it around. Yeah, keep it around. Yes. We need to press the pressure stuff. We're gonna be able to do that. Thank you. Last two, I'll do the palm muscles. Really, really good. We need each other. You know the palm muscles. Thank you. So that's each stretch. And we'll have the same stretch. It was too heavy, probably. Yeah. Yeah, we were still trying, I think we were trying it too much into a pull over. Okay. I need you to still roll. You're still trying to dig those elbows back. I still hope it's still a row. It's not a, like a pull over the sensor. Not trying to, just keep it here. Really, it's going to be just a little slight bit higher up on the bend. Okay. You were too down on it. All right. I think if I use the ball, can it wouldn't be so much elbow? Because I think the grip was so, let's watch it. Roodle. I wasn't feeling the lat. Yeah, there you go right there right there. Yeah. Yeah. And place yourself higher. So stand there. You know, standing up. Yeah, you even go up there. Last explosive. Last explosive. They pulling with the lat. That's it. Slow, slow, slow. Reach, reach. And then drag out the hole. There you go. Drag out of the hole. Drag out of the hole. Reach and stretch. Stretch, stretch. Stretch, stretch. Stretch. Stretch. Now drag. That's your best wrap right there. Reach, reach. Open and stretch. Okay. Thank you. The two more. Yeah, one more. Nice. I got it. Oh. Yeah, having my knees here helped a lot. Nothing on the elbow. I got it. Yeah, having my knees here helped a lot. Nothing on the elbow. I got it. I got it. I got it. Whoops. It helped a lot. Nothing on the elbow by using the ball, Rick. Yeah.ıyorlar. The first set I felt a little bit out of here like a 4 out of 10. This set I felt at the eight nine hundred hundred hundred hundred ten are perfect. I need a hard punch for reach. What I want you to do too. Here's all I was thinking is it's got a little higher up so you can just get one. Can do one. Try get a two yoga blocks. So you're gonna put the you put your knees up oh shit. That's good. Yeah So that you're knees up on that Remember don't explode those hands neutral find the stretch and then pull with this that's it right there Not bored in Good come on reach reach reach find that stack. Let's go nice Reach big stretch big stretch Strive it in there you go come on One more with me one or two more with me. Let's go drag it out don't explode. I got you find that big stretch don't explode It's fucking awesome. Do we really did two sets of middle delts four sets of last four sets of tri-sets of sets of chests Oh, yeah, you do that's a real more volume than ever I can land house kind of thinking we do a like a true push for God That was kind of just gonna show you how you do six sets of chests three sets of middle delts three sets of Revalued and six six eight sets of lats and then the other one I do the lats first I do six sets of lats two sets of rows Then it six sets of chests three sets of three three hours and then the next day is six sets of tri-sets of Six sets of biceps three sets of hamstrings five sets of quads three sets of adept your three sets of calves Three sets of abs that one's a solid three hours and I do that a b a b a b one day off I'm never and I never really get sore You know my my upper body workouts are Right everyone says they get through so fast. I don't know how that's possible Well, I mean I do so for example my back my my full day back rise for your delts I'll hit like six sets of lats So I'll do like those new lateral poles or like a dual compound hole and then I'll do Like a something like this like a bench supported lateral then I'll do a bench supported upper back rule like that or so one over there That's it for back. I'll do like an in blind bicep curl two sets. I had that Mike four five minutes Now I'll do like a lying bicep variation or I'll just a like then Bias then I'll hit like two sets of root delts I just think I think your volumes a little much Well, I'm a resource so I mean Well, regardless of whether your sore not does it mean there's a log to measure in turns and your training is certain point doesn't mean that Sourness isn't isn't always indicative of fatigue you know, they're like You know markers and maybe you would be able to Like a few of mine set is oh fuck about all these sets get done of course You're not gonna be like what I'm trying to teach you to do Taking every set and milking it like I tell you the other thing you're doing this we're doing every set is beyond failure with two four stripes I do know four straps Yeah, it's not about failure. It's more about like how much you see me controlling the negative Right, and that's more so what I'm talking about less about the four stripes I don't do those normally myself because I have you here. Okay. It's fun to do right, but what I do that normally I get on to you if I'm paying my soft I can't divorce I might do some length and partials, but that's I mean That's where I'll do those on my baby twenty percent of my size. Okay, but it's more so the mentality how you always see me Hewling like you know slow down the negative no no positive stretch because I think if you've got fucking that many sets to do You might not be focusing as much on execution. I know I've only got 10 sets or 12 sets in the full work like I'm doing six sets of lats or six sets of four sets of lats Two sets of upper back and then I've got two to three sets of biceps and made two three sets of root Elts I'm making sure that every fucking one of those sets is Absolutely perfect because I know I don't have another 10 sets to get it right I've got fucking four sets of lats. I will say that after 90 minutes my focus is shot The first out first hours very focused. That's why I always start with lats or arms His host of the priorities and then everything else is just If it grows it grows if it doesn't it does it so I want you to watch like and I and you can you can watch back Your video on this yeah versus like what a set for me would look like if I would do like this You Let's live alone in thirty Six days There are no preparements and strength Still live alone in thirty Londo cuuuuuu P스 P P 2led 5 mình's not putting on a tie This is way easier to pass Though life has I'm supposed to eat ice in twice going into workouts a week, right? Like two full workouts? Yeah, so you're gonna get in 12 sets of last week. It's crazy. insane. It's crazy. Yeah. Nice. That's better. That was it right there. That was the better one. Yeah, dude. That's it, man. Like fucking every rep I execute like that. Dude, if you can take one thing, you can fucking train with me. Take that. That was what a rupture feel like. Yes. So like Joe Benin says, it's like forget how many reps can you do one rep? Yes. That's fucking great saying. It's such a good saying. It's like something of a circle principle, which is too confusing, but give me one good rep. You have to do it. You have to fucking execute one. And then next week, I have to execute it. Next week, give me two good reps. All right, man. Thank you so much. Absolutely.

Gwary! You're watching Dr. Todd Lee TV, where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. We're at the muscle factory in San Antonio, Texas, today's my arm day, so it's like kind of a silly day to film, but I'm checking out all the equipment that's here so I can plan out my week. For example, tomorrow, I'm going to do this prime line like curl, then I'm going to do the pendulum squat that's in the other room, then I'm going to do either this panata or the prime seated leg curl, then I'm going to do one of the two prime leg extensions, and then I'll probably do the ad dr. machine, that's the other room, and then this I carry in donkey calf over here. I'll do this actually, I'll do the prime ad dr. machine, so I'll get to use all prime equipment, that's one of the things that's cool about this gym is that you got all the prime stuff, prime stuff is extremely rare, you never see it in Michigan, I don't think I've ever seen a prime machine in Michigan, and then for chest day, we'll probably do whatever a general wants to do on pole day, but on chest day, I'm thinking I will do the prime pack deck, then the prime incline press, and that's it, then I'll probably be all I do. And I'll do more delts and more triceps that day. Look at all those things in the long, that's cool. I'll probably try this panata and get started, see how this goes. Because I saw there's the lateral, the prime lateral, I want to do that for sure, and I want to try out this extension thing, usually those things tear up my elbow, so I want to wear up my elbow first, try out my elbow first before I get to that. But this panata bicep thing, I've been zero and like a hundred for a fucking panata machines for bicep. So we kind of did a lying version of this yesterday, and it didn't suck, but it wasn't great. I'm going to let it make my own. I'm going to let it make my own. I'm going to let it make my own. Check this out here, and wow, it's huge. I'm going to let it make my own. I'm going to let it make my own. I'm going to let it make my own. So that's the trick is you got to arch your back and lay back into it, and you get a much better stretch. Normally I could never train both sides at the same time, but this machine actually is angled the way that my body moves at like a 30 degree angle. All the other bilateral motions are like this and my arms don't do that. So this is the best of these types of machines, which is ironic because we just used the panata was exactly like this with more adjustable components yesterday, and this one's better than that machine. So most of you in older model that just is better. So while I'm resting from this, I'm going to see what else is there. So like tomorrow, I'll do the pack deck, and I'll do two sets here and two sets there, and that'll be all I need. Not tomorrow for Pachaste, which is a Thursday. I wonder what's over here. So that looks like a dip machine, the pack deck, and then that's the shoulders. No, there's more machines up here. This is abs. Interesting way out. This is the panata, that's notalous. That's the other thing that hits you. That's actually good, so that's a good back machine. It looks like they got two different pack deck by prime. They got a prime row. They've got another prime row to shit, and then they got another panata row. So I'm pretty sure me and John are going to use that and that tomorrow or that. But either way, between the notalous, one arm, the panata, one arm, the panata row, this panata row, that prime row, this rogers three way row. That's probably going to, and then that or that prime row, which I've seen when we use a lot of. That's pretty much everything we need. Really going to need like six sets probably. I didn't even see that panata chest press machine right there. I might want to use that instead of prime. That's so cool. 1813-15. That's going to make a lot of sense. You know, I had to do something wrong. I didn't kind of load ring over there. I don't want to get in the middle of that. I want to do some, looks like he's going to take up space. That was going to use. All right, that'll carry out. You can do pull-ups, dude. I don't care. I'm just going to do like any of my reasons. That's fun. I was just going to do a press on set. Okay. You want it. We'll just take turns. I'm not tall enough for this. I need to be over there. Hey, I'm going to move over there anyway, buddy. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm just going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm really not feeling this at all. I'm going to switch back to that for my last sub. Immediately better. Something about having it in your hand is better than the risk. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I like this because I felt it on my bicycle. It's a simple. You won't be squeezing it. It makes a difference. It was tapered. It was normal size here and thick there. It was the best grip ever. There's just like 150 bucks. I have to be imported from England. I got a knockoff one from Amazon, which never really felt right. Now that I've used the real thing, I'm going to order real ones. Curls are like the staple. The risk cuff just doesn't pan out for me. It was to the best success. It was the one behind. Here's the more fun this world's difference. I'm so driven and take a ride. For your lead arts. For your lead arts. For your lead arts. For your lead arts. For your lead arts. For your lead arts. For my friend. But you're also pretty smart. Now that you've set me free, we are the ones you've done. We seem to have given the price. They've already gone to my left behind. This is the truth. It's the truth. It's the truth. It's the truth. It's the truth. I've used a lot of different machines. This is my favorite one. The panata one was pretty good. The one at the umbers amazing. But this one's great. All the primes have adjustable resistors. This one's so good. And this gym has more of the prime stuff. I've ever seen before in one place. So every time we go to a gym and like, oh my god. This is the best gym I've ever been to. I'd want to live here. So I can use this gym. But it's like every gym in Texas is like a one two three four different units. And each one's loaded with awesome stuff. Let's get this last shot. It's awesome. That was great. I like how there's no music here. I was really struggling to get a bicep pump. That first machine that Pinnata was amazing, and I totally lost it with the cuffs. And now I just got a pump in my tri-subs. I must be pretty fucking dehydrated today that it's so hard to get a pump, because I used injectable amino's. That should have given me a pump just from that. Then again, I didn't even drink my pre-workout, and I'm already onto my intro. They barely even sip this. We're almost done with the workout. The whole workout's nine, 15 sets. I'd say it feels like a waste of a trip, except I specifically got the Airbnb that was ridiculously close to here. Stop! Stop!IRZY-SUPER. RAINGAR. You重 look, joyfullyestion, more and more a kind, especially for every fine. And nervous, I love this. This was amazing. My favorite thing for lateral talts is this motion, John convinced me of it, and now after using the machine that he uses, the physical exact copy, now I know why. I've used three of these in the past week. This is the best one. I wish they had like the year. So you know when you buy it, you're like, I want the prime lateral raise from 2018 or whatever the fuck this is, because the strive when we use the species, which is the third best one I've used in my life, is nothing compared and that look like it was from like 1985. So I don't know if this seats a little too high. Earn more. Yeah, more comfortable to hire seat. So I'll probably use the prime on Thursday. This prime and that prime. John says that one's a little too deep, but you can put yoga blocks in. And also I go for that stretch with light ass weight to get that type of effect. This is a flat press, and that's a flat press. I don't really want to fuck with that. I'd rather do incline like this for two sets, incline like this for two sets. After doing the pack deck for a good stretch for two sets, I know it's only six sets, but whatever. Obviously, come off season. I'm probably going to have to start doing more than six sets twice a week for chess. And that's pretty much it. I want to do some abs in some cardio. And that's it. I do have to say it's weird because everyone in here has got a phenomenal physique. I want to see who this person is. We saw him lifting. And that's the Texas pro. And that must be the guy we just talked to. No, it's Senka. That's who we just talked to. We talked to that guy, and we saw that guy. Pretty fucking impressive people in this gym. I don't think I've seen more impressive people one gym before. I feel like it's the waist. Like I want to do chest. Even though I just did chest yesterday. But I did buy some tries yesterday and I had no problem doing them again today. I just feel like my recovery is really fast right now compared to last week. It's so funny. I don't feel like I'm in peak week because it's a peak week falling and not a week falling a peak week. So I just feel like every day is just someone else's life. And just does not feel like peak week at all. But we've been doing this for tomorrow is going to be like two weeks, right? So we've been doing this for two weeks. So this is long enough for habits to be formed. So it's almost like normal life is a memory and this is normal. I'm going to do more position or abshit because I don't really feel a whole lot of rack this one out. I just feel a transfer. Obviously, it's going to hurt to do one of two sets. I'm sure you've been doing those for like the last six months. Facing those out was a mistake. I couldn't hurt my waistline and I couldn't hurt my abs to keep those in. Yeah, nothing's really, I'm not only showing anything well. Probably should be some cardio in.

You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. They're coming, live, click, search, run, run, click You're gonna let the Let's get to Go, this is fucking about the lights Now you're the best Now you're the best Yes, yes Go, this is fucking What you say Now get the sun Now you're the best You're the best Yes, yes, yes, yes Yes, yes Yes, yes, yes Yes, yes, yes Yes, yes, yes True, true, true, true Yes, yes Yes Go, this is fucking about the light Now you're the best You're the best Yes, yes, yes Yes, yes, yes, yes Yes, yes, yes True, true breakthrough! Yeah! Oh! Why did I do one? Why did I do one? Yeah! Why did I do one? Why did I do one? No! Scour! Go and go! Suffering! Go for me! Suffering! Go for me! I am the queen of the land! I am the land of the return of the world! I am the land of the land of the land! Oh! You are the soul of the world! Strap and time sheds and time will light the flames! But what's now? Do I still do? Do I still do? Do I still do? Do I still do? Someone must find your way down the ramps! Yeah! That's what's inside, that's what's inside! Wondering, that's what's inside! That's what's inside! That's what's inside! It's all the bloody diamonds and the diamonds and the wine! Yeah! Fill up the wild out! Feel the

You're watching Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. So we're on our way to Volkowretone to the facilities where they make Fenrish Fury and the Zirker frenzy, Thor's Hammer, and my health line, the Todd Lee MD. So Valhalla Labs is the bodybuilding line, and then there's the health line, which is this Todd Lee MD supplements. We're going to go tour the facilities. You guys get to see where your supplements are made, and we're going to flavor test the Zirker frenzy. I can bet you means me to touch the wheel. So goddamn much. I hate fucking needy people. A needy car is a top my list. The moment, within 20 minutes of taking those mats, I just completely crash like there's no control over it. You can't even really find it off, because your functionality just withers by the way, you'll be trying to do basic tests, and you kind of just realize you're on the clock. I did not wake up in a different shirt when I wore the bed, so that's good. I'm a third-night mirror. Finally, the trick is 50 to 100 milligrams of Malatone, and 100 milligrams of Cerec will with 50 milligrams of Trasodome, and then last night, instead of the two milligrams of clonopin, I don't need to a quarter milligrams of Sanx, because I wanted to lean off. And I don't normally do this, should I usually just stay away called my tossing and turning feeling like shit, because I don't have enough supply of the medication I need to get a good night's sleep. So I save it for one of some important. Yeah, I just get really, really groggy from sleep pants the next day. That's the biggest nuisance to it, because I took him a napkin all this morning, plus he had some caffeine, and still feel half asleep. But if not for the residual brain fog, it would be absolutely perfect. I always kind of been that way with any kind of sleep medication or anti-stween used for inducing sleep, managerial, ambient. Yeah. My favorite for anti-hissed to mean sleep aid would be hydroxism, but it's not easy to get that. I find telly rx is really easy, but they're like $200 per cent. Which is fine, because like what that means that a trasodone, a cirac, well a hydroxism, you're spending $600 a month to sleep. Yeah, you know, that's not. That's like $20 today. It's just basically. And sound like I'm using caffeine or energy to drink during the day. I'm just that alert of a person. My name's David Winsauer, I'm the CEO and one of the partners of Lightning Labs. Soon to be Lightning Neutral, we're doing a rebrand because it's a furniture-suitable company. Right. We started this company around 2021, and Todd Lee was one of our, I guess the phrase is cool customers. We like working with you. You like working with you a lot and you put a lot of faith in the beginning. And things have been pretty good, and we've grown a bit in Todd's relaunching and redoing some products, and today we're doing some flavor testing, we'll be doing a tour showing how the sauce is made or how the process is like in the back a little bit, and answer any question you got. So this is the new label for Fenris. We're not tasting Fenris. We really mastered the flavor of Fenris. So we're trying to have Bizzicor Fenris be compatible with Fenris because a lot of people want caffeine, and although Fenris is Stimfree, we'll be able to add Bizzicor Fenris to get the full spectrum of the energy, the focus, the endurance, as well as the masterful pump matrix that is in Fenris Fury. So I want we were tasting these out to make sure that you can put, you know, two scoops of pump one scoop of Stim or two scoop system, one scoop of pump, whatever someone wants, they can tailor it to their specific needs, and have the flavors actually taste good. I competed what yesterday? Yeah, I really feel. So you got you have Tanner on? Yeah, I did. Yeah. So Stimfree like over time too. Yeah, it's competed yesterday. competed Friday and yesterday. Did three shows on Friday and one show on the God yesterday. So it's the first time I've ever done, I've done two days before, but only one and one, and I've done three and one day before, but never done three and one day and one of the other. So they didn't three, do you mean like, I don't remember the terms anymore? This is like, not the finals. What's the, so it's during pre-judging pre-judging. Yeah. We had over 45. Yeah. Then they didn't even have a sleeve. They just brought a new guys for over 40. Then they just have them come off and then new guys go out for, so I was on stage the whole time. Yeah. And then so we were on stage for individual routine. Then there was comparison rounds, then there's symmetry rounds that's three and then we were, and then over 40 and then over 35. And then it was finals later, came out and did the routine. Yeah. And then waved and then waved. So it's a totally, I think, seven or eight times I was on the stage before. On Friday. And then the Saturday, it was just pre-judging individual routine, which I don't even remember if I did it or not. I don't remember much about what happened yesterday. And then it came back for the finals. That's killer. So I don't think after I, again, I don't know the phrase as I'm a little naive, but like car blow to like you're trying to like obviously to plead as much right before, how are you doing that if you're going to stay in seven? Well, I drove from Michigan with no water, no salt, no food. Just to like cut. I'm sorry, if I'm not really learning to get dry and hard work so that I can make weight. And so I ended up coming at 173. And then we tried to load me back up and that failed. Because there's no way to really suck all the way down and then have it. Because some people can, but my body doesn't do that. Once you pull the water out of me, unless you put water in, we can't put cards in and actually get glycogen very easily. I don't get full after I foot get flat. I just stay flat. So how do you, how do you ever time that? You just don't. I guess. So that's, so the thing is, is there's a show in two weeks. Yeah. So we're going to reverse into the show in two weeks. And then hopefully I'll be fuller for that one. And then I got to show a week after that in Daytona. So we're going to drive from here, we're immediately going to drive up to newer leams. Yeah. Then to Houston, then to Dallas, then to San Antonio. Road trip, owner. Yeah. And then we're going to compete in Santonio. Then I'm going to drive all the way back to Daytona. Okay. And then if I don't get the height three times, if for whatever reason, we blow it one of those times, then I have to go to Denon Georgia on the fourth. Good Lord. So that's how we really taxing on the body. Obviously right? I'm having a blast. I'm having a blast. This is because I got my best friend with me. And we get to shoot content. I got to see you guys. We got to flavor test to get road trip around the South. Yeah. It's so much fun. Just a Florida gas station's wild. Oh, the people in Florida are wild, man. I love it here, though. We have our own charm. Everything's different. There's a wall wall gas station up here. I'm wildly different. I want to buy a lot of it. Well, well, it's basically like buckies on math. I love wall wall. I only been to a buckies once. All right. So these where we're going to put these with these fingers from the side for now. All right. Cool. All right. I'm going to taste this one. That is way better. Here. Okay. You took a big golf. You like that? Yeah. Yeah. It's good. Way better. I think it could be sweeter. A little sweeter, a little bit more flavor. Okay. I'm a front end or the back end for the sweeteners. Front. Back end more sweeteners. Both. I want front end back on sweetness and more flavor on the front end. Okay. Yeah. Thanks, Jeremy. I had a friend. We'll back to the trails when I was in the previous company a long time ago. A lot of guys compete. And I obviously didn't. But I was like observing and just watching and everyone's bodies are so different. Like they would, and they got me using the wrong phrases, but they would try to reload or like fill out before show. And they would all either the same time. Like six of them are competing together. And one of them just completely over blue it and looked like just super watery and like the other one. Like it was, it did these acts same protocol. Which everyone guys spilled over and went over. One look super. Like didn't look full. One looks great. And look that must be so frustrating. It's been a small week. 16 weeks killing yourself doing this exact prep every calorie is specifically meticulously planned. And then four hours before the show. Oh, this I think it took a right. Okay. They're eating rice cakes or whatever. And like well, you spilled over your time that you were 45 minutes off. Do you remember in gladiator when the gate won't comes up? Yeah. And the dude runs out and just takes a maze to the face. Like that product. And he just boom and he's in the dirty dead. That's basically what it's like 90% of the 90% of the time you will prepare for a year straight. You will just blow it the last day. You'll be on stage. You're not dead. But you you looked amazing 12 hours ago. Or you looked amazing six hours ago. Or you look amazing 12 hours later. But at the moment when it matters, you look like dog shit. Yeah. Which has to happen. Because otherwise everyone would have a figured out. Right. It probably would make it more boring if everyone had a perfect all the time. But I just like like mad at the gathering. Super party in the nerdy card game for a long time. Oh yeah. We flew all the way up the Indianapolis for tournament. And I got there's a lot of variance and the good for your card was Indianapolis that year. I don't remember the year. Jen Conn is probably there. But we went up there. We practiced. We played Did a bunch and I just went up there and I just drew bad cards. Like this red tail getting managed. Green, Manaflada and I just didn't have it. You just don't have the ability to win. Manaflada. You're running a red white deck. And you got all cablins and all planes. And I'm just like, well, that was a waste of a trip in a waste of a flight. And but it's still fun. That's the game. So it's part of it. Yeah. Dude. That's the fuck. That's where you got to get the red white combination, Manaflada. But that's the thing is I got sick of blowing it on myself. So I hired a coach and he did a much better job. But I just told him the advance. I'm like dude no matter how bad I look. It doesn't matter because it takes dozens of times to learn someone's body. You know, he's like, I always good. I mean, he's like, I can peek you for sure. And I was like, I believe in you. And I believe you believe in you. But no matter what happens, I'm still going to stick with you because I know my body and I know that my body hates peaking and it will be the hardest body to peek ever. And then you're prepped to help you a little bit if you have that mindset going into it. I'm assuming you're a little more prepared for the failures or success. Exactly. Well, the way a lot of people don't look at it, they are afraid to lose. It's like you only have to win once. It's if you look at it like the lottery. You only have to win one time in your millionaire. Just so. That's it. Right. Yeah. So that's your really optimistic way. I don't have it. Everyone's so afraid to lose that they don't even try. Or they show up to one show. And a lot of guys think their hot shit at the state level, they do a national show, they come in dead last and they quit. I literally came dead last three times in one day just now. And then I came dead last the fourth day. And I'm super excited to go get my ass beat again in two weeks. It's a really good and really positive attitude. Is that a lot of the friends and people on you in that space? A few of them do keep competing and I'm sure it's for the same reason. Right. And they just and they do get better and eventually it just takes one that's good. Yeah. There is so much of I'm my plate. Like I my fucked up my midsection control that the past two years I hand a leg training wrong trying to have my glutes kept smaller so my quads look bigger. Yeah. But then all the skin is loose. So it just looks like I'm fat. It's not fat. But it looks like I've had bad conditioning because the glutes used to be shredded and now they're not shredded they're soft. And it's because I gave up my glutes to make my legs look bigger. Yeah. But the legs got smaller too. So we're just going to go back. There's a lot that goes into it. It's very meticulous. I'm going to go back to the old way of training legs, the way I built my legs in the first place, go back to pull ups because that's what did my back adjust us. As soon as I started doing pull ups three weeks ago my back started coming right back. Interesting. Yeah. It's a good body like that. You like it. So my back legs is my glutes and I love Smith swatting and I've been doing these fancy squats where your heels are elevated and doing and it's just never really agreed with my knees and I don't feel the outer sweep. I just feel the near the knee. But when I do Smith squats it's just my legs level. And so we're just going to go back to the Smith squats. It works or? Yeah. How are you doing these? You're laying around? Probably on the open just that one. We have to keep three or four for a lot of holds. So what I wanted to do is wondering if we could crack this bad boy open and taste it relative to that because ideally they had to taste the same because they're the same flavor. I know they won't come out the exact with the same things different ingredients. Yeah. I think I don't know how I agree with that. It depends with ingredients are because there could be something ingredient and it's berserk or testing there right? There could be one ingredient in here that throws everything off. I know for sure. We can try next to each other first. Yeah because this is to me you guys that's such a good job. Most people don't believe there's no sugar. They can't believe how good this tastes. So if this is a 10 out of 10 in flavor and it's supposed to be the same flavor then if we come a 7 that's good enough for me. Yeah I get it. We should definitely try the next to each other. Yeah. Flavoring is also come along way. Flavor house is that we use to keep getting better. Are you familiar with Harry Potter at all? Like they have this shrinking that called butter beer? Oh okay. Yeah. She wore it definitely. Yeah. We made a butter beer flavor product. You remember I mean we did the panel of nerdy. We're like I knew as much about like we did. I spent a nerdy a couple years. I knew as much about Star Wars as Adam. I knew as much about Indian D like metal. Yes. Yeah. I haven't even noticed this at all. We had a client that she who like Harry Potter a gamer focused product and then the butter beer flavor was incredible. Yeah. It was spot on. I was just at I was just at the wizarding world of Harry Potter with Kai and there was butter beer but I couldn't trick it. Nope. Not a great idea. Yeah. We went all the way to LA the best Mexican food in the world and I didn't have any Mexican food. Now we're driving through nori leaves and I'm not okay. I think I looked at one thing I can have and it's gonna be and do lose sausage and cage and chicken gumbu or something. It'll be delicious. That's the my one meal for the month. I haven't had an off-plan meal in 24 weeks. Six months of hard diving. It's less you can have one of the banyas. The banyas, they're spot weird. Some wrench word. They're this slurrent to a croissant or a basket with powder sugar. Your famous and I don't know. No, it'll probably destroy your, what you're going for with their delicious. No. Actually they're horrible. Don't worry about it. They're not good. Tell me about your guitar. Is that looks like a L.S. Paul? Yeah. So the one in the left. I just G. Yeah. That was my dad's. This was your dad's. Yep. That's a 72 I think. It was a junior model and it was really bad so they just continue to okay. But it's more than the one on the right was my first guitar. All right. That looks like English youngs one. Everybody is used in less Paul at some point. But I'm still jamming and hanging out with some friends. We keep this out of trouble and it's a healthy habit. It's the great of juice this long. Do you want to tell the audience about your adventure? So we're very proud of it. People that are outside of the space probably will be bored of tears. But we had our first year of insotted in March of this year and we passed. We were very excited. Me and the quality girl we actually teared up a little bit because of this is a long time coming. And it was pretty difficult. There's 244, 2564 different points they check you on. And each point is it's not out of 100, but it is. So like if you're off it's 1.0 out of 100 even those 2564. So each each section is worth quite a lot and we passed. We did it really well and we've gotten like the mid 80s or something high 80s. And then likely in our next Ottawa probably in the mid 90s which is the most companies end up always going to find something. But we did pretty well. It was really stressful. Just to be put to the test like that it was our first show so to speak. It was really our first time to step up to the plate. So long back it was actually a lot of easy that we thought it would be. We just had a lot of preparation because we really wanted to be tight. So it's six months of really dedicated prep. So I think you started in the middle. So this is like an FDA approval. Yeah it's a more strict. Yeah so your offense is a third party auditing company. What they do is they are tracking they're called good manufacturing practices. And the FDA wants companies to be in this food space to be compliant following good manufacturing practices. Companies like Amazon, Vitamin Shop, GMC, Walmart, Online Store they require manufacturers to have a third party certificate showing that you guys have done them in March we passed. All right here we go. That was way better. Kai come here. Please tell me what you think. Oh yeah. Yeah like that. His way better. Yeah. So Jeremy. Since this is. He's like a pre-worked out. No. Since this is the gold standard and everyone loves that. You might if we put some of this in some water just so I can compare this one to the gold standard. Thanks buddy. You did a great job with this. This is state fantastic. I just want to make sure I catch you on film how good the difference is. See what you usually do. You do a full scoop and 8 ounces or you can do the top of the scoop. I usually do one scoop in 20. Full scoop in 20. Yeah. So half scoop in 10. Okay. Normally would take like months would go back and forth and it would never come up this way. We've got a lot better testing too. Our flavor testing. So yeah so that was the elephant thing. We got our certificate. And then we got right in the mean perspective by the FDA a month later. The director quality she called me one morning like eight the morning. She's like hey there's a guy clipboard here. And like all it's the electrician. No big deal. We've had an outlet that went out. Because I don't think it is. And she'll give the FDA and because of what's happened the pack. I got a little nervous and everything but we did better with the FDA audit than we did with our girlfriends audit. Which was refreshing. So that's final risk. And this is basically a confronting. And the secretary of friends she takes better than the funders. That's what we want. Awesome. Kai come here. You see if you can tell what you think. Yeah it's better. Holy shit. That's in 11. And also I've figured it ended up combining pretty well. Let's try it. This is the whole point right. Let's do it. This is now the full monty. The stem and the pump. Yeah it's fucking awesome. Feels like there might be something missing. On them combined. Individually they're fixed so it doesn't go bad. I think it's just because I make mine way more dilute than the way Jeremy normally makes it. And so that's why it seems like it's missing something. Is it diluted it? Yeah if I made the Fedrose stronger it might combine better. Yeah that's the only difference. How much did you put like grant per water of the visitor? So this was the visitor? The visitor I did are two scooping eight ounces. Right where would that's a 5.7 gram scoop right? Yeah. Right and then this is a 20 grams scoop in 20 ounces. 20 and 20 is a one to one. This is 5.7 and a launch it is do 5.7 of be a visitor or like 5 of a be a 50 of the Fedrose and what would that be? 16 ounces of water? There isn't sound right. Does it? Well that would be like one to two. No it's not. What you do to the math because I know you can figure that out. What you trying to do you kind of get the same ratio as the Fedrose usually is for you? No I'm just we basically I make the Fedrose so much more dilute than you made the Bizzaker. So we want to have the same ratio of powdered salt. Just so I would probably make the Fedrose less diluted. Right exactly. More concentrated with the Fedrose but whatever he did that's perfect we don't have to change nothing that third iteration was perfect. Did you see the container started all I sent you? The reason why that didn't work before is because people were complaining that they didn't want the Thor's hammer and the Tussbooster they wanted to just buy the Thor's hammer or just by the Tussbooster. Same thing with battle made intra and post. People didn't want just the one just the intra or just the post they didn't want to be stuck with both. So with that hide thing it was two containers in one that's assuming they're always going to do a one to one ratio but the whole point of this is that they have control over what ratio they got. Was that like a split bubble? It's really cool looking him trainer marketing wise it'll go well but we'll get so much negative feedback I just don't want to deal with the fallout because I played that game a lot of years to make sure they should be happy what they do tend to find to find something to to complain about or be unsure about especially something on your body I think they do. Especially if you give options options they freak out. That is the cool container that's definitely different. But what's going to happen is they're going to get halfway through they're going to get to all the way through one and not through the other and then they're not going to want to buy it because they're going to single be wasted money. The senders will have any more of the pressure at your head. Okay so this is the fundraise and then we need to put the bezirker. Yeah we need more pressure to do that. I guess I want to work out after this with all the no. I'm going to drive around south Florida. I'm not hydrated enough yet. I'm afraid I'll hurt my legs. Basically I was going to drive up to St. Petersburg where Derek Lundsford has a gym that's all new tack from Korea. So I want to use the Korean lucky equipment but I don't know if we'll make it in time before they close. Very good for it is heavy, right? Like the earthen. He's one of the Olympia recently. Oh nice. Did he win the 2024? No. Samson Doubtal Win closes at 8 p.m. There's no way we'll make it to 8 to 4 hours. No we'll have a one hour to lift. Plus we've got stuff to do here. They were at Bucketton at the door. I mean in theory we could sleep there you know and then hit it in the morning before we head out and try to make it to Houston all at one after we lift in the morning. They've got new Chuck stuffing and Texas. It's not like this is the last chance I have to use this equipment. We can hit it on the way back too and we go to Daytona. Okay and this is fine rice and this is dessert. Perfect. Yeah I'm happy this whatever this final flavor is. It's perfect. All right cool now I guess tour the facility. Let's walk around a little bit. So similar to how we had our coconut creek we tried to do everything in a loot. Right ideally we don't want an ingredient ever going backwards. Okay we don't that risk for crossing contamination or mixed up a lot of the times we're going back and forward. So everything comes in here and then this whole section is a quarantine section. Okay the left side of the quarantines for outbound. If it's overflowing from over here and then the right side is the inbound quarantine. Okay so the reason we quarantine ingredients and it's essentially just a check right we check my macro organisms before they get we actually we just do we just do micro right before it's done there's multiple levels of it if we have a new vendor we're testing a lot of their things for my Crohn stuff on the inbound. Once you have a good relationship with them and enough of their things have passed that testing. We only do micro on the outbound at the saves time and in money but we do test everything that comes in. Make sure it is what it says it is and then we also look for bug right like rice flour can have bugs sometimes. We really don't use rice flour too much anymore but sometimes the packages are pierced. Something could have happened during shipping. We have to make sure we got the right amount so here it stays until QC actually inspects it gets the result once that happens we take ingredients from here and we have lots of racks and ingredients down this way. Right now there's a lot of stuff all over the place because we're growing. We moved here last September year ago and we're already out of space so we're trying not to move again we're trying to find nearby area this for storage but there's more storage on that side there's more storage over here sort of all the same thing so this is we call this area the staging area. There's a grid which we have to really like the taped on every few months because they're getting teetin up but the left side is where we have like before we start a blend this is where we stayed at the ingredients for a job we have 16 grids or 16 spots on the floor. Really we need about 32. Again we're out of space so sometimes things go higher than you want to but we're working we're just trying to work nights and we can to catch up with the warm and can. Once your job is saved we end up mixing in our mixer room back here we also do our pharmacy or pre-wing in the back. Okay so here this is a blend. This is so cool. Yeah. Have you ever seen one of these before cut? So this is called a V-bundered. We like to use a V-bundered versus a there's other kinds of under-driven lenders and things like that. V-bundered is a really good workhorse for us. It doesn't really good job in mixing ingredients and keeping products on modernists. So can you explain to me how does this work before? Sure. So we load ingredients typically in this side. Okay and then there are there are agitators inside of here and this blender spins running away from 45 minutes to an hour and a half it depends on the ingredient profile. Okay and the quantity of ingredients. Next word Jeremy comes in the play. Our goal is to make sure that when we're testing the product out we're for testing from the middle of a lot of more top of a barrel. You're getting the same you know cat can perspulke etc. V-bundered specifically this kind of design it's really good at doing that. There are other blunders that are bigger that look like almost like a bathtub with a lot of like agitators and what they don't do is good of a job. Mixing things they also introduce heat to him and when you add heat to something it's bad. Okay so for example I ordered let's say 500 fenders. Yep. How many of those 500 made with one iteration of this? I do have a kilogram. So this fits about 370 to 400 kilograms. I'm going to try how many kilograms of bottle of fenders. That's a good point. So if you're serving is 20 grams and there's 40 servings per container. It's 800 grams. So it's 0.8 kilograms. Yep. So that would mean 3700 times. 296 bottles per cent. Okay so it took you two tries. It took to do a bottle of it. It would have made more sense for me to order more in the inner. If I order 80 versus ordering 500. Yes. So in the future you'll tell me how many of you want me to order and I'll write what you want rather than that. Yeah. I said will aim for that? Yeah exactly. Because if we tell you 500 units there's a lot of efficiency loss there right? Right of course. If we have to do a whole other wonder spend a whole other batch right right of whole other clean right. It's a little bit more 80 units right? Right. Yeah. It goes the other way too though. Like sometimes it's just over the amount. We want to actually be able to sell you less. Right. We don't want to do 2.1 wonder spend as we want to do exactly. So in the future we will base it off of your production timetable and some arbitrary number exactly. All right. And then our independence. Yeah. This is the wonder room. This one gets cleaned before everyone. The weekend is usually days your work nights and they come in here so it's a little little, it's quite a source little stickier right now. They probably are in a sticky formula. So other than you and Adam and Jeremy and Maria how many people work here? 42. You went up. Now when I first met you guys there was just like three of you right? There were like well then there's a whole lot with the production and stuff I think when you were there last time was like 12 12 12 to 14. And now you've got 46 people 42. That's awesome. Yeah. It's a lot. Very important for very happy with that. Didn't realize it until we did a, I had to do an org chart update the other day. And we're going through all the employees and like this can't be right. On my RPA rule system says 42. Is it really this big? But we have an interior and our in-house graphic designer now. We have a quality department which now has gone from two people to four. We have an R&D department we created. We have our blending team is going from two people to four to now with the six will be six in a few days. We're actually more efficient for it. So it's good. Hopefully the business keeps coming. Our customers are happy. We try to, we're all lightning not. Not necessarily because we make stuff quicker than others, though we tend to, but we just try to pick up the phone. If you reach out we just try to respond. And I think that's really what our, our competitive advantage is. No matter what time of day or night I text Adam he ends. He's probably going to respond. And then he also, if I call him on the phone he answers, it's wonderful doing business with you guys. We have to have an advantage somewhere and we can go a little bit faster. We can maintain the quality standards the most others do. They huge pharmaceutical companies like we're not there yet, but not yet. We're GNPSR's wife. We're at the end of the year. We can get a girlfriend and your friends. So to clarify earlier, you said 85. But it's not 85 out of 100 really. It was 80. It was a two in 25 out of 50. I think the actual grade score percentage was like a 96. 96%. If you did that way, but it's, and so that we're happy with it. We understand what it is. It's also a very first score. Now, do you guys do third party testing? We do. Yeah. So up to the client. I don't want to do it, but yeah. So if you could, could you do third party testing for me? I'm a Bizarre Cuffer. Yeah. Absolutely. We can go to that with you. I'm like, pick which ingredient you want or the whole profile. Right. Just want to be able to show the customers because we have a QRC code on that label for Ideally, I want people to pick out their phone, scan it and see third party that nothing's in there that's not supposed to be in there. And everything that's supposed to be in there is in there at the amount you say there is. There's actually a really cool company we just started working with. I don't know if I want to say to anyone, camera, they're okay with it. They're actually called light labs just by coincidence. They work with brands, more so than manufacturers, to where they have a back and then like if you have a Shopify store for example, you can put in what the QR code is, what the, and it automatically puts the testing results on the page. Let's take us to our scan. It completely, it has that really built in super well. All right. And they do the testing themselves as well. So you can do that as them as not. And you can talk to them. Yeah, Jennifer will figure it all out. Yeah. But I know that that's something that me and Jennifer wanted to do for you. Yeah. They started off doing the bone bath proteins. I'm not a single one in the bone. Sorry, the bone broth and stuff. These see in Whole Foods. Yeah, it's college and kettle. I think what's named Kettle and something. They're one of the really popular bone broth. So I'm going to show you that. But they were really big. Then they got into testing and then they offered dietary supplement testing. So we're who started working with them in the summer and we're trying to like scale it up a bit. Honestly, it's mostly for customers that have a web presence that like look, we test every lot. Here's how you can see it. Here's where it is. You have a portal on the back and so you can see what they're results are. Yeah. That's really cool. Great. So there's any fields that yeah. So after blending depending if we're doing an encapsulation job or if we're doing a serve job. So for the one for the Todd Lee MD supplement line, we're doing encapsulation. Right. You're doing a heart product and stuff. Yeah. So that would go to one of these three rooms. Okay. Yes, sure. One of these. This one is probably a little, they're in the middle of cleaning it. This is why there's a ran wrap everywhere. Because we don't want to get anything in the top of the head. Okay. So this is the encapsulator. Again, this room is currently undergoing a cleaning that's hence the ran wrap. It looks like a air wash dexter. Mm-hmm. The kill rooms in the dexter show. Yes, of course. There we go. The new season. I did. Actually, the analogous come out two days ago. I don't want to ruin it for you. Okay. It's been what yeah, I was busy. Yeah. I couldn't watch it. But yeah, there's the new series is actually good. I was, I don't like anything. I'm very critical. A middle series sucked. I love north. Yeah. But the one in New York is a good one. They did a good job. Yeah. So this is our baby machine. Um, we this is East beer workforce. It still is a workforce in away. This is the semi-automatic over here. But these are for the smaller jobs. It's where we are in deep pilots. If a job doesn't run well in one of the big boys, we'll put it over here. And this usually gets the job done, which is slower. Not as efficient. The bigger machines are in these next room. All right. Cool. This one looks like Mexico, which means they probably just ran something when we see it. It was a little cleaner. We were talking about that that red re guys filter. It's just the director. You just put a filter that's yellow and he's you. I don't know if he all like Mexico and this is one of the bigger machines. Sorry again. We're, we're in the middle of a clean right now over the weekend. It still looks cool. But can you get closer? Yeah, you can get closer to it. They're going to have to clean it and sanitize it again. So the first machine we looked at was about 72,000 capsules per hour. These are 2225,000 capsules per hour. So they're much faster. The downside is the cleaning takes significantly longer. So which one is back in the day we used to make our own VMP capsules. Yeah. And we had this house that was just making VMP and you would put the capsules 50, 5 by 10. And then you would just pour the DNP and rice flour. We had a mix it up. So some of the capsules would have a ton of VMP and some of the would have a little more fun. And then just put the capsules on. And then your hands would be all like yellow and you start sweating walls for like three weeks because it gives in your pores. And we're like, this is not a smart move. No. It's tricky. That's why we hire professionals to make. Yeah. We don't make DNP anymore, but it's why I hire professionals to make products rather than make it myself. That was just really dirty. I don't want to go in there. That's the nice looking one because it's all put together. But it's really dirty right now. Well, it's where in between I'm not sure where the powder fills the air is finished. It's finished the multivitamin. So it's why. But so after something in capsulades, we come over to this side. And this is essentially the cue for the packaging room. It's a little bit overflowing over here just because we're running out of space. But here we have five different lanes on the floor. They correlate with the job number system on the TV for the packaging rooms. And there's just jobs lying in and out of here for the into package next. Did the long video? Kirkman come in for the liver capsules? If you don't know a lot of that. Yeah, I'm okay. Because I remember that was the big hang up on the liver because that was like 8,000 for just that ingredient because my liver is switched cheese right now after all these shows. And I've got a few more to go. So he was going to try to get me some samples to keep me alive for the rest of the month. And what's the long video? Yeah. It's the only Kirkman that's actually biologically available. Spare no expense. Get the highest quality stuff even if you're mergers or shit because you need to live. That won't know. I just not know if that means we need to get track of all that. So in here, this is the packaging room. Cool. Do you want to understand what we're actually running a job? When we're running a job, when it's nice and just, like, between right before we run a smells nice in all the powders. I can't have a painting of it telling anyone. So it's like kind of like Captain Candy. That means they probably let's try this machine in the middle of clean with nothing covered. We ran a powder. We swap around to what we're going. We either line one or line two. We have machines that's currently taken out for commission to either be cleaned. This is the capsule line. They covered it because they recently cleaned the actual machines. Right. But over here, this machine does around depending on the capsule's for bottle for 90 count. We're hitting around 24 bottles per minute. Wow. And it flies. It keeps things going. So it would be like if there is 240 bottles, I guess capsules in a bottle, then you do how many bottles per minute? For 90 counts, it's about 22 to 24 for 240. It doesn't directly lower. So it would be a little, it's not going to be a third. But it's not going to be like 60 capsules a second. That means it's like that. It's up there. It's a long time. A minute. So it's like two cat. What's the map on that? So it's 90 per minute? Yeah, no, you're. So yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It flies. There's 12 channels on it. So it's jumping 12 capsules at a time. Multiple times per second. Mike crowding them. Sorry. We can only move at the camera. So fast. No, it's a focus. I learned my lessons. That Kai's job is way harder than it looks. My job's easy. I just talk. So on this, I let me put one of the labels, a layer of pork. I remember this machine. This is the cool machine. Yeah, so this is the fun. So this is where the labeling happens. Yeah. Go down here to the shrink tunnel. So that's that heats up the shrink on the top. So this sleeve. And this is some bit of a sum out. And then this is where someone physically takes them. Here all the forms. It's a product, huh? Yep. In normal, like I said, we have two lines running. It depends. The rights are powder. The left is four capsule in a normal shift for packaging around six eight thousand models. Wow, which is gotten better at it. We'll try to figure out is we actually actually have this sort of relationship we got here today is we don't necessarily need something bigger. We might need a smaller set of machinery. So if a job, for example, is only five hundred bottles or a thousand bottles instead of running it on the giant line that does six thousand instead of buying a whole other one of those, do you just buy an actual smaller line that's more efficient for them? Because because of cleaning everything requires. So we're just doing an app on a giant line. Hard to help. It's a thousand. I think that a quarter of a thousand for a heart health. I think for the liver because of the like video was so expensive. I had to only start the first one with 500. Yeah. Because I'm FDA wise. I can't make claims. However, I'm confident that this would be good at treating real issues for the liver at the maximum dose. So I don't think we're going to need to sell that many. And my fingers crossed if it works like I think it's going to, we won't have repeat business. All of treated their liver with one bottle and they hopefully won't make the same mistake that fucked up their liver in this in the first place. So hopefully we won't need more than 500 bottles because that means we'll have cured 500 people. This means I just asked you to be careful with the phrase. Right. I know. Yeah. Yeah. Because you can't make claims. Can't treat her carrying. Yeah. No. But the ingredients included have been shown in studies to do a certain thing. Obviously you have to test the combined product to make the claim. Yeah. And if you have a product that's very effective too, like correct those 500 people minor in order, but they'll talk to their friends about it. Well, they might get something else. Or they might or my wife something like that. They might hurt health because they're cholesterol. Like, well, it fixed my liver. Now I got to fix my cholesterol. Yeah. Limer is always liver products. Always seem to mean a man too. Right. Because people want to use a prophilatically. Yeah. But this is going to be better than that. I think this is going to be good for corrections. I remember Adam was going over with me because Adam really started getting to the formula of a chair. I mean more than I did. And he was like the liver product I thought. Like I said, it was pretty insane. It was just put it turned up. Yeah. It was it's absurd. It's like maybe I put in like five times as much of the lump video that anyone else has on the market because it's so expensive. But it's got a lot of really good. Well, we one thing I've started doing is more like the business side for us. And I don't have to do with you because we've already built a relationship with I sort of interview new companies we work with and we're trying to figure out who do we want to put our effort into. I don't know if it sounds like we're like cold appreciate that. And it's not like we found the clients who actually care about what they're putting in their panel. And I just like put whatever and it will just do a TikTok marketing plan. What's just fine? That's okay. But like the likelihood of you reordering this low. Right. Right. You don't believe in it. You're just trying to do a quick hit and run. We don't really make a lot of money on the first run, especially with the R&D efforts put in and figuring out the label and going back and forth and AB testing. We start making money on the second, third, and fourth runs. That's when we're getting good at making it as well. So we have a client like you that's actually like all right. Want to make this right. How do we really do this? These are clinically proven ingredients. You got to get it. Not only is it refreshing and it's just moral and ethical. You're right. You're making medicine that you can't even call medicine because of FDA rules. But the goal is that it's medicine. You're making it in effect a product. Yeah. And so that did also to you like we just know we're likely going to have a long term relationship. So it helps us a lot. I mean that, I'm not it's not like a bit of a camera or anything, but we just really like working with people. I really believe in their products. Appreciate you. I appreciate you believing in me and taking a leap of faith in me in the first run to help me get off the ground. Remember that two years ago? But it was good. I remember the product tastes good. I think, remember tasting the cherry upstairs at the last place. And you liked it a lot. And I tasted this one actually just now before we got here today. And it was like it's so much better. Yeah. And I thought the last one was really good. Right. I did. But it just shows how we've also improved over the last few years. Yeah. It's getting better. Our stuff. It's exciting. Cool. I can't wait. So we got the TLMD supplements line and we've already ordered two, but I came up with 14 for that line. Yeah. And then this is the fifth product for Valhalla last. Yes. So pretty much after this is out, we're just going to be reordering. So what we've already got. But my plan is every 20 to 30 days putting another order in. It's slowly building up the ground. Yeah. It's the other brand. And it becomes easy, especially like when the first ones are successful. You know, to get the cash flow to help thank all the new ones and stuff like that. The excitement from the customer sitting in your product coming out. Right. I'm marketing bit. You get the deal. Like if you're doing a new product every month. That's the idea. We figure after three weeks to a month, people get sick of the ad. So it's time to have a new ad. So that's why we're rolling out each product every three to four weeks. So the next one is the S men's estrogen. And then I want to do probably the multivitamin. Then there's the sleep one, which I'm going to call coma. And then there'll be eventually there'll be the female estrogen control. And then there's cancer shield, which is the last one because it's going to have self-ferafane. And that should be expensive. And not 100 degrees. So fear of fame. Every bottle, just a self-ferafane is $14. It's the most expensive ingredient in the world. Very much. Like I had to order some for myself. A bottle of 30 caps was $90. Oh, yeah. And I can beat them. But I can sell the same exact product on my label for probably $30. That's wild. I'll never make it. I can be profit. But I can at least make sure everybody is beginning to affect the product. Yeah. That's it. That's the, all right, go ahead. So we're back up front to the loop. All right, let's, we got to get it stuff. And then we get to hit the road to try to get to New Orleans by nightfall. I mean, not nightfall by some point. Before I fast up in the wheel, I got to get somewhere. You guys trade off driving. No, we got he doesn't like driving a Tesla. And the car drives itself. So I have a, I do have a Tesla too, but I can all out of the people drive. It's just weird. Except I can't. I have a control issue with it. I just have to feel like I'm the one driving. I've been on my computer. You know, it's, I've sent a rental. I can let him drive. But I'm the years. Oh, the car, the Tesla. I don't know if you run it. I get your hand. You know, I drove it down here from shorting. Cool. Yeah. All right. Cool. I'm so hungry. I just fucking killed that. I'm still hungry. I'm ready to check in this place and spend two hours unpacking so that we can sleep for eight hours and then spend two hours packing. Such a pain. Yes. We're going to sleep. It can still Florida because I wasn't getting able to make it without eating again. And it's now that I just ate. I didn't expect that break down even now. I wanted to unpack it to place, eat the meal, then go immediately and about, but that's not happening. So we're going to walk in, unpack what we need to for the night. Go to sleep, wake up, get back on the roads. This is the sound right. Why? I don't know. This is the sound right. Yeah. It shouldn't be 81 miles. It should be. Also, it appears to be mapping us to a supercharger. Right. So that's whatever staying. I mean, if I could eat whatever I want, I could just drive for 30 hours straight enough. I'll probably get it done on one day. All right. Home sweet home for one night. But at least we're not. This will be way easier to load the car in the morning. Yeah, we're going to go and we have a table here just to stick shivon. So we don't even have to completely unload it. So much nicer. And that we can leave that open without worrying about bugs. Make holes this door. This is a really nice place. 208 bucks. That ain't shit. No, that's really not bad at all. Dude, it's a fuck. Why? If there's a plan of fitness in here, I almost feel like not even fucking leaving and just spending a week here. Guys, fucking nice place. This is so nice. God damn dude, this was two hundred and nine. How dangerous is this fucking area? It's not the hood. There's nothing here here. Look, they even put some gatories. Let me see if there's a plan of fitness because if there isn't a plan of fitness, that's the problem. Plan it. Fitness. Oh shit, there's no Wi-Fi. There, either, yeah, there is. We don't know what it is though. Yeah, no, I screwed shot at it. It's a best day, GNV closed, gamesville. All right, ones that open. 5 a.m. Monday. Yeah, and then where is it located? Directions. It's 10 minutes away. So I have to drive 10 minutes too fast to cardio, but we can actually get a leg workout in. There might be other gyms in the area, but let's get the shit out of the car. There should have been an extra rice container, but I'm not seeing it. I must not, here's the tuna. Here's my can of tuna. And here is this, we chilly thing. Tomorrow we make rice. Here is a package of rice. Here is this and here's some salt. So I can make rice tomorrow morning. This is not belong here. This belongs here. This is your phone. All right, these are going to get in the way. I don't know what this camera thing is. This is supposed to start. Where is the can opener at? Let's see if I remember to pack one. Here you go. So they chicken scissors here. I brought mine. I need to plate. Oh my god, they even lay a bit. Dishes are. God fucking damn it. Nothing might hate more than shitty can opener. That's why my own can opener. I just don't know where it is. What is the fucking toilet of a can opener that doesn't open cans? Where did I pack that fucking can opener? You gotta be fucking kidding me. There we go. Come on, you motherfucker. Nope. All right. What is this? This is a good thing that first Abe's there, it's how she just can't open the rice. What, did you cut your hand? No, I'm gonna cut off. Yeah. You know that people watch me and I can't cut your hand. What the fuck? It pieces of shit. It should be careful. There's gonna be some content in the comment section. It's gonna whine about how I'll... Well, they're gonna be like, oh, you don't need to scissors like that. And then they see that when I can use it to get into a cannon, an emergency. I packed all brand new set of canoberers. We go through about one week because they're not made very well. Alright, these are going in the trash. Just how dare they provide this crap. Now I gotta figure out where I put my onion and the salt. This is such a messy. This plate sucks because it's no lip to it. This is gonna take a while. I'm gonna give up for now because of how bad this fork is in this plate. And I'm gonna look for the other ingredients. Quack, honey, this goes over here. Alright, so before I eat, I'm gonna have to take all my pills first. Otherwise, the pills get stuck in my throat and I need the food to shove them down. So I don't even know why I started preparing this meal. Alright, so I gotta get other stuff out of the car. Alright. So this is this, this is this. This goes with this. So that meal is almost complete. I need to find the onion powder. I need to find the salt grinder. And I don't know where the onion powder is. But that's one ingredient. I think I'm gonna live without it. Let's get the tossed. Alright. Alright, these are gonna go in my bathroom. These are medications. That's my inhaler. This does not belong open. Alright. That's gonna go over my patient now. I wish this light turned out. It does. There. Okay. None of this shit is necessary. We're gonna get rid of this. We don't need the fatty food out in the open. I don't know where the fuck this is gonna go. But it doesn't belong on the table. It's in the fucking way. There. That's how the fuck it went now. Alright. Good. Alright. So this is night time. This time. night time. night time. Day time. Night time. Day time. night time. Dark time. night time. DeTech ray terminal geachi ray Multatoon geachi ray In the right time In the right time This is right time This is state paradise This is light time This is state time Little Do it again, do it again, do it again, make sure you're done. All right, we need to cut. Oh, we need two cups. One, two, right. Let's just tear it up inside the way. It's not out of the way. Okay. This there's no purpose. Okay. Today. One, two, three, four. One, two, where's the box right there? All right. This is a point to ask with the fatties. Of course, you know what? Let's see, what's it will ask? See it's funny, women like to fill space with a bunch of useless shit that gets in a way. I would if this is not efficient with a bunch of flowers and crap all over the place that I have to move. And they're looking at us right now with cameras and she's throwing a fit and he's like, honey, he's not breaking anything. He's just moving quickly. Sorry, you think they're watching us with camera? Absolutely. Absolutely. Because only a woman would make it so nice, which she puts chocolate out, because only a woman would think that making people fat is nice. A man would never put chocolate out. I'd be like a foam roller on the floor. We want to take one, we're five fucking stick all of them. Here's something you know, is that? No, it's home in. It's enough to not cut a horse. You'll sleep in the car all day tomorrow anyway, so it doesn't matter. I'll wake you up when we get to New Orleans. I want to sleep in the car if I don't take a shit-loom of sleep drive. The thing was, you don't go to sleep at all if you don't take this. I need you to go to sleep so that you can actually function. I'm going to put you on my sleep schedule this trip so that you can go to bed at a reasonable hour and wake up at a reasonable hour. There's no advantage to being an external. Time to get you. Let's go back in the car now. One pillow. Fucking weirdos. There are hundreds of fucking pillows. See, no man would do that. Waste all that space with a bunch of pillows. All right. So I need our strip. Charger, now I need the power strip. Power strip. All right. This goes here. Oh, God damn it. Oh, you even have it. What happened? These stupid assholes, they put these things here. Okay, the outlets over here. Stupid assholes covered the outlet. And then they have these end tables that servo purpose. Let's move this shit out of the way. Oh, here's a power strip right here. Cool. All right. Oh. See, if they didn't put all this crap here, you could just put the mattress up against the wall, have the power strip plugged right in. Brainless. Oh, no one knows how to be fushing. Then you can charge all your devices. Now we need CPAP. All right. So before you take your sleeping pills, you have to set up your sleep shut. Otherwise you won't be able to sleep. All right. I'm asking. I'm very familiar with how to use the propels. All right. CPAP. So I'm power. Get this out of here. All right. Here. Boom. Boom. There we go. But I don't think anybody who watches this is efficient like this. That they know how to break down and get in and out of a place this fast. All right. The what really made this place awesome was the garage that up against the kitchen. We're done. Now we can plug our phone in. We can plug in our speaker. All right. Where are they? Where are they? Nope. All right. We can put the speaker in the phone. Two and speaker. Should be in here then. Here's phone two. So speaker must be here too. Here's speaker. All right. Done. Someone says it takes two hours to do this. That person's stupid. There's not too much to do this. Plug this in. This one in. There we go. Power on. There we go. Play bitch. We didn't plug into what's the password for this place. Done. Now we got this taken care of. Sleep mask. All right. All this shit. Done. Tomorrow morning I'll pick it up. All right. Next. Medication. We want to close this shit so some like doesn't get him. Yeah, girl. This burns for that. Whoops. All right. Thanks. And check the bowls. And of course there's a place to go. We're just taking up space to listen to be in here. All right. So we're looking for a set. Well, here we go. That's one. There's a tragedy on it. Trasad on this. There you go. And here's some more set. Well, I'm here for emergencies. All right. That's one, two. Oh, no. Shake your cup is in the car, I think. Yep. Actually, you know, one of these are rich people. Let's see if they get some ice. How about this one? Nope, not that rich. Nope. What water can you pull that off? All right, good. All right. All right. Almost all of this. Black cherry. Good. Oh. It's pretty good. Need salt. I wish I knew where the onion and the parsley was. There is onion parsley and garlic in one of these containers. I don't know which one, but there's a missing. All right, let's see if it's in here. No, let's so often. We're really missing the onion parsley garlic. Where the fuck would that be? Anyway, so this is the morning. This is bedtime. All right. All right. So I think it can charge the dome, Sarah Quills, and eggs. Oh, I'm going to charge a couple hundred miles of time in here. Good. I'm going to go looking for those. Maybe they're in here. Nope. Nope. Nope. Nope. I don't know where it is. Is it in here? Nope. Let me go back and look in the car because there's all the spices in one place. It's missing. All right, so it's parsley, more salt. Here's this onion, my girl. Onion, sweet. All right. All right. Well, we'll start with this shit. Now I can eat. If I had tried to eat, and then I had put all that shit away, would it piss? Onion. One, two, three. This salt grinder can't suck. This isn't the Walmart brand one. This is a knock on a Walmart brand, which is pretty little brow if you think about it. And I keep in mind, I didn't break anything. I was just fast. I reorganized it to make it livable. Because it was, you know, it's like women like weird shit. I like efficiency. That's why me and women don't mix. Because everything's inefficient. All right, so this is very difficult to mix this with this fork. I'm going to keep trying. Normally, you could use light mayo. Oh, where's the fucking scale? God, I love me. I know you're not supposed to say that because in America you're supposed to hate yourself, because everyone's fucking emo. But sometimes I'm crushing myself. I wish my grasp was emo. Men would cut itself. How's that for instance? So notice how like this is not mashing? Because I can't really get the angle right on this. You're almost want to turn that TV on and see if Wednesday will work. Now this is taking forever. Is there a better plate than most? There you go. This is better. This plate sucks as you can't fucking mix shit with this plate. So I turned the dishwasher on. I don't hear it running though. So this didn't turn out. This is the first thing I did when I walked in was turned into this washer. How about you scanning? Yeah. I try to make my turn out. It's now the pills are causing heartbreakers or stuck in my throat. You have to take the pills and then you have to eat immediately after the rest of your heartburns can be seen. All right, you should be all set now. All right, cool. Well before you put the, yeah, pull up Wednesday. And because it was so fucking awful to sound, I couldn't tell what the fuck was going on at that last place. Perfect. All right, I'm probably going to be a little high because you're going to start. I turned it down a lot. Which of 23? No, it's on 47 I think. When? Yeah, let's go to the 23. All right. So because we're not using a fat base for this, I'm going to have to use extra of those. 68, that's a plenty. All right, so we put salt in here. I need a little bit of mustard. Did I put the mustard in here? Nope, where did I put the, where is this? A little bit. So the bitch, he's hunting to John mustard normally, but this is just hunting mustard. Now you gotta be careful with those because they put way too much sugar in this. You gotta just do a little bit there. It's enough. All right. So you're just onion, tied chili. Normally I would use late mayo. Technically this is meal five. I should only have four meals today, but this was next one day. And I didn't really have much of a meal one. Because I was supposed to have a protein shake and I didn't have it. And the first meal was not very much. It was eggs. I hadn't had eggs in six months. So that was like my thing was the free breakfast that came with the hotel. I had a few bites of eggs. I was like the shit's gross. Then I had like the bullshit excuse for yogurt. And that was meal one, which was bullshit. But I wasn't that hungry, we got on the road. I didn't care. So I really only had three normal meals today. All right. So this is what normally I would add some light mayo to this, but I don't have any. I could add oil, but it's not gonna make it any better. It's just gonna add calories. And so, okay, he's gonna dump some footage. And I don't know how long that took me to check in, but I think I was pretty efficient with getting in the door. Now I get to watch my favorite show, which we couldn't watch the last hotel because the sound was so bad. It was impossible to actually make sense of what that even was saying. And I can't read the captions because I'm too blind. And then it's it. Nothing was broken. I know it probably scared some of you. When I tore into that can with the knife, with the scissors and cut through a can with scissors, but I need to get inside this can. And nothing's gonna stop me when I want something. Also, the new and improved label, Jennifer did a great job. Our teased extraordinary. Isn't that cool? Yeah, that's really cool. Here mom does such a good job. Look at that shit. Looks fucking awesome. I'm so impressed with her. I have the best team between Kai, Karina, Jennifer, Ryan. I wouldn't be anything without these five four people. Oh, my legs don't hurt. I haven't been able to squat down like this rapidly and so long. It's because I haven't been legs and days. I gotta do legs tomorrow so I can be in pain. I feel guilty in that being in pain. Dude, this is gonna be great. Doing old-fashioned leg training where my heels can touch. I don't have to just work. I mean, I'm gonna work quad sweet, but if other things grow, all the adductors, the glutes, nothing's off limits. It's gotta bring my old-a-lower body back. All right. All right. Now I'm gonna call it, I'm gonna go down footage.

You're watching Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. Well, hello, everyone. Thank you for tuning in. This is a special episode because we have Dr. Dean St. Mark. Dr. Dean St. Mark has a PhD in is it biochemistry sir and synthetic chemistry? Oh, synthetic chemistry and he is probably the most educated person on the internet discussing the molecular structures of anabolic pharmacology out there and we're going to talk shop. If you guys start getting a nose bleed, you should have some Kleenex on and hand because this is some high-end shit. This is definitely going to be an advanced discussion episode. So without any further delay, why don't you tell us about yourself? Thank you very much for inviting the on-tod. So yeah, as you said, my background was synthetic chemistry and prior to that, I studied pharmacology. So I have a double honors degree in chemistry and pharmaceutical chemistry. And that was sort of what led me into the fascinating worlds of PEDs during my PhD. I got very interested in body building and then when you're in like your early 20s, you're a little bit naive to what's going on in the fitness world, you're reading like muscular development and eventually it started to see that there's a whole order side to body building that applies to performance and hand syndrome and pharmacology. And I guess at that age looking online, obviously forums, it started to develop but it really post on forums, by a very interesting reading what people were saying. And then you started to realize that it was almost like a dark ira to where people were, it was trial and error basically. You see what works, you didn't work until you had some clever people like Dan Dushen, Patrick Arnold guys who started to apply some of the chemistry into the realm of body building and that's sort of where we've seen probably over the last 15 years and a ballic pharmacology's kept to the place that it's been. Yeah, and I would say that you had a huge impact on a lot of the recent developments. Yeah, I mean it was more so you're looking at some of the discussions around psychol set up, dosages described. And it just when we look at pharmacology and dose prescription, obviously what like conventional medicine, most drugs are designed around a standard dose and then you tie trade to dose from the response. That's really how like aloplatic medicine is developed. You study a standard dose and you apply it to everyone and then adjust to under genetics and lifestyle and everything else. And I just found it very interesting that 500 milligrams of testosterone on one person could completely behave differently in the northern person. So you can really apply this as the best cycle that everyone should be doing because it's such an individual response to the drugs. And I was trying to get guys to explain when it came to PCT, the power PCT, Dr. Michael Scali's protocol is amazing but somewhere along the way people are like starter PCT after two weeks with these drugs, when there could be still PDs in your system from slow clearance. And so you're starting hate cg to restart your your testicle production of testosterone. But you've still got to shut down hate pta because you're still non-drolone decanoate or echo poison your system for six, seven weeks after your last shot. That I just got tired of seeing guys and forms getting to the end of their PCT, following that like two-week clearance, doing the whole protocol hate cg, climate, to moxven. And then their bloodwork shelter that their HPTA was shot down because ironically they finished their PCT as the drug was pretty much clear from their system. So trying to get guys just to think about when you put the drug into the system, was the logical set of events that happens in the body between absorption, distribution to the tissues, the metabolism and the excretion. Get them to think about those processes on top of like dense standard dose selection. So you do a lot of interacting with people online. Do you find that people actually understand what you're talking about or do they just not in smile and they want you to think their smart. So they act like them and stand you, but they have no clue what to how you just said. I guess a bit about I think when you sort of try and speak from high level academic perspective quite often it can be probably misconstrued that you're two intelligence and that's why sometimes it is good to try and bring analogies or simple ways to explain complex problems which I've tried to do but I guess when we look at what isn't a current landscape online and if you can't deliver a simple message and like five to 10 seconds on something complex people are interested anymore. Like long form content if you're real is any more than 30 seconds, it doesn't matter what information you're given you you're more than likely not going to hold a lot of people's attention. Which is a shame because we're we're in a place within the body-building community where we've got access to a lot of information and a lot of good information but unless it can create hype or you know create some sort of not controversy both discussion and engagement you lose a lot of the online audience. I've had to completely redo my style. I used to do 50 minute videos on YouTube and now a lot of this stuff I shoot is just two minutes and I have my editor pare it down to whatever he sees fit for example. I guess ran a 60 day DHB experiment to determine whether a it's an AI or not like the rest of it's super family which I call bold and own it's whole family and that DHB falls in the bold and own family with pre-mo. I believe pre-mo fits in the bold and own family because of the double bond of position one and then because it's structurally identical to DHB it just has the muffled group at carbon one and that I wanted a to figure out theoretically more than 10 seconds. If I want to a figure out whether or not it's an AI because if it's not an AI then it's a good substitute for master on in this master on shortage and what I determined was 10 DHB generated a 55-estrodial 30 DHB a day generated a 58-estrodial therefore it's not an AI and just a double check I ran a quick shot of EQ 30 milligrams for three days so it shot my concentration up to 10 you know because triple the dose for three days is basically a month at the correct dose right so and I crushed my E2 right down to 38 after just three days so I know for sure that since EQ is still an AI in my body I can draw the conclusion that pre-mo still an AI in my body and something that I thought was amazing was that I was looking at some of the material that you had sent me before very okay so this is a double bond at position one and normally pre-mo has a double bond right here and a single bond at position one and this is a metabolized version what I thought I think it's the 17 OHA or hydroxyl one methylene so this is been metabolized I believe it the liver and then it creates this double bond here which you would not get with the HB and this is what actually occupies the aroma taste and sign biting site and non-activator but it does occupy the sites which competitive inhibitor where as DHB would not have the double bond and thus would not find it that binding site is that an accurate assessment of what this picture shows definitely I mean that that that that meteline that won't meteline I guess metabolites are chemical reaction if you think about it you've moved that double bond from C1 C2 to that meteline substituent that is on pre-mobone you could never do that in a lab to mine knowledge that's like if you imagine your bodies don't that chemistry in your liver it's absolutely incredible poor as you yeah rightly pointed out I send a TB4 when you look at the mechanism of of a raw matease and the actual binding site of a raw matease you have this like flexible hinge called the gatekeeper of the raw matease enzyme and it's basically like a claw that swings in and out and anything that's flexible enough to go into the enzyme binding pocket will bind to it but if you imagine you've got that will meteline group there it's not going to be able to reduce that double bond to create an estridile or a raw matease that a-ring because that's what we're basically doing with create an estrogen and so yeah it could competitively block in order a raw matease will compound like testosterone from entering into the binding site to estridile so you've got this competitive antagonist if you want to call it that where it's it's going in but it's not creating any metabolite of itself and I guess when we look at order things that could happen and I'm starting to slowly think that it's not just about your raw matease enzyme where we we look at like competitive in a bishop with the raw matease enzyme where you're lowering estridiles conversion from satis to stastro you could have activation of an andrium response element by somebody's metabolites or the paired compounds that makes the estrogen receptor less functional so now we're creating certain like qualities to these drugs as opposed to a raw matease inhibiting so if I'm understanding your inference if this didn't have the mathic record position one if it had a mathic record position two like master on and to having a double bond right here we had a double bond right here it would look more like anodrol and it would not be an AI it would be just a different form of agonist for the adrogen receptor is accurate yeah and I guess that's where when I'm starting to see now the potential genetic differences where for one person master on my lower estridile for another person premable on a mightlore estridile it might be too completely separate mechanisms where we're getting we're getting lost discussing aromatase inhibition ryan looking at I guess I asked I asked AI I had a good discussion which ship my own chat GPT model which is taken its own brain from on a fed it between adrogen receptor papers and functional aspects of the adrogen receptor and I asked it first of how does trust on alone on a mechanistic level improve estrogen positive breast cancer explained to me quite simply based on what you know about the adrogen receptor how it improves it and we know that interior acts as a serum in women who have estrogen positive breast cancer but how it does that is when you activate the adrogen receptor and that moves into the new clies and binds an adrogen response element to turn on your genetics what you end up seeing and theory then is down regulation of the estrogen response elements and how the estrogen receptors either don't work as well as they called order down regulated and expression in terms of number so now you've got a complete the order of an you where you're not just folks and on lowering estridile as a consequence of the enzyme that creates it you're lowering the functionality the estrogen from a genetic perspective and that you know I find I fascinating that when we look at like what you've got here the adrogen binding affinity I can't find where we've developed this 300% to 5x binding affinity over testosterone or DHT but even when you try and assess then master on a premobole in terms of this estrogen lower and effect I think it's a lot more complex than what we're we're trying to understand that it comes back to then that what happens when the when the adrogen binds to the adrogen receptor informs a complex which is a of itself a protein complex and that will have its own 3D 3D shape as well when we look at premobole and that double bond between C1 and C2 makes that a ring more plain or more flat so now when that binds to the ligand binding domain of the adrogen receptor you have a completely different shaped protein to if master on binding to the ligand binding domain and depending on the shape with adjunctor it will bind with different affinity to the adrogen response elements of the genetics so again looking at the adrogen response elements master on could be a very good muscle builder for one person depending on how fits into the adrogen response elements premobole and could be the other side where it has a better affinity for what's so big in genetics what I ask this so this is an incomplete chart I wanted to show the first half of it because you were talking about the adrogen binding affinity is the most important thing it's transcription it really is what matters and then if I was to show you take like take a mental note that the second line is master on third line's DHB fourth one testosterone fifth line's pre-mo and this is the rest of the chart where we see that this one was the master on is transcription if this is testosterone at a hundred then the master on sobout equivalent DHB's about three times stronger and pre-mo is weaker according to this and you know I obviously I spent a lot of time training my chat GPT it doesn't make her right but we discussed the you had talked to chat GPT and she had a different conversation so mine is based on mechanism ignore outcome data ignore AMA guidelines ignore colloquial doctors opinions ignore everything except for purely mechanistic data and this is how she comes up with her data about writing by the way it's also the KDE was I think it's hand times better for master on the pre-mo when she did the math yeah and I mean when I asked at the same question before even got into it with mechanistic stuff I asked what was the better compound for well I guess to be even starting the top level in from an adrogen binding affinity and it did say because master on is a more flexible molecule it doesn't have that double bond in theory the ligand binding the main is all around flexibility because that's why DHT has a better binding affinity over testosterone it's a more flexible molecule because you've removed the double bond in the four-five position with something like master on being a lot more flexible it can contort itself a bit better than the pre-mo ball so I think when it comes to like the overall choosing of which is the better compound in my view while the mechanistic data and in my mean look at pharmacology I'm starting to like not really see like which one is better of the two order than try one like what you've done with DHT try one CD outcome data try your CD outcome data and then choose what more appropriately fits to your genetics again for some people master on acting as that serum we have negative consequences pre-mo ball and actin as that potential AI might have negative consequences and it's really about figuring out which one suits your biochemistry best. What I found was the only drawback with DHB is that when I went from 10 to 30 milligrams per day my GGT my liver enzyme that's specific for the liver went from 37 to 87 so it was high for liver toxic. So you're like GGT being the Gluedatium recycling enzyme you're you're looking at a huge demand on your liver to reprocess Gluedatium to keep up with detoxification but it also be very interested to look at the blood work to see in terms of liver toxicity you have them affair it and because obviously ferret and being the local storage form it in the liver of iron if your liver sells dye or they become inflamed they push out ferret into the bloodstream and not ferret and as soon as it's left your liver into your bloodstream the posits iron so ferret and on blood is generally devoid of iron the iron is left to ferret and protein and you're measuring an empty shell use Gluedatium to lower serum iron as an oxidant so I wonder did that occur as well on the blood stuff be very interesting. Well I'll look right and I don't normally order ferret because I didn't know that connection that's a good idea. Yeah I don't actually have it even on my I mean it's been ordered before but I don't have it on my spreadsheet because I wasn't but I can look go back and look at the past labs to see but so if I understand correctly if the ferret's in this high but the iron's low then it was actual liver damage not just but if iron's normal and ferret's high it's nothing to be worried about as happy as we what you're saying. No so when when I look at serum iron the only time I sort of respond to serum iron is when it's very high in serum ferret is a more more probably accurate way of assessing iron overload alongside transferred saturation how much iron is transferred and taken on board you could have a normal serum but you could have a raised ferret and level in my view in a mail anything above 160 170 is too much ferret in your bloodstream we need some ferret and obviously being released to keep our iron storage happy in our body but too much is coming from your liver basically. What you're looking for is a normal transferrin let's say transferrin saturation of around 30 35% so transferrin is like a boss carium iron round the body you want about 35 passengers on the boss instead of packing all is iron onto the boss and then with ferret and we're trying to assess how much is being released from the liver and of course too much ferret and in the bloodstream basically basically basically ferret and being an empty shell you've already dumped the iron out of ferret and intertissue straight away and then that leads to a redox reaction so obviously you've got the fend and reaction that can occur on the body where iron I think moves from push trade to push too so it becomes oxidized and so what you use is glue to tie on to clean up that reaction so ferret and if you're looking for signs of iron toxicity I always pay attention to ferret and then transferrin saturation down directly at iron itself. All right so ferret in his high and iron is low and our saturation is less than 35% then you need more glutathione is accurate. Pretty pretty much an NGGT if there's a nice paper on all cores cause mortality with GGT as a marker of of all cause mortality once it goes above 35 to 50 all cause mortality towards cardiovascular disease risk increases as well so GGT is an important marker that ideally you want to keep it below 30 if possible the sweet spot is in around 50 into 20 and that ensures that you're making enough copies of this enzyme to keep everything happy and recycling but the higher GGT goes the analogy I always make is you're creating more recycling plants to try clean up the mess so you're trying to recycle quicker. Right so my solution to this is in the future make sure to use milk vessel NAC, Tudka and I be able to thio if you're going to use DHB over 10 milligrams a day that because if it's correct and that's a big if but if if Nova that's the name of my Chetchipiti gave herself and DHB is two to four times more anabolic than test then master on but it is neutral to estrogen the way master on is it doesn't lower arrays as to dial and there's no other consequences with RBC's hematocard hemoglobin 8 chtl then for people who have cholesterol problems master I mean I'd be the right choice to each be wood but now the liver's in questions you got to run all this other liver protection to go with it to get your glutathione production up to compensate for the demand of glutathione the DHB is going to put on your liver and when I run people's blood work in the future I'll make sure that I'm going to add to my panels the transferetin feretin the iron the whole panel and that when I'm looking for is to make sure that if their feretins up their saturation still over 35 if their saturation is under 35 then their liver their ggt is actually bad and then we got to change something and start introducing a stronger glutathione protocol when when the transferet saturation is above 35 so you've got too much iron so that saturation percentage is how much is on it so you're looking to keep it in a in a sweet spot not too high obviously not too low and the same affair it's in you don't want to too high and you don't want to lose it's like with with our body the main oxidants are we feel our outer glucose or iron there are two main damage damage to it with with with glucose you've got HB and C where you glycate your reblood cells and then we're iron you've obviously got feretin taking that iron on board in your liver cells or transferet but if that iron then gets a chance to run a mock then you have to start using glutathione because one of the most interesting things that is starting to become appreciated is we've got a process in our body called feretin which is iron and juiced apoptosis so you've got too much iron you basically kill your cells and that's where the negative effects of too much iron in your body becomes a big problem because it starts killing if you start killing cells like kidney cells or around the glommelers then you're going to start having problems with kidney disease so trying to offset iron's oxidation of your body unglucose or like your two main anti-age and strategies if you want to put it that way personally I always run pretty low on iron I also don't eat much red meat because I'm probably in prep or if it's off season red meat is too slow by adjusting so I want faster to turn over but my feretin tends to run pretty high even if my GGC's relatively normal so I'll have to do better investigating about that so I have a chart you said me that was very confusing to me I'm sure it's simple to you I wanted to know if you can explain it a little better because if I get confused the chances are I'm not the only one that will find us fascinating so this was the hate this was a HPLC paper on the metabolic I guess metabolites of drustanolone which you can see in the very top left corner from my side looking at the stream so I guess one of the main metabolites after drustanolone is obviously a to caveat here between drustanolone and the thing to it's right that arrow is a resonance arrow going left and right so it means the igniter be the hydroxy form at the 70 in carbon or the carbon or a form at the 70 in carbon so pick or true is basically so if everyone's trying to follow along the side of the OH or the double bond oxygen so they just act in resonance to one another let me look at what what I did the metabolites then you've obviously got the tree alpha hydroxy dihydrogenase and then you have I think it's the tube two beta hydroxylation which is obviously putting a hydroxy group onto that methanol substituents that's off carbon too so we're moving on with this would still be anabolic here correct this wouldn't this would be more similar to anodrol in structure than it would be inert correct and I mean this is a good question in that when we look at metabolism people think that as soon as a drug is metabolized that's it it's it's not active the whole concept around pro-ormones was you talk a drug that then got metabolized to the active parent and similarly when you take an esterified version of a drug where like drustanolone and nanate has the nanate ester off carbon 70 you're taking that as a pro drug to create drustanolone to hydroxylate form so metabolism basically means that you're transforming a drug into something that's either active or inactive you're you're changing the structure to drug basically a change in the structure doesn't necessarily mean again to come back to it that the compound is useless it just has a different chemistry now so that to beta hydroxylation has a slightly different chemistry in that now you've got a hydroxy group that has potential for electron donation with the oxygen then from there you've got obviously the tree alpha or the tree beta hydroxy dehydrogenase and what we're doing there now is changing the sea double bonds all on carbon tree this tends to start the process of deactivating the steroids. Before we continue this exists inside the cytoplasm and this is the enzyme that breaks down dhp and makes it not anabolic correct and that when we convert this ketone to a hydroxyl group we're basically almost creating estrogen except it doesn't have the three double bonds in the a ring that's what's called an aromatic ring or aromatization is it's got three double bonds that are actually constantly in the city of flux it's really six half double bonds really than three double bonds is this all correct for the audience correct correct yes what you're talking about is obviously resonance of aromatization is creating a benzene ring so you've got to treat both bonds and that that a ring so metabolite one m one when we look at the biochemistry of the ligand bind in the main what we talked about with the Andrew receptor we noticed two pirates that are vital on a steroid for that ligand bind domain that is it seedable bond oxygen a carbon trace or a carbon island a carbon tree on the a ring and a hydroxy group a carbon 17 we know that those two interacts that day don't a today trade hydrogen bonds or electron bonds when they're getting to big chemistry to bind into the ligand bind domain to create the binding interaction but in the ligand bind domain so if you carbon has that in carbon 17 is where it's usually methylated for oral absorption so the difference between for instance this molecule of the standalone and super draw is we would have an extra methyl group here at carbon 17 that's the only difference you should super draw and and that carbon 17 once it goes through the liver it's going to cut off that methyl group and the metabolite is just an alone so that you could say that super draw is a pro hormone to just an alone and that's why super draw was sold as a pro hormone up until 2004 correct and obviously that people were were led to believe that when you took super draw methylated drustanolone which wasn't obviously a classified drug you were taking it on the premise that it would be metabolized into drustanolone and Terry and sure enough if anyone's taken super draw that methyl group still has chemistry or some of the metabolites of super draw has its own biochemistry as a very potent oral anabolic steroids which obviously is very liver toxic as well to to caveat with those metabolites then when we've created m1 with that that carbon tree now being hydroxulated this is sort of where perhaps when we view some of the quote unquote safety of master on or premabole and we have this dihydrogenase pathway at which rapidly activates the steroids and like you said it's in the soil plasma tends to be even in our muscle tissue specifically you may have a metabolic pathway where your body will reduce your exposure to the number of molecules from a given dose because of this deactivation so your body's being exposed to a lower number of molecules but also has a more efficient inactivation of those molecules so if you took in Terry too much you would metabolize a two m1 or onto the other metabolites for you're losing the parent compound but also how right for the big difference you master on dhg in this case though is this bond this methyl group at carbon two pre-vents three alpha hst from being as active so instead of breaking down 190% of dhg or provider in for instance all about 80 90% of this gets through so it might increase the lack of a better term bioavailability to the antigen receptor complex by 80 94 would you see that's a pre-acrid assessment yeah i mean like you said there you're still you still have an active steroid molecule so that that hydroxy group at a ctree on m1 doesn't make it useless to the antigen receptor it's just not as strong at binding that hydroxy group wouldn't be as good of an electron donor to speak but it's still very valid because there's more electron negativity here because this has four electrons available and this only has two electrons available I believe correct so carbon oils are a more potent hydrogen bond and an acceptor so they're going to accept a hydrogen bond because it out the electron density with looking at m1 specifically then you have this inactivation of the parent compound which is sort of premised on like I said that that's sort of safety aspect of you deactivated the parent compound which has the more potent anabolic capability but that can still have activity it's only when you start moving into a further metabolite from m1 will be the two beta hydroxylation that you've moved down to which now you're getting into a very more complex molecule that probably doesn't have great buoyant affinity because of that steric hindrance now you've had a yes we have a hydroxy group at position two so that whatever binding of it's can't really get to this electron dense cluster and I'm a spoke earlier both of these have four electrons available what I meant was there's four electrons right here at the tip that are available so this is extremely an electronegative where this change is makes this electronegative less so and then this you're not getting in between these two oxygens and this is going to be harder to fit a molecule and enzyme around this because of the extra steric hindrance here correct and this is one of like the fascinating things because from where I remember this paper this hate penalty paper was from horse urine analysis from where I remember when I sent it so we're really trying to extrapolate the metabolites we observe from horses towards well the chemistry of humans but I do know that one of the water tests for using drustan alone is to check for that m1 metabolite that trialpha hydroxy's dihydrogenase metabolites and if you get caught with that metabolite in your urine it's very difficult to explain where it's came from you have people that will try and leverage off maybe proviron as a potential source of being caught with it in the urn but distilled fail of water drug tests it's so possible there's no way that a methyl group is going to migrate and provide in from position one to position two that's retarded for you you're fine guys trying to get around like exceptions to try and like have to sample retested so m1 like that with like drug testing it's not just a parent compound you have to worry about it's all the metabolites that come from it and that trihydroxy metabolite is the main one that you're looking for when you take drustan alone as as a steroid and I guess what's even more important to understand there is these molecules are lipophilic so they like to live in fat tissue even if you stop taking drustan alone 12, 13 months ago and at that point you would like to take you've excrete it out a lot of to drug if you metabolize a lot of m1 and some of it does get stuck in your fat tissue because these compounds can due to liking fat as a anary to to reside in and you lose fat tissue you have lipolicis occur and now you release these metabolites that are in your fat cells into your bloodstream and they're now at a detectable level for water to catch you in your intestine your most likely going to probably get caught so body fat levels like when you go back to drug testing body fat levels play a big role and like get caught future down to lying as well it's not just about detection windows you have to think about what happens to the metabolites after they've been created as well yeah I used to do that like if I was super lean and I smoked weed but I had a drug test I would just kick up bunch of clen and T3 and do a shit ton of cardio for five days and try to shred all the body and get off my body so that I cleared whatever marijuana was stuck in my that cells is fast possible and I was pretty good at as no drug test but I'll be able to do it by double this body fat I was like yeah yeah bodybuilding saves the day it's like nobody knows how to be a drug addict like bodybuilder not not not that I'm condoned and yeah that is obviously a big role that when people I guess even now like drug tested athletes and biological passports it is going to be very difficult to use compounds like this without getting caught as smart as we trying to be with so based on this graph here if this is still slightly in a ballic this should be as well because the only difference is the direction this comes out at the viewer at a three dimensional model this goes away from the viewer right yeah if you think about it though in theory yes but when something is pointing down and pointing up we only have to think about five alpha dht and five beta dht which is which is for that matter right it's in there the the the resimic miss mixture only fifty percent of it is actually anabolic and that's so because when something's pointing up it might have space to go to something say that the receptor one of the amino acids binding parts of a receptor is here like a claw and you've got that hydroxy pointing up it's in position to it but when it's pointing down because that a ring is like in chemistry a six membrane is rigid but it's also like a chair or a bolt it's either down or so so right you've got that influence in where that's that stereo chemistry is as well so I won't be able to say which one I mean the D'Tree alpha in theory with a pointing down versus the tree beta pointing up knowing that five alpha has affinity with its that pointing pointing down over five beta I think the M1 is probably going to be the better of the two on that aspect by couldn't say so we could have a general although not a hundred percent ironclab but a general assessment that if something's x alpha reduced it's still going to be a functional and x beta reduced is going to be deactivated because it's facing the wrong direction now over here we've got the 17 we've converted this ketone at 17 to hydroxyl is this a functional site that's anabolic but do we lose anabolic effect from going from M1 to the 17 alpha HSD version? So if anything that's 70 and alpha HDS version is probably going to have better affinity for the ligand-binding domain so to recap to recap what we want for a good binding affinity in theory from like the structural activity relationship studies they've done on steroids you want to be you want to have that 70 in position hydroxylated? No, not a key sort of logger not a ketone and now to be honest the 70 in alpha hydroxylation when we have a 70 in alpha methylated drug you have the hydroxy on the other side of it so they hydroxyl so when you think about you've got a metal group and hydroxy group to my knowledge after top my head with we're obviously with this one here because now the hydroxy is pointing down again it would depend on where the residue is in the ligand-binding domain which again I'd have to see in front of me to explain a baritone not off the top my head again but that hydroxy is important and the carbon tree carbon oil is important to see the bond oxygen is important there are the two main things that need to be preserved for good ligand-binding domain affinity so in this example we've got this these are both away like this m1 so this is still in an antibiotics at carbon three hydroxy group at carbon 17 we actually have an improvement from m1 to this because we've got it away and then we get the 17b version which like this makes it come towards so in theory this would be more antibiotic than this so I'm looking at a metal testosterone to see where that hydroxy is just off the top so your metal group in high in the 70 in position for metal testosterone is going going down and the OH is coming at you so the OH is a match and the metal group is a dashed line which would be the 70 in beta so on this logic then that would mean that the 17 beta version of m1 is more antibiotic than the 7th and alpha version 79 correct so I had to look at the structure of metal to metal testosterone to remind people people forget like with the metal group what you're doing is obviously the metal group has its own biochemistry as well but you've still got that hydroxy group at the 70 in position on metal testosterone there's no there's no electron negativity you a metal group and there's no electron donors or reducing capability so I can't imagine the metal group is going to be a functional side like a hydroxyl group and similarly so the reason why the metal group was put on it is to prevent first pass liver metabolism so if we don't have that metal group we will have an oxidation of the c70 and that's where you can't take oral testosterone or if you take it to take every two to three hours having the metal group makes it resistant to first pass metabolism so you keep the drug in the system longer put you also interior you will influence because of that metal group the stereo chemistry of the oral drug as well to not go off in a tangent so then we've got some of got the active active slightly less active still sort of active even less active but more active than this but not as active is this stuff more inactive this this is almost completely inactive this is completely inactive and this guy over here is probably also inactive here because we've got the hydroxy group coming at you and so from you know to make it quite simple for someone you look at it and you think then well when you take master on you end up in a position where you could have four metabolites that have activity as well based on one of the four three four so it's not as simple as you take tristan alone and it's it's useless you've got four metabolites that again and tear even they activate an hydrogen receptor and the hydrogen response element from that you then start seeing potentially those estrogen receptor and knock on effects so it's real it's really interesting you start like looking at these metabolites because the order of the other thing that was below it out was literally just a paper of assessing new metabolites in human urine and that was just confirming that main tree keto reduction metabolites which like I said is what they look for when you do a drug test so you wouldn't have alluded to in our previous conversation that you had some opinions about DHB and I of course have already told you my experiment on DHB what are your do you have other ideas your opinions about DHB not right I mean it's not something that I have personally ever tried or I've seen other people utilize I guess what you've experienced is probably what I have always cautioned towards and that is deliver toxicity and deoxinate of stress which then can play over to kidney oxidative stress and I think that was obviously where some of the animal data and aqua poison kidney toxic really comes back to oxidative stress but to be honest all steroids create oxidative stress we're slowly starting to form a better opinion that it's not just one compound bad for your kidneys it could be interiority any compound and it comes back to them like what we just goes to about how are you implement an antioxidant defenses to improve your body's ability to get rid of these things that are causing damage so with aqua poison anyway or ball denone we do know that aromate is an abition aspect from again the metabolites are creates DHB being a metabolite of ball denone but again with with the effects of it what you observed again it comes back to we don't have human studies really on DHB and this this like goes back to how I became fascinated with anabolic pharmacology because most was have scientific curiosity and it's like well I'm willing to personally experiment to see what what the outcome is any equals warned doesn't really mean anything in a huge population but it does offer dated I'd then someone else can go I want to try that experiment to see what happens and that that was what fascinated me about a pharmacogen we're looking at performance and so yeah any equals one is not has zero positive predictive value but it gives you 100% positive predictive value for yourself and then the the boulder known can convert into form of tabilites right there's the five alpha reduced DHB the five beta reduced which is in her it's got an aromatease inhibitor and it's got esterone but as you take it longer the more aromatease inhibitor builds up which then means less converts to the esterone which means more is going to convert to alpha DHB and beta DHB which means that eventually about a third of your boulder known dose is at DHB dose what I find so interesting is that one third of three equals one and if DHB's three times is anabolic as test and eq's must be equal with test and a third of the eq is DHB then really it it's almost like the eq isn't even that anabolic it's just the DHB that's the anabolic part of it but what to also ironic is that if I'm correct and it's a third why wouldn't you get the same liver toxicity out of 60 eq a day that you would out of 20 DHB a day why is it that eq has no liver toxicity because in theory but you know if it wasn't for the AI aspects of the eq you could just run 900 eq a week and that'd be the same thing as taking 300 DHB a week but with the 300 DHB you're going to do a lot damage your liver with the 900 eq you're going to crush your estrogen yeah it's it's very interesting I guess deodoride as well as the the esterone metabolite of Echopoise that quite often it's falsely detected with with a non-sensitive estrogen check perhaps as some hay paddock protective effect because we do know that ester dial has hay paddock protective effect in theory so that could be something that is potentially what you get from eqoise over DHB I'd be just making sure speculation I believe it's one third year as stimulating of the estrogen alpha receptor esterone relative to ester dial correct but you can you can convert esterone to ester dial as well there is to my knowledge there's a conversion between esterone to ester dial ester dial to ester dial and in our body how we actually excrete estrogen is that conversion process of ester dial to esterone and then esterone is hydroxylated amatalated so when you take something like diein dial metane people think O'Dionale metane is a natural way to lower ester dial actually what diein the metane was a speeds up the conversion of ester dial to esterone and then the esterone is metabolized by your liver it's hydroxylated to to for 60 in hydroxy esterone and then you meddle it to to the for hydroxy esterone to clear it out I glued a toy on obviously is important for the for hydroxy esterone to be metabolized and excreted which the force the cancer is one right the curse the gen one yeah so that's an important connection that I didn't make that one staff that I've got to men's estrogen complex coming out soon that has a long with something it's got I three C and the diem and it to clear ester gen it's got seven eight benzo as a partial mild aromatizing inhibitors so it lowers the total estrogen I've got stuff in there to block the estrogen alpha receptor and then I also have stuff in there to stimulate the estrogen beta receptor so you still get the bone and the IGF one from the estrogen so we're not losing any anabolic effect of your cycle you're just getting rid of the feminizing effects of testosterone abuse so and that that's why people when it comes to aromatase inhibition you're lowering your ester dial but you could still have a buildup of esterone and the esterone metabolites in your body that you have not eliminated property which comes back to obviously conjugation and go tell it's so guys always focus on putting the plunder into the bathtub with the bathtub is already over failing you're not draining the bathtub anymore so you end up with this issue where you've stopped making ester dial but you still have high esterone that you need to manage and that's where it's important that when you come at lowering ester dial or lowering total estrogen of the body if that is what you're required to do for a show or what are health consequences that you support the actual excretion of the compounds not just about blocking the metabolism that we talked about you're supporting actually clearing these metabolites from your system right so in laments terms people are so busy with AI's or but they're not or they cut out their tests before the show but they didn't do anything to get the estrogen that's already in their body out and that's where the DIM comes in handy and I believe the DIM is either precursor for i3c or i3c is the precursor for the IM I can get the two confused but I think they also have different functions as well it's more complex than you're at but they they induce basically induce the enzymes to see why pn's items have delivered to do that conversion across basically so you're in theory as well if you're taken DIM to my knowledge at c-y-p wouldn't be one and I can't remember do it all now for again to top my but anything that's going to be metabolized by c-y-p won't be one is going to be induced to be metabolized faster as well so when you're playing around with enzyme and juicers you know dull thing about grapefruit slowing so that again is an inhibitor as opposed to an inducer you could take things that will either speed up an enzyme or things that will slow it down DIM might speed up the conversion of your astrol and it's metabolites but it could also speed up but again I have to look at a pharmacology book to tell you why c-y-p won't be one ultimate metabolizes because I don't know what I'll stop my head yeah it's infusing so with the grapefruit thing for people who are aware that they basically told people not to eat grapefruit with their pills because all these people in Florida were dying because what do you have in Florida you've got grapefruit and old people so they would basically take their blood pressure medication and they have grapefruit every morning and then the blood pressure medication builds up to two high of a level they go orthostatic hypotension which is basically a fancy way of you stand up you faint and then they cracked their head so what was funny was in the round two thousand through 2008 all of the bikini girl all the figure girls my bad all the figure girls had grapefruit at their breakfast with their ECA stack and it was supposed to be a magic thing it's the nanogurin in the grapefruit that deactivates the enzyme that clears the fat lost drugs so it's like what just take more of it or take it more frequently but you'll see that it was like a classic thing called a Mike Davies diet was that it was going to be grapefruit and egg whites with oatmeal for meal one and then it's going to be tilapia and broccoli for the next five meals and for the last and for like 10 years that's all any girl eight and they constantly were bloated and farting because the broccoli doesn't digest but it does have DIM so on paper it's a brilliant diet but egg whites alone don't digest they cause gas and broccoli doesn't digest and it cause gas so you'd have these girls with ripped abs it looked like they're like nine months pregnant and their mean is shit because they're constantly holding in farts while they're trying to squat and stuff so moral the story is put a yogurt to in with your egg whites take it DIM supple and rather than relying on broccoli which doesn't digest and if you want to just deactivate those enzymes that break your drugs down you can use nandergur and instead of having a rely on eating grapefruit but a grapefruit is very filling because it's like that big and it's 15 carbs it's the same amount of mangurins in an orange when the offsteze and you can use an orange and get the same anger and you could out of a grapefruit it's just more filling it's my well it's my 20 look back I have people I've prayed for years so what's your competition history I know you just competed I think last year right yes I was originally a kickboxer and then I had an accident where I smashed the bones of my ankle I went back after it after that surgery I went back dawn the world championships in 2010 alongside my brothers my brothers a very esteemed kickboxer and then at that point I retired and sort of fell in love with bodybell and as a consequence of the rehab of my ankle with the kickbox so I started competing naturally in 2011 and then from that point onwards went the route of T RT so I had high-poken arism so I went down that road and then that road sort of slipped down into let's apply some of the pharmacology knowledge that I have into the the direct side if you want to put it that way and competed from 2012 to 2017 as a classic bodybuilder so this is where like Narbant the IFBB as it was back dead I was just IFBB but now it's IFBB elite the other branch because we didn't have mPC in Ireland and the UK consistently consistently placed between top three to top six and back then that was sort of like between 2012 and 2016 in Ireland that was when bodybuilder was at its peak there was like 25, 26 guys in my class you you know you had a good competition against a lot of people whereas now you'd be lucky to have like a class of six or seven when you compete I sort of semi retired 2017 to you know get married to big boys to get married have kids still trained but it was always like in my mind of like my personal goal like bodybuilder wasn't to be come and IFBB pro didn't really I wasn't like something like a career project that okay I want to become a pro it was more so a personal goal to win an Irish national title like win Mr Ireland so that was always like an underback my head of like you've gotten like top tree you've got close you've won a couple of shows like regional shows in Ireland let's see you know can I get one last go so what I basically almost got a full health screen CT Andrew Graham everything like that after obviously eight in mine years competing got the green lights and basically said right one last go 2022 and I ended up winning my class at Mr Ireland so that was sort of a you know a defining moment where I was I was happy that I'd settled my goal for people follow me I guess after that show I was sort of at a crossroads of like what do I do now you and this is sort of your whole ego of you've been a bodybuilder for like 10 12 years it's very hard to like dissolve that ego and try and figure out what do I do now like you you've done what you've said out to achieve where do I move forward from here and so it's basically just like maintaining my physique basically but then I got my blood work done 16 weeks post show so I'd always wait after a show go back to you know physiological levels and let everything settle down and ever don't rebound so it's letting settling and then keep body fat and check and then move from there and my cholesterol was sky high on this blood work and I'm looking at it going this doesn't make sense like UK measurement my cholesterol was annoying in American terms it's probably like 6700 it was why I mean anything close to it even my triglycerides were at a 7.5 which again on US measurements I think yeah before 500 it was huge and I'm looking at a gun like my trend and my blood work my total cholesterol was never any higher than 3.5 which is like 110 I think US terms like it was always very good and all of a sudden I have this result and I'm thinking that can't be right then I started thinking in my head that's to be the blood lab that has done an a wrong assay or some just doesn't make sense went back complained they sent a new kit we don't the blood draw said the back same results and that was sort of when I taught okay there's repeatability here this isn't an assay this is a problem internally so for about 4 weeks Mia and a not a friend of mine we tried to rack her heads on what was going on but one point at all fatty liver disease both parts of the blood panel suggested none of that whatsoever and then it just came up in conversation that for a long time I had issues with my gut where my I'd have like just bad gut days and I could never put it down I always thought it was just food volume which was naive like in an offseason I'd been 800 900 grams of care of my just okay your body clearly isn't absorbed and the food and it's trying to flush an out so you're having to eat more to compensate but I could never figure out what was driving and then I said to you know sometimes I get quite bad reflux and he's like well chronic reflux is not a good sign you know small bit of indigestion from time to time is okay but if you've had reflux that you've sort of ignored and again you just think it's just food volume just irritate your your sufficus or bad stomach acidity and he said how about like celiac disease have you ever considered getting tested for celiac was like no and he's like well let's add that to denects blood draw and sure enough he found me after two weeks and he's like well your trans glutamines IGA antibodies are sky high you are in fact celiac and then this all clicked in my head and it's like this aha moment of that makes sense why during that prep in 2022 for most of IA gluten free which would be just how I eat like your standard rice diet whenever else and then every time I got a refeed I'd have like breakfast cereal to just get four 500 grams of carbs from a reeds was it rice breakfast cereal or was it a weed breakfast cereal? So it was rice crispies but they have a very mild, very mild, extra-dined which is gluten but it can't be very rich yeah I guess it would be yeah when you've got that sort of sensitivity where you've if you've got that auto immunity you've been gluten free for four or five weeks you dampen all this inflammation and you put in the you put in the source of gluten the day after the refeeds my body just felt like a ton of bricks and I just thought oh it's hot high carbs your body's trying to process it that sort of post high day fatigue but then when we went to care bloat for the actual shows I had the most horrific swelling and bloating after the first day of like our high carb care day ahead of my first sort of warm up show again and in hindsight I thought it was like gastroint dry this the family had stomach bugs you get post viral IBS for your body's sort of trying to balance the the microbiome and it's on my my Instagram page my my stomach looked like nine ones pregnant the pain and swelling was horrific and I just said to my coach let's just go back to like chicken rice stuff that we know digests fine and trying to what you're doing there is taken the glue to my way of like the bagels and the breakfast cereal that went in with the terrible and so it was our clicked of okay now I know why I had all these good problems so I went strictly glue free started like cleaning up my goat cleaning up the inflammation that was there for years some of the hair loss I experienced in my like early turtis was probably due to that on managed seed act disease I mean in hindsight my fingernails and toenails you should just snap off am I a captain can I have to be vitamin A deficiency or zinc or whatever and it's tridysoplements and it wasn't correct in it your hair obviously if there's inflammation from autoimmune to your hair follicles is going to get damaged so by the time I got to the end of that year of 2020 tree into the styroled last year it is what if in my head was like your undiagnosed celiac all these years that you competed what would happen if you don't a prep or you knew you were celiac and you avoided glue to complete how do you look on stage right and obviously I tried approach my wife and said you know I've got this like itch of like just to do a prep to see how I'd look she was a bit hesitant she was like a tart you're retired and everything else and I said to her well if I do a prep and I don't sacrifice like work family everything else that this is literally just a diet and the way I sort of put it to her was there was an NPC show in Ireland three days before a family vacation I just said to her you know you can't stop me getting in shape for the holiday if I just do a diet and it doesn't interfere of family life and if I just go and turn up on stage on the day you know again you can't say anything to me it's a fifty minute drive from the house to the show and she sort of got around to the idea of it's that there was a warm-up show once I started like actually tracking my prep and everything else like that there was a warm-up show before this NPC show that I ended winning the overall app which again was like a nice thing that I'd never wanted overall in all the years that I competed what weight classes you come in it it was a classic your body well classic so I've always stayed classic like the heaviest I ever I ever got my off season it was like a hundred eight kilos so a 236 237 pounds I never I never got way away from like my my court off for classic was ninety ninety point five so to go hundred ninety five pounds so the day of the show you're a hundred ninety five pound fell stage pretty much bang on our bit higher once you've weighed in and got all our inch hydrated so like last year pretty much yeah I don't for a while I don't under eight under ninety kilo body billemitch is you know mid-Laway to lie heavyweight for classic I just preferred the sort of stroke draftspective classic I'd keep that nice like the classic era proportions that the show's last year if I could replicate last year's prep all the other years I competed I probably would have enjoyed the journey of body bill a lot better because with no gut inflammation my digestion was superb I was able to diet on 3200 calories most train in days and then I got refeeds pretty much every four to five days I trained intensity but sort of moved away from complete failure training to one rep and reserve that you know when you've got that advanced training understanding you can train to that level where you know okay that next rep now is going to be the grinding will let you stop here that I never had any of the the hunger, the tiredness, the fatigue, the literary was just like day-to-day living and when I got to like the British championships for there was a new Federation called the BPA which was like a split off from the IFBB in the UK when I wanted British championships and classic body billing for the M it sort of put the final stamp on that or closing of that chapter of body bill and that was happy I said to my wife I'm done and she's like to be yeah until you get another idea in your head and I said no literally it's sort of like where you retire at the top where you've sort of fulfilled your personal goal you go out happy and know that there's no there's no pulling on a string of like come back to this sort of lifestyle or competitiveness so with that mind I'm perfectly happy being retired and just training and doing things for for the level of the basically you were the 2022 Mr Irland and then you won did I hear you correctly you won the British National Championship that year last year most recently you got overall for classic for the British National Championship correct that's that's fucking awesome that's so impressive I'm what what was great for the the overall with the the show to Nord and Irish Championships was my two songs right I earned they got to come up on stage and get medals and it just showed me that the polar opposite of 2022's prep would be in C Eliquero all the inflammation we're trying to keep your literary mind is screaming at you that your tired your big grown be the whole body builder stigma I guess of being an unprept to last you're being very content very happy you know enjoying the journey enjoying being on stage I mean there was a show local here in Nord and Ireland with the PCA British Body Bill and Federation that was like Mr Nord and Ireland for the PCA and I narrowly missed out on winning that by what was literally one point between me and the guy and in first but as soon as we finished that show I did if he drove that show at like 10 a.m. on a Sunday morning by midday we were in a park with two boys and I was covered in tan it was literally off stage the park with the boys which when you look at most body builders were like well what do I do now I go and eat a lot of food or you're focused on the next show to me it was just about enjoying the process last year which a lot of people tend to not enjoy the process as much as they enjoy body building you don't enjoy the journey of getting to the stage well that's an awesome story I think that's a good place for us to end this time I'd love to have you back on so we can talk about some other stuff did you have anything you wanted to add about your services or how someone can reach you yeah so the best place is obviously Instagram DNSTM we do have to supplement companies supplement aids in the UK which are sort of centered around improving health towards body building or fitness so supplement aids to a code at UK's our website on yes I know one story chat afterwards just sent me DM on on Instagram alright thank you so much buddy you have a great day thanks for coming on the show thank you Todd you too great news I am not partnered with talent wellness talent wellness will be able to provide you your medication so you get your consult with me I will review the blood work you got through M&M labs and talent will be the HRT clinic that will get you your medication delivered to your home so there's nothing that changes on your part all you do the same thing you get the consult with me link is in the description box and I take care of everything it's just that now it is now a different HRT clinic and the lab process is going to be even smoother the prices will also be lower than they were with the previous HRT company so this is all good for everyone you love it click the link in the description box to set up your consult today and on with the show

Worry! You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV, where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. Why don't you tell us your backstory, the origin story of Dave Lee? Yeah, sure. So I didn't really have any interest in science early in my life. I was a musician. So I was primarily a drummer and then I got sick of setting up the drums and packing him down after shows. And my friend from school who was a drummer also at the time gave me the option to jump in on vocals for his band right before we did an album. And that was going to my full-time thing. I went to the Western Australia Academy performing arts, got a certificate in contemporary music and then realized that getting a full-blown degree in music is a waste of time. So I ended up getting a business degree in commerce and kind of ran that for a while. I was doing Facebook campaigns back when you could first do like the targeting and the retargeting from the website business and stuff. And everything was going to go in really crazy and then one day I just woke up like I'd spun around on a chair 50 times, fell into my wardrobe. Never really had any health stuff going on. And that continued for years. I had severe vertigo. Every doctor told me it couldn't be fixed. Everyone told me it couldn't be recovered. It took me a year and a half to get a proper diagnosis. And then they said that the stipular neuritis comp healed the nerves damage. So I went back to university. I started testosterone replacement therapy out of desperation to be able to get through what looked like a hopeless rehabilitation journey. And got to post graduate diploma in biomedical science proceeded to start a masters in your psychiatry as a science. Realized that I wasn't interested in drugging people. I thought I was going to learn about how to heal the brain, not how to prescribe a whole bunch of nonsense. So I dropped out of that and eventually put together a protocol with some rehabilitation using BPC back before people were then you about it. Once I did that, I didn't really have any interest in doing anything else except for helping people with their health. So I just basically I did health coaching, but I thought I kind of made up health coaching at the time because no one was really doing it. And I wanted to advocate for TRT to spread the awareness of how it was what a lot of people were looking for. And over five or six years of doing this all day, every day forever wrote a few books, graduated to, I guess, being what I would go and educate her. I trained a lot of practitioners all over the world. I own a clinic in Australia, a clinic here in Europe and I have some partners in the US. And now I primarily educate. I still work with some clients, but I mainly try to educate on a lot of the similar stuff that you do, which is how to do this stuff right because a lot of people need it, a lot of people are doing it now. And 99% of people are doing it wrong. And I don't know why because it's not that complicated. I know why. It's because the TRT model yours and non-cluded is you got this guy who's like, oh look at all those money I could be making. So he basically is either opens a TRT clinic in higher sombatical director that doesn't know they're asked from a whole the wall. And then they get body builders to be customer care representatives. And so they're basically telling people to do one heart-poon injection every four days with a hundred tests and a half of an arimidex. And then the doctor doesn't know any about it. So he just signs off on it because it still fits within the legal guidelines. Cut ahead eight ten years later that's the standard. So there's this blind leading the blind emperors new clothes situation going where they're all meet in the summits and basically conventions and pat each other on the back about what great job they're doing doing the same stupid bullshit that makes no sense. And because they got the the biggest clown of them all and his sidekick Robin are now co-authors with the antibiotics textbook that you have the dumbest lease educated people in the space writing the textbook for all of these TRT clinics. So even if you were a doctor who's under 30 and open-minded and you decide you want to learn how to do it right the only material you have is the antibiotics book which is completely wrong. When I came to the Olympia a couple of years in a road to to speak and doing some like educational workshops. The stuff that like I guess I'm in my echo chamber of people who also know what they're doing and when I was presenting the idea of like breaking up injections and just the basics like you know not using arimidex and addressing the underlying health problems that people are having. It was like people's eyes were just wide at this idea of just what I thought everyone kind of worked out five because in Australia there's like less than 10 clinics in eastern Europe there's one which is Mike Lane and then when I came to the US I hadn't been before and I landed and in the Uber there was an add on the radio for TRT and I was like what the fuck I was like this is crazy. I went out staying in my friend Ali I was like there are more clinics within a five mile radius of your house than the entire country of Australia. This is just it blew my mind so I wasn't aware of how bad it was because I mean I've been educating on how to do it right for a long time and I didn't realize how massively massively ridiculously industry is and how many people are having probably more harm than good done to them by these ridiculous protocols and you know my undergrads in business and as we saw in the last podcast it's a much more efficient business model to sell three things to your hundred guys than one thing to three hundred guys. So they have this whole fries in the coke model like McDonald's don't make much margin on the burger they make margin on the fries in the coke and if you can get a guy on like a discovery call and then freaking out by saying oh you'll be in the first dollar if you don't take HcG and you'll grow tips and you don't take a remodax it's like the easiest sale ever and then it's a reoccurring revenue so it's a very unethical extortioned business model and I think that there is a warm seat in hell reserved to people who exploit people who are looking for medicine I think that that's just fun. What's also extremely unethical is for a doctor to sell drugs that's why we have pharmacists because then you're incentivized to prescribe and these worthless sons of bitches prescribed Tasmaraylan and others secretive dogs because they know the patient can't afford the GH but you're prescribing something that is in the drug and so all these ignorant people they think they're getting prescription peptides when peptides research compounds a peptide is a protein-based hormone it's not what people think it is people think peptides are something that is an illegal antibiotics steroid that's what they think of peptides and you can't prescribe these peptides these secretive dogs because the research compounds they're not real drugs yet and if they were real drugs it'd be a different story but they're not they're these camp on fire missies are buying them from a wholesaler out of China the same wholesaler that's selling them to all of the gray market sites that are research camp websites so these guys are paying $200 a pop for Tasmaraylan because they think it's cheaper than GH and you're saying now you don't shit you're paying more money for the Tasmaraylan than you would be the VGH if GH was cheap through the pharmacy secretive dogs wouldn't exist because the only benefit of them is the cheaper I mean it's and I think the kind of everyone has to go through this like red pilling of realizing how fucked the traditional medical system is because it's all just a it's all just business and it's not ethical business but I was very mind-blowing in terms of how a lot of these countries handle these research chemicals because I'm looking at them and be like these haven't been approved they haven't even been studied in humans yet and it seems as though as long as the pharmacy can make it the doctors will just prescribe it until they get in trouble like I thought that things had to be approved first it turns out you can just prescribe it at the fucking one and then you might pay for it later if you get ordered it but in the interim you can make some good banks so if you find a doctor who doesn't give a fuck and they just want to make as much money as quickly as possible and then you get a whole bunch of influences and given a affiliate code for it who also don't know what don't care about what they're doing you can create a really profitable really harmful business and people like myself and people like you I mean where where here to basically I mean I try to put out as much educational affordable and free content as possible that people can actually understand so that they can read this stuff and at least be able to have an informed perspective before they get sucked in by these credits well part of the problem is people think I hated peptides, baff can march because I did a video that was talking about how they're just terrible students, terrible students they don't hear what you say they remember how they felt based on what they thought you said what I was saying was I hate secretive dogs and peptides because they're bullshit and everything is just a poor man's GH and then I went on to see how the HRT clinics are ripping people off and I'm sort of prescribing GH they're prescribing it's a creed of dogs at 100 times the price and then they're prescribing mk677 and some a gluteide so they're prescribing something then increases appetite and then something that decreases appetite and so they're all crooks and so people who are previously my friends were mad because they thought I was putting them down because they had affiliate codes to peptides whereas I didn't have a negative opinion of mkc I like botc I like mk7 I like tb 500 I'm pretty fucking sure I said that in the same goddamn video but because it was at the end of the video these dumb fuck stop listening it was a 90 second video it's not my fault you've got TikTok brain and you stupid son of a bitch can't listen for 90 seconds to hear the whole thought that you get buttsore and then it's shut it off and throw your phone against the wall because you're an emotional wreck because you fried your brain and try to acetate in a hundred milligrams every other day but like there's a lot of really good peptides but the I when people say peptides generally they're talking about secretic ox which are garbage and it's also about the context and the application for it so when I was dealing with this nerve issue in my inner ear I basically landed on this idea that if I had an intravenous stem cell infusion that could help which was like 30 grand or 40 grand and I had no money but I was like I'll get a loan I'm desperate and I booked him with this doctor who did it and he took the appointment and he walks me and he goes he goes I'm not giving you a stem cell treatment and I'm like why am I here he's like I had what you had and I was like holy shit and he goes he's like I can't prescribe this you didn't hear this from me but this is what you need and he writes down bbc 1,5,7 and a piece of paper this was like back in 2017 or something so you know this was very novel at the time and that combined with all the rehab and all the supplements I stacked with it because like what you've talked about before there's an entourage effect when you combine things with different pathways to achieve the stem outcome you know one plus one equals three and you know that saved my life but now I'm seeing a whole bunch of people being like oh just run maintenance load those bpc all the time to help you with gym recovery I'm like yeah that's it that's a good cell but that's fucking bullshit and it's my friend Dr. Keith Nichol said it a while ago he said it very well he goes all the stuff that people are looking for peptides to do in the wrong situation is what growth hormone does and Rand and I was like that's exactly true if you look at all the things that people are trying to achieve with just I want to take peptides because I heard about it online and sounds cool and you know I I want to you know whatever I'm like what you're looking for is growth hormone these peptides are incredibly beneficial if they are indicated for a specific purpose but otherwise the only benefit you're going to get is a hole in your wallet. When I get all the time as people who got to hold me they're like I saw your videos about master on and it sounds great I want to try it I'm like well then you didn't understand the videos at all I'm saying that master on is a good drug to use once you've exhausted testosterone and you can't possibly use any more testosterone before it gets toxic because master on is testosterone's less toxic little brother it's not stronger than testosterone and theory it could be weaker than testosterone it's something you would add in to get a clean and a ballic effect once you've maximized testosterone and GH you haven't maximized testosterone you haven't maximized GH furthermore you don't add drugs until you fail in the gym you your logbook indicates you're still getting stronger you have not failed yeah and it's it's the same with it with the TNT stuff because I mean I have like a I guess interest in steroids from like mechanistic theory but I'm exclusively a bio identical hormone kind of person and I get guys all the time being like I want to push up my TNT dose and I'm like you want to feel more masculine so you've attributed the idea that if you take multi-salture and it's going to make you more manly and for people who aren't initiated into the space like I can see that logic I mean it's wrong but I can see the the logic and they're in a scenario where I'm like no you've already got your testosterone levels through the fucking roof the reason why you don't feel like the man that you want to be is because you're not living like that guy you're not doing all this stuff and you're not this you're not the outcome of someone who's done that consistently for ages that has built themselves into this person with bravery and resilience and courage and integrity and always different things and up in your TNT dose past the point that is at the upper limit of their human physiology which is not the fucking reference range I mean that's just you but once they get past that point it's like you're just going to get side effects you're not going to get what you're looking for because they're just wanting to basically inject something to do the character development for them and I'm like I understand that desire to do that but the problem is they'll find a doctor who just do whatever the patient tells them to do and then they go back to the doctor and they complain about the side effects of the things that they twist their arm to do whereas a good doctor or a good practitioner if someone doesn't benefit from something I mean I thought the hypocrite goes was real I thought there was this do-know harm thing but apparently that's not a thing it's a myth you don't have to tell the say the oath I did the oath but I only one I know who did it so the other thing is it's why I say all the time like people will be ready to buy and then they're like oh well I gotta go talk to my wife first I'm like let me get this straight your goal is to take testosterone to become more masculine probably because you want your wife to find you attractive and your solution is to go ask your wife permission to become more masculine who's money is this mine the why the fuck do you ask her what you do with your money they're like well I want to stay married I'm like do you want to stay married and be it or do you want to be a man and then they'll be like well blah blah blah blah I'm like what they are too stupid to realize is if they were assertive and masculine and behavior in the first place their wife wouldn't stop fucking them so they wouldn't think that they need the shot to be more masculine so their wife goes back to fucking but nothing is more castrating than to ask permission from your basically a non-working employee like if you support your wife and she doesn't cook in clean you have a maid and a nanny and all these other things all she is is like an adopted adult you adopted this adult that you pay for it's like who the fuck is she to tell you what you can do with your money now don't get me wrong I've had guys come to me and say hey my wife makes all the money it's her money so I have to ask her permission I'm like okay and in my mind I'm like that's still not masculine all the testosterone in the world isn't going to make you feel like a man if your your wife's ward if you're like robbing to your wife's Batman like so these men they have no concept of even what masculinity is and then they think that they can fix their marriage problems by shooting up on tester I don't have much of a sex drive and I want and then they start using testosterone like my sex drive still isn't there and like dude you're 50 years old do you think maybe you're just bored a pussy at this point like how much do you have to have before it's just like it's not fun anymore it's like every notice how little kids will watch a Disney movie over and over and over and over and over and it never gets boring but if we watch a movie twice we're like okay I'm good I don't need to see it a third time maybe once every 10 years you watch your favorite movie it's like after you had sex with the same woman five times a week for 20 years you've had sex with here what is that 250 times you've 5,000 times it ain't gonna get me more fun at some point it's gonna wear off so it's and it's not and after it's about 50 girls whatever the 51st girls not can be the magic bullet it's not gonna be different this time it's been the exact same as all other 50 girls at the sex drive thing they think they're not men if they don't have this overwhelming sex drive and it's like no you just grew out of it it's just at some point roller coasters aren't fun anymore once your body fits under 10% and your 200 pounds roller coasters suck you feel like you're in a pinball machine if you're 40 pounds and you're a big blueberry blob like a child it's like 50% fat and 50% muscle in bone balancing around in that speed is fun but if you're 200 pounds that's four times as much force that's slamming you into the hard um what do you call it fiberglass and metal it's it's something that comes up all the time and I think that so one of the things I was originally interested in when I one of the other reasons I wanted to look into durus likeiatry is that I wanted to work out why so many people just had this like a low grade kind of defensive syndrome like they didn't want to kill themselves but they didn't want to get a bad kind of thing and I really think and you know a lot of these guys they don't need a prescription to multi-stoster and they need a prescription for the rational male by roller to mercy and they need to read it and understand it but when it comes to you know what what these guys are seeking they're just seeking novelty and there's a you know the human brain is why it's a novelty to some degree but when you mature I think that the real thing that we all need the kind of overrides all of that is that we need to be proud of ourselves like being proud of yourself is the best it is the panacea for mental health issue and then you know Jordan Peterson says it very well which is that like you know competence creates confidence and when all these guys that they tell me that they're anxious and like you know anxious you're afraid and you're afraid because you're incompetent and you're incompetent because you haven't applied yourself because you've been chasing novelty this whole time and you know going back to having like the libido that you had when you first found out that your dick worked like that's not going to improve the circumstances of your life that if anything that's just going to make a worse. How is say do you want to become a hero and have it and they're like no I'm like why do you want okay so you don't want to have an addiction to a drug that's readily available that has a fixed price has a dealer that's happy to deal then why the fuck would you want to be addicted to something that has no dealer available and even if you do find a dealer she may not sell it to you that sounds extremely frustrating I was you know I feel that this is going to be popular the whole economy of genitals is set up so that the vagina is worth more than the dick and the reason that is is because women pressure men into thinking if you don't have a higher sex drive than me you're not a real man so that there's this pure pressure that men have on them from society really it's women that they need to constantly be going and trying to have sex with women then on top of that women because they're not that good at manipulation of verbally abused men by telling them all men care about his sex and all men and our cheaters and they put men down for having the sex drive that they want them to have because the higher they've convinced men their sex drive needs to be the more power the woman has sexually over men because if women didn't have power sexually over men then men would have no reason to pay for them and support them if the genitals were equal women would probably starve to death because most of them don't have jobs that pay enough to meet their lifestyle and it's I've seen so many guys I think I think it's sterling Cooper who was saying that the red pills are supposed to are going to get to be a guy the older you take it and that is one of the truest things I've ever heard and you can use a condom to protect from sexually transmitted infections but you can't use a condom to protect you from getting entangled with a girl with borderline personality disorder and the worst thing that these guys do and it's so prevalent all over the world of particularly in Western countries is that they become entangled with someone who's a sociopath and who is an abuser and who is actually who has an anti-social personality disorder and their entire I mean best case scenario they get on a complete awful trajectory and their life ends up not being alive that they're proud to live but worst case scenario they get slapped with a lawsuit they get slapped I mean you've got to fit they get a pregnant and then they end up in a broken home relationship where there's now entangled but someone for the rest of their life who's mentally ill and destructive and it's it's so common especially where I mean these guys are fishing in a poison pond on Tinder and it is it is so common and it is so risky and you know guys will that a woman's a marry her but they won't vet a woman to stick their dick in her and it is it is just is potentially risky and you just you see how these outcomes go I mean guys don't have their lives together they're just chasing approval of women who are never going to be approving of them you know rich group that has that very good saying that women hang out at the finish line and fuck the winners and men don't realize how true that is and it's it's the I really believe just from my own experience because I mean I just crueced up until my kind of you know I was like 26 27 I was like oh I'm just going to do at least a amount of work I can and just you know you kind of just chill and play video games and hang out and then I got this real fire at my house being like no I I want to get to the point when I'm you know 40 if you've to use old where I've built a life that I'm really fucking proud to live and I can honestly say that I almost got to railed by these kind of women a bunch of times but I was fortunate enough that I pulled out of it before there was a big problem and I can't say the same for a lot of other people in there yeah so I think I finally just gave up I had always wanted to have kids I'd always wanted to have a family I didn't always like the idea of marriage but I did like the idea of being a dad and that basically set me up to be involved with women who had kids so I would have these great relationships with these children these stepkids and I would put up with their completely dysfunctional selfish mother and then she would get jealous of how much I cared about the kids and that the kids preferred me for parenting like they bring their report cards to me I'm the one who teaches them how to tie their shoelaces when I cooked them dinner they eat it because I actually make them the dinner the way they want to eat it not just I'm going to make I'm going to slap together some a shit and I don't give a fuck what it tastes like because I'm not eating it and then I'll just yell at the kids if they don't eat it and when they don't eat it and I'll give them sugar and then I'll get mad at them for running around and being a backstress before bad it's like no I would make a specific meal for each of the kids and one relationship I had three stepkids and one relationship I had two stepkids all under the age of nine all five of them so like that was great I love being a dad but the women are such toxic monsters that you can't really have a healthy relationship in America I think anymore with American women and if you could they're probably already married to someone else so unless you're willing to steal a woman away from another man and if she can be stolen she can be stolen from you or unless you get them so young that they haven't turned evil yet but then at that point all of society looks down on you because you're dating someone less than half your age so I'm pretty much I'm aged out of the equation that at 46 years old there's no one who's single and saying and young enough to be marriage material either they're ready divorced and they hate all men because they think all men are like they're ex husband or they've got three kids or two kids so at best you will be fourth or fifth most important person in life there's them their kids their dog their mother then there's you but you have to pay for all of them fuck that it's just people say oh you're cynical it's like when you're 46 come talk to me about how close minded I am or whether I have an accurate assessment of my life and I'm not seeing this will apply to anyone else but I don't think that unless I become a different human I'm gonna get different results if I was to try again when I tried bumble a few months ago because that's supposed to be the last trash you dating up every single woman was late they were late with no makeup on they didn't do their hair or they were on time with no makeup and their hair wasn't done and they brought their kid with them nobody took it seriously no one showed up on time and prepared and ready and then all of their all of their accounts they're looking for long term relationships so when you start talking about long term relationships and trying to define what type of relationship they're looking for they're uncomfortable as if it's too much too quick it's like this is a fucking wife interview you've done idiot what why would if you're coming to a wife interview and this is supposed to be a husband and wife interview where we're interviewing each other for long term compatibility that is the purpose and then like oh that's too much pressure for a first date is like no you're just too much of a flake that you're 40 something years old you ain't got time to waste you have no money in the bank you're 40 years old you have no job you don't have anything to bring to the table at all you should just show up at least put together and try to make this into a functional interview for us rather than just hey it's a free meal fuck this guy which is I guess the way they approach it so I'm pretty much burnt out on it and I would say that I'm so over it and I so don't care anymore I find it ironic that you bring up roll-o-tomasi he actually started following me and so I message them I was like hey man I'm a big fan and so we've been to come friends after just from because he likes war hammer and metal and lifting and he didn't even know I knew who he was I was like yeah man I've been a fan of yours for a while first of my saw you you interviewed me Kayla Peter Vison and you nailed her to the wall about how she didster husband to go hang out with Andrew Tate and then you brought up shorter Petersen too so it's all full circle yeah like so I was I almost got married in Australia and I you know obviously don't want to say anything bad about my ex-feon say but it was it was my mistake and not being able to select a woman who was you know would have been a good wife and I'd like sold my house and I was I was staying in this hotel room I was getting this tattoo done here which was all done like stick and hoax so it was done but so it took like a hundred hours so I was in this hotel for a month just getting tattooed three times a week just you know devastated that I had just like fucked up a whole bunch of my circumstances and it was right when I think this was like 2020 like right when kind of the world wanted to shit never on the cabinet yet and I watched hours and hours of rollo and you know everyone in that space and as a result of it I basically sat there and went you learn the red flags and you learn the green flags and women and I basically sat there and went there was this girl I dated in Lithuania where they still actually have traditional proper values and they actually you know want to be married and and be wives and have that traditional relationship dynamic and this woman was so sweet and good to me when I was still doing rehab my brain injury when I was a fucking mess I had nothing to offer I had no money and she was so good to me and I was like I'm gonna go back and see if she's around I mean I can't go if I have other reasons but and yeah as soon as I got here and you know we started dating and we got married a year and a half good and um that there was so many processes and qualifiers that I put her through and a big part of it was going to her house and beating a parents and seeing how much a dad loved her mom and seeing how like there's just so much love and loyalty that she was raised by and that's just not in the West anymore like people people in the West love and be like oh if you get married you can just get divorced like we don't have that mentality here it's like yeah if you do something horrific the relationship will end but this is once you get married it's like you can't just move on because all you want to go and live your best life and see what else is out there like it's like over here I mean we get down to like minus 25 degrees cells use some winter it is fucking dark for like seven months of the year like you need each other like this is a poor country this is a harsh country and like people team up here out of necessity and when you have these proper strong bonds like I mean I'm 32 like all our friends are married and it's it's so different but in in the West when I see these relationships I'm like the man is not leading the man is not capable of leading the woman's not capable of following and if she was she wouldn't be following him there's so much like I I see women disrespect their husbands like in public all the time in front of their friends and that there's just there's so much shit that I'm like this is just like why are you doing this like what's the benefit like what do you have to gain and it's you know my goal of here is like we live in you know national park on the lake we've got like a very peaceful spot in nature you know there's a castle down the road like I don't really see anyone or speak to anyone I love that no one in my country really speaks English very well because I don't have to over here people's bullshit like one of the best things about Eastern Europe is you go up it did not and you can't understand the bullshit people are saying each other I come home to Australia and I'm like the self-checkout and you just see some you're woman being a bitch to a husband and people just saying all this horrible shit to each other and I'm like I don't want any of that so it's dating in the West is just it's it's it's it's it's rigged against you like the odds of being all the good women to take in and it's just it's it's it's it's it's like finding a needle in a haystack it's just the odds are so against people so and then they go oh well I'm going to move to Eastern Europe and find a wife and it's like it's like hard mode over here like yeah they're feminine and beautiful and traditional but that means you have to be masculine as fuck you need that polarity of roll it talks about but the the part that these guys have to start with and the the most important thing that I try to teach them is that like you have to develop what roll it talks about which is this frame it's like you have your view of the world you have your perspective in way of understanding and you bring them into that and to do that you actually have to understand the fucking world because if you're leading in your blind just going to fuck it up for both of you and I mean I see why a lot of these women don't want to follow men but also like I wouldn't I don't even I wouldn't want to spend any time with any of them let alone co-habitate with them like if if you're not adding value to each others lives and you know if if women aren't soft and feminine and bringing that spiritual energy to the to the relationship it's like what why are you doing it like what what do you even have to gain you just doing it because you think you're supposed to do it and then the amount of guys I know who are either getting divorced raped or some fucking bullshit court case against them that's completely fabricated like a woman will be like oh you fuck me over I don't like you so I'm gonna go to the cops and say that you beat me and rape to me and then I'm gonna ruin your life statistically and it's like that is pure malevolence that is evil shit and unless you really trust someone I mean I would be got close enough to them to be able to do that I actually counsel man that you never let a woman in your house because once they're in your house you can't remove them from their house forcibly even if they're breaking shit if you have gear in your house she will call the police and say you hit her and you are on steroids and you will go to jail that you either take a girl to a hotel or you go to her house and if she lives with their parents you don't date her but you do not let a woman in your house because you can't get them out if a woman blocks the door I actually had to do this with a woman who was a captain of the US army and I listened to this podcast today that you were talking about that yeah I had an order to get out of her house because she was blocked in the door because we were watching one of her drama shows and this woman's crying because she lost her baby and so I started crying so she started making fun of me and called me the F.A. G. word because I was crying I was like I've lost a baby like that too and then she's like oh like we all have and had blood we all have and had toilets full of blood before get over it and I was like you know what I'm not going to be talking to like this fuck you I'm done and I got up at I started leaving and she ran gotten in front of the door and I was like you are blocking that door preventing me from exiting that is kidnapping if I call the police on you you will have a court martial and you will lose your commission get out of my way right now and she froze and when she opened the door and she let me go and she's like real mature she all the bathroom you know that was it I never saw her again but if you go to their house you can I mean luckily she was a cop enough to know I was right but to think that you have to know the laws of kidnapping and where there's a difference between domestic violence, self defense and kidnapping in order to survive a date is absolutely fucking ludicrous and there's no reason to even be involved with that subspecies with that gender like it's so scary that you hear these beautiful stories about people in eastern Europe women in eastern Europe Asia, South America and now I'm hearing that when guys go to Columbia to meet wives they slip their throats and shit it's like well that country is out that's where the bus women are and they have a sexy voice and they're good cooks like a male order bride or a passport bride from Columbia sounded perfect I was all getting a part mid-down there and everything and then I find out that now that's pretty much murder you and even if they don't murder you they'll cheat on you it's like well then that's out so we're pretty much left with Asia like Chinese or North Korean women desperate to get out of the communist country might be loyal enough because unlike every other man on earth most of us western men are not physically abusive so you like they get a good deal it was it was very funny when I was so because of the whole COVID-19 bullshit basically so if you're Australian and you come to Europe you can stay in the shengen zone for like 90 days out of every 180 days and but because I wasn't vaccinated no one would let me fly back to Australia until they made an exception when you know Ukraine kicked off because we weren't sure what was going to happen over here wouldn't win that whole ball went down so I eventually got to fly it out and I got to the border and they were like you've been here way too long and I was like yeah I know but like they wouldn't let me leave so they wouldn't let me back in and it wasn't the only reason we got married basically to continue our relationship with your married and when we were at like the the courthouse in Lithuania they were your marrying in to Lithuania and Australian is marrying in here it's not the other way around I'm like yeah and they're like we don't we have not ever seen this they're like usually it's women marrying out so yeah it's you know a lot of men over here they go you know Eastern Europe's the place to come and I'm gonna find this sweet traditional wife from a small town and all this kind of stuff and it's like yeah Instagram has ruined that like I've been I've been coming here since 2014 to visit my father and I watched Eastern Europe become traditionally West light it's not traditionally gradually westernised over time because of social media and you could really really see it happen and you know now you have to be just as wary of here because there's a lot of opportunistic women who have poor intentions and you know I know men in my immediate family who you know they they married the wrong woman from you know this part of the world of Russia and the day after everything like illegal he became there like half their shit in Australia which I think is like you have to marriage for a year or two years the day after they just slap them with divorce babies and they go you know I'm taking half your shit and it's scary when you see it happen because these guys who get brought up like what roller says on the you know sugar splice everything's nice and you know the Disney kind of fairy tale and when they get that rug ripped out from under them like it just completely destroys the whole fucking life because these guys love these women unconditionally that care bonded with them and then because the woman's broken she hasn't pear bonded back and when I could that that can be disturbing like when you look that in the eye and you see evil in the eye and someone that you've loved like that's that can fuck you up and so I'm at that point where I'm I expected that this is I've had but I'm so much more cunning than they are that even if I'm not dishonest I still can think dishonestly so I never engage in things that will have permanent consequences I always know the ankles I always know the laws like I would never marry anyone without a pre-nup that nothing absolutely nothing is going to be hers when she comes into this relationship with nothing she if she leaves she will have nothing and that'll be that and they'll or there'll be no marriage we'll go to the Renaissance festival and have the King and Queen night us and we'll have a well exchange rings but there will be no law involved the United States government will not have to say in the goddamn thing I do certainly not my relationship and if someone doesn't like it to fucking bad yeah marriage contracts are scary and like a lot of people who don't realize what they've signed until off to their sign it like I mean you're not making a contract with each other you're making a contract with the government and um you know unless there is a reason that you have to do that like let's say you do you have to get a joint loan or you have to get it like unless there's an act like a really really good reason like it's it's most of the time it is the you know it's a risk to real what a lot of things just like with TRT and medicine there's a risk to reward ratio and the risk is massively out because the whip like I think I think I'm quoting roll it again but like the woman you divorce is not the woman you marry and that's when you really find out who they are and it it's scary it's confronting it's disturbing and you know when the sad thing is when like you know yourself you've worked out patent recognition you've worked out odds you know you kind of been around the block and you kind of gone okay like you know this patent yeah but when guys get out of one of those and they just go straight into the next one I mean that at that stage I'm like this is just an IQ deficiency at this stage I mean or or their romantic see believe it or not no one would guess that I'm a cancer right it's just that the FBI has determined that the astrological side most likely to become a serial killer is a cancer and that's when you're super sensitive when you snap you break bad so it's like I don't know if I'm capable of having any real relationship at this point I think I've had so many bad relationships I am now damaged and whether I have therapy or not I don't think it's going to change my suspicion and my low expectations of what an American born Western woman specifically white women will do in a relationship and that's it's sad because I I've went into so many relationships open minded like this one's going to be different and they never were and I said and they even will say at the end of the relationship they go you told me exactly what was going to happen you said exactly what I was going to do and I told you I wouldn't you even told me that we'd have this conversation right now I did every single thing you told me I was going to do and I didn't believe you and you were 100% about right about all of it and I've had that conversation like six or seven times and it's like and so at this point it's like maybe it's not only women maybe it's me but I am mean I'm not going to stop being me there's no way for me to have a sole transfer I'm not going to be able to use necromancy and swap my spotty out and whatever body my sole is it's still going to generate this relationship so if I'm too much in the masculine and all of their male relationships the guys like 60% masculine 40% feminine at best and they're used to being 40% max you're in 60% feminine and I'm going into it like 90% masculine and I'm like look you don't need to work you don't need to cook or get a maid you don't need to clean I'll get a maid I'll do all the cooking you you can do cardio and you can workout you can compete everything will be paid for you just no hitting no verbal abuse no lies and they're like that's it as like that's it no abuse of any sort and no lies and none of them can make it three fucking weeks they can't tell the truth for three fucking weeks so then they're out and then they're like I what just happened I was like I caught you like that was one of the three rules and this none of them can do it they all think it's just you have two low standards I'm like oh I do let's see you meet my extremely low standards and they can yeah yeah I think like when you're in early relationships you have these like you know these rose tinted glasses where you just like you know there's I caught me before I'm quoting you but there's there's there's there's more flags than like there's more red flags and like a Chinese communist party parade and you're just looking right past them with these rose tinted glasses on and then on side you look back and you were like oh this was actually the 20th thing that I should have drawn the line up because if I look back at all the past relationships I had the straw the broke the camel's back was not the first thing it was just that I looked past it because and it's it's just a lot of the time since I went on coaching guys as well and this is something that I found that's really true is that like because I'm very empathetic and I love people for who they could be and you know what I see the good in people and then I give them the benefit of the doubt I'm like oh you know you didn't mean that you were you know coming from this place of whatever and you you forgive them when they haven't earned forgiveness and the problem is that people are not who they could be people are not the good that they have in them they're who they are when they're at that point and they how they show up and how they show up is the thing that's going to cause damage to you and can potentially be vindicted and harmful and malicious and all of these things and it's this romantic I mean many of the romantic so I don't think women are romantic so I think I think nano romantic and when we come in with this you know romantic idea from what we've been brought up on with like TV and Disney movies and stuff and you come in and you you know you see the good in them and you see that you know this this amazing person that's just got a bit of baggage and a bit of trauma and they're acting out a little bit and this and that and this and that know that they're who they are when they're showing up and if they haven't done that work and then damage then it's going to end up badly whether you whether you love them or not and that can be a really difficult thing to walk away from but it'll be more difficult down the track if you really get this big padb on you find actually invest you go habitat you have all these things I mean that's the stuff that just ruins people's lives if they show up late without their makeup on and you catch them lying four times in the first 20 minutes and you give them and you think that you can change them that would be like you have a rotted apple and you think that if you eat it slow enough it'll go back in time and stop being rotted like fruit doesn't re-ripe and once your woman spoiled brat she's not getting unspoiled milk doesn't unspoil. I can get plastic surgery to fix their face but they anybody who was pretty when they were young are usually evil and then as they get older they're just now evil and unless attractive so they've they've they've expired but they no longer have what they needed to have if there was a person who had some type of internal values like they had enough respect for you to think hey she's on prep he needs to eat at 7 p.m but he's already pushed the date back to 8 because he's being accommodating the my schedule he has a very specific diet that he's going to bend the rules and eat it a restaurant even though he only cooks his own food and then you're going to show up at 8.50 soon now an hour and 50 minutes late and then you're not even ready then you're a piece of shit and if men actually had those standards from the very first date they would never have problems in life because and then I always say to myself would you put up with this shit from a man? An answer's never yes women get men put up with shit from women they would never put up with from a man so if you if women want to be treated with the same respect men get and they need to act as respectable as a man you need to show up early prepared with manners and respect and you have to show empathy and the other person and they can't just be like oh you don't have emotional intelligence because you don't understand everything I'm feeling and thinking it's like you haven't shown any inkling at all that you have any empathy towards me whatsoever or respect why on earth would I give a fuck about your feelings if you don't care about mine? Yeah it's the the big thing that I when I was you're at the time deciding you know to get married because this was a big decision for me the biggest overage and principle for me was is this a good person because at you know at the time like I was 30, 31 and she was 29, 2 years younger than me I was like this this you know we're still you know figuring life out was still developing as people but is this a good person is this and my big qualifier was like is this someone who I don't mean you know it's never gonna happen just in your case someone's watching this back try to pin some of me but is this the person who would help me hide a body like is that that's the kind of loyalty that I'm looking for and if someone's got phenomenal morals and values and you know we're still both working on ourselves and we're still you know fought in some ways but that that respect is the most important thing when I was with my ex-fiance and things were super rocky and and all this kind of stuff the conversation that ends at the engagement was me saying it feels like you don't respect me and she said I don't respect you when I said give me my ringback I'm out and that was like super because you invested so much like I moved across the country, I had sold my house but I mean at that point if I'd continue that relationship I couldn't respect myself and then I had to look at two aspects of this being like why did I select a woman and commit to marry someone essentially who didn't respect me and two why am I not worthy of respect I mean I have some role to play in this like there's something here that isn't you know why she's taken advantage of me I mean like I've you know selected to do this so it's it's it's a it's a it's a big thing but respect is the most important thing and you know now in in my relationship I'm very happily married I love being married to my wife and it's because I am on a mission I'm on a quest to do all this stuff and she loves supporting me on my mission like that's that's her role in terms of making my life easier and better and supporting me so that I can apply myself more like I couldn't do any degree of the amount of work and cognitive output I do because basically like I train I do my cardio mobility and then I basically empty my brain every day to the point that I'm basically retarded by the end of the day and I can barely speak and she basically facilitates an environment for me to do that because she loves what I'm doing and she sees the purpose and the benefit and all the stuff that I'm doing and she loves it and believes and it and enjoys supporting me doing that and I'm like that's the only situation that a relationship works because otherwise it's just your competing against each other there's resentment there's it's just kind of like your roommates that are fucking and it's just it doesn't work unless you've got that one shared goal and trajectory that you're leading and that dynamic has just people have been deconditioned from that dynamic due to just Western societal bullshit but it's very rare to be able to I mean guys need to get to the point that they're actually capable of doing that and then finding someone who also believes and that and has that same value and still it in them is very very very very rare. So if I look at a business like a machine that I am the engine and the other people in my business whether they be employees partners don't work I find but employees work profit sharing with employees but no controlling interests that then the machine runs and then when you get into relationship it's like taking sand and throwing it in the gears it just fucks the whole machine up because the girl tries to get between you and your employees tries to poison your mind against your employees wants to eliminate employees just because they're bored and they want drama. Now if you could find I don't even need a woman to support me I'm 100% independent I do everything myself I would like to have a maid so if I had a girlfriend who actually cleaned and did laundry that would be way more useful to me than someone who did absolutely fucking nothing but did drugs and drank all day but that's all I've ever known is women that just drink and do drugs and do nothing so if I act and then if they do have a job it's some like it's a fraction it's like 10% of what I make or less so it's inconvenient that their job gets in the way of me doing what I need to do because they're a whole day of work I'm making an hour so like there's no point in them working at all at that point so I would just I'm like I'm gonna hire you to not do that I'm gonna pay you whatever you make it work just to not work there that's your allowance to not go there because that's getting in my way and then that reads resentment that they actually feel like they have no self-actualization, no self-esteem but they don't look at the big picture is that your job is a liability and it's in the way of the big picture and none of them seem to understand that the more money I make the higher their standard of living gaps that if I was to get increased an income by 10% that would double the amount of disposable income that they would have because none of them look at a guy based off of his net income or disposable income they look at men based on gross income irregardless of liabilities so they see a dude with a Lamborghini in a huge house and they think he's rich but the guy is basically maybe got five grand disposable income whereas if you see someone who's got a Tesla and an apartment he might have 50,000 disposable income a month so it's like that none of them think like that so I don't I can't think like they do so I tried to make teach them how to think and show them the world through my eyes so that they can understand the big picture and be like you don't even have to be part of the machine just don't throw fucking sand in the machine yeah that's that's exactly it so what I when I moved here to the thorania my wife was working at a company called Bolt which is like a European version of the blue book like a restaurant thing and she was like a customer service kind of lead saying and you're over here we don't have like sexual harassment laws we don't have overtime laws like people get paid the equivalent of like 600 to maybe a thousand US dollars a month for working like like brutally like it's horrific so one day I set it down and I'm like what do you make can she tell me I'm like I'm like okay if I work in extra hour a day five days a week I can make that for you so I'm like quit your job and work for me and she's like what what would I do if you I'm like oh work someone out so you know at the start I'm like I'm sitting here being like I don't know what she can do I'm like just like work out my emails and reply to emails and just like help me with stuff because maybe I'm autistic or ADHD or some kind of diagnostics to ship it I can sit online and answer very advanced you know biomedical science questions easily but like doing my washing and cooking and cleaning is like the hardest shit ever because I fucking hated so I was like just assist me for a couple of hours a day with stuff and then you'll be able to I'll match a wage and we can do that and if it wasn't for that I wouldn't have been able to scale my business to what it is and bring her along to basically ultimately you know because our relationship solid and I really believe in it I'm like it because you supported me and invested in me I'm like my gift to you is giving you the life that I'd love to live which is to be provided for or to be taken care of and like that works because it's like it's like it's the the the woman the the wife is complimentary to every aspect of my business it allows me to be way more productive way more happy way it more peace because I can focus a hundred percent on the thing that allows us to live the life that we have because I don't get distracted by just like a life that admin shit which I just I hate doing and that like that I think is like what what one of the benefits of of being I mean obviously if you're a relationship with someone who like doesn't speak English then you can't communicate but when the the partners English is their second language I mean my life speaks fantastic English but it's not a first of those language you tend to communicate love more with actions because that's how you communicate and that's how we you know communicate it you know love and loyalty for so many years before we had a common language and then you can have this dynamic that actually works because you're both complimenting each other's lives it's like yes I'm doing a lot more financially but this stuff in terms of the responsibility and all this shit that you're doing is like that propels this like 10x it's like it's like multiply and I just think that's the only dynamic that works and I just don't think I just don't see other dynamics working and then people will say oh well you know my relationship does and again just like you've said and I've said a million times exceptions always exist they just don't disprove rules and you know yes it sure does work sometimes but most of the time that's what makes a relationship happy because you're both solving problems for each other that you can't solve yourself and that otherwise there's no need for the relationship like it's just if you're otherwise just business partner like you said like when I used to one of my jobs at university was like I managed like a local like music venue and when I it was an all ages venue it was a skate park and when I started writing the program like no one came to the shows it was like it was shit and we ended up selling up the shows every weekend with just local bands coming and playing their first show was really cool and the bands used to get paid like a hundred bucks to play the show and I was like well this doesn't make any sense I'm like I'm going to give a profit split so headline it gets three bucks ahead and support act gets two bucks ahead open and get one dollar ahead and then that way everyone has a stake in the game to promote the show and do a good job and come back and then you know that's where everyone wins and I can't lose because I can't be out because it's on a guarantee and then we can all win because everyone's got investment in it but I'm in charge and that that's how things have to work is that people have to have a stake in the game but the has to have to be respect in the has to be loyalty and most people just don't have that it's like free will like everyone's capable of developing free will but most people are at the level that they can exert it because they're just to leave in the wind to their flows so I think like if you had a wife that had a useful job like a lawyer then you can hire your wife to be your lawyer like I have a corporate lawyer for my four businesses and I pay him a livable wage so if I was married to a woman she could be my lawyer you know same thing with I have a social media manager yeah it would be useful I could employ or if my wife understood and was smart enough to understand what I do and then and a lot of these girls I want to date with they simply couldn't even understand the core concept of what I do they just like so what hospital you work at like I don't work in a hospital but I thought you're a doctor I'm like I know I don't need to work for someone else I work for myself they're like what do you mean a hospital is a business and a doctor who works at a hospital is an employee of that hospital because he's not good enough to make a living owning his own practice I own my own practice I don't work at a hospital and they couldn't get it and I'm like all right well this person's her IQ is too low to understand the building there's no way she can figure out how to get into the building or how to navigate inside of the building or how to remodel the building to make the building run more efficiently so she's not invited back to look at the building it's the same thing it's like if I had if I met someone who is smart enough to understand core concepts like use enough to ask her to get the estrogen where it needs to be to get the IGF one to be where it needs to be then one steps achieved introduce master on instead to drive anabolic if necessary if they could understand that core concept which a lot of men aren't smart enough to understand no matter how many times they watch a video she could do customer service you know or like the blood work I have a huge bottleneck in service where someone orders a blood work review but they're not smart enough to order their blood work and then when the blood work comes they're not smart enough to put it on the spreadsheet for me to read the blood work so if I had a customer service person to facilitate those people and get them ready to wear when I have the conversation with them I have the materials to review the blood work instead I have to have a phone call with them to tell them step one then I have to have a phone call with them to have them do step two then I have to have a phone call with them to have them do step three and at this point it's like this should be four different consoles this isn't one blood work review this is three consoles leading up to a blood work review and so yeah if she was smart enough to facilitate that she would be useful as an employee but and so it wouldn't just be throwing money away supporting this human that has no skillset but whether they're a waitress or receptionist and they're making maybe 20,000 30,000 a year that's not worth my time to have to drive them to work and pick them up because they can't afford a car that's a complete waste of my life like I I will buy you a car and I and you will have this task do this task and that will save me time because the amount of time that takes me to drive you to work and pick you up from work cost me more opportunity cost than you made in that eight-hour shift and they don't get that they think you're an oppressive man trying to control them yeah and that's just absurd because it's it's leadership and it's that it's the ultimate gift is to provide this like if we look at Maslow's hierarchy of needs and anyone who's listening who's not familiar with Maslow's hierarchy of needs like it's the most important thing you can understand from like just how life works whether it's business or psychology and the thing that I found when I was growing up just in terms of like female friends I had all girls I dated is that stress just destroyed feminine energy and stress women would just like just not fun to be around because they weren't as good at regulating their emotions so when they were stressed they just become hard and they they wouldn't have that soft loving nurturing maternal feminine energy that's just like really just you know when you're pouring your heart out to the world and you're on a hero's journey and you're trying like you're doing everything you can like that's the one thing that money can't buy it's just like that softness and when they're stressed that goes away and the bottom of the Maslow's pyramid is like food water shelter so if a woman is financially stressed her feminine energy is just completely gone and that you know if if a woman is you know making minimum wage and working a rars off and can barely pay a bills and has got all this stuff going on and she doesn't have the discernment or the critical thinking to kind of realize that that you know if she does the right thing and find a situation where she can be of use to someone and basically you know not partner in a business in terms like a business partnership but propels something and use those skills to you know really create something amazing it's it's just it just doesn't work and I understand why it doesn't work because you know there's a really good study and it was I'm probably going to butcher it a little bit but they took two groups of farmers and they paid one group a year wage up front and then the other group got paid monthly and then they tested their IQ at the start of the year after they got paid and the end of the year when they didn't have any money left and they found that when people had a bunch of money that IQ points were 15 points higher because when they were financially stressed they were more like a mid to the driven and they were in that fight of flight mood and they were thinking rational and that's the big thing and I see with guys as well like when when guy it doesn't matter how much money a guy is making he has to manage his finances properly so that he feels like he's not you know checking his bank balance to pay the next bill like you know you can have systems of people having read it check out the barefoot investor it's got pictures in it you can look at the pictures not even read the book and work it out but when when someone is financially stressed their lower IQ of their more emotionally reactive and they don't make proper decisions and you know someone's going to clip this and make me sound like an asshole but like dumb women are very endearing because they're sweet and it's like oh it's cute that you know they're a bit ditty but a dumb women will also have a conflict in a relationship instead of resolving it will go jump on another dick like that's that's where that dumbness can become a real fucking problem and yeah people need to read the rational man because it's like you have to see it for what it is and then you have to work out what you want whether you want to be a womanizer you want to do the black pill thing or you want to get married in fact like you you can take whatever road you want to from that but you have to know what you're dealing with because the biggest mistakes that people make in life is getting involved with the wrong what's the black pill? Black pill is this like term that they happen that space where you just like completely just check out of all women all relationships and you just oh they go like I know the term like not a big town yeah men who go their own way where you no longer feels obligated by society to be partnered with any woman you can get your hands on no matter how hideous they are you're just like you know what there is no woman I can get that is above my minimum qualifications for being with me then I might be a two I guess in the eyes of women but my standards for women is a 4.9 if I can't pull a 4.9 I'll be alone yeah yeah and I think that you know if people want to do that voluntarily that's great but it's when people are in voluntarily McDow in terms of that just it's just a cope I think that can be a real problem but you know people I think it's always everybody is everyone who's McDow is basically an insult it's just that they might have a high standard in the cell yeah like I won't date someone who I don't want to have sex with if the thought of dating them what makes me grossed out then I don't want to date them that means technically I'm an insult but it also means that I might have really high standards got girls that I think are four other guys might think are in eight because when I was much younger I would get really good looking girls and now I would not get girls as good looking as what I used to get 10 years ago so my standards are still that high but I'm not at that league anymore so it's just like do I want to play in a lower league or do I just want to not play do I want to retire and so I feel like I just retired you know and when when people tell me that I'm like I in the same circumstance but do the exact same thing like it's because you know you mentioned before it's like maybe a dimension it's like well maybe you've been hardened by life and just learned your lesson like I mean it's it's you know this different perspective I'm definitely cynical but I know I'm right and I know that all the guys who are saying to me like oh my wife's different well she's special she's not like other girls I used to think like you then I met her and then two years later he's divorced and it's just like okay you know I'm sad about it I wish that he was wrong I wish he was right I was wrong but I'm just like we'll see man now the exception is people who are in your boat where they met non-western women where they met a woman from eastern Europe or Asia those women are actually loyal wives so that's the exception and I also think and it's it's it's difficult you know with the age thing as well but it really really helps if you're the first man that she's loved like I think like that's the it's a beer bag and yeah and you know Rollo showed it in the studies in terms of you know if you look at like the amount like the boy as the body count goes higher the initiation of divorce from the woman side goes up as well and I just I don't think women can properly pair bond that many times and I would argue that I think that most of them again exceptions sure but the the first pair bonding is the biggest one and that's like I think that that's really important and yeah that's you know when I was deciding to date this woman who I wanted to be my wife I was like the big thing I learned from the red pill is that you know I pergamy and you know women love opportunities to clean all that kind of stuff and you know I was like well this woman really loved me when I was you know I could barely walk so I'm like well that's probably a good criteria to start dating otherwise I wouldn't have bothered and when she when she first started being my assistant I was sitting there because I wanted to help me with in-voicing because I hate I hate it at the time I was able to pay about like fucking hate dealing with pay about straps way better and I was like well if I give her access to my bank accounts now it can be like a litmus test for issues and a steal from me and then if she steals from you now that'll be cheaper than if we have to get the horse so I'm like this will be a good shit test and I've told her that a bunch of times I mean she'll listen to this and have a lot but um like I've told her that in hindsight and she was like that was probably a good strategy and yeah it's uh it's it's tricky it's it's very tricky yeah like there is a girl who is so nice and so easy going and so attractive compared to how awful all the other ones were that I connected with that she was going to come over I was going to make her dinner most girls now at 10 years ago girls would come over you make her dinner would be totally normal for a state now they're all of they won't even let you send an Uber to their house to pick them up you have to send an Uber to a neighbor's house for them to go to it to get picked up it's there's so paranoid about and it's like well that's because if you're dangerous now no it's less dangerous now there's less danger it's just women are more difficult anyway so this one was so nice she was going to drive over and she I was like this girl's going to fucking murder me she's going to try to kill me and take jewelry out of my safe or some shit because this is going way too easy and then I was like okay well we'll give it a shot we'll see I hit a couple guns in the living room so if she tried some shit I had guns ready and she asked me for gas money I'm like sure I'm like how much you want she's like 40 bucks so I sent her 50 bucks and then she goes to be immediately blocked me and it blocked me on the bumble lap and everything and I'm just like laughing and stuff so I told some people because I thought it was funny and of course some stupid mother fuckers like you should never give women money what's wrong with you I'm like listen here you sink to Monius asshole I didn't give her money as a gift I thought she was so poor because she was from honey actually needed gas money and the money I spent on gas is one tenth what it would cost to take her to dinner that some of these girls if I go at the eat I have to eat sushi which means I have to eat sashimi because is zero carb so she'll order one fucking roll but I have to order a $300 dinner for myself so by me spending $40 and finding out she's a thief that's a lot cheaper than me taking her to a restaurant and spending $300 and then not getting a second date so yeah and I want to be like that's why your poor piece of shit is because you're shortsighted but boy did that piss me off to have this guy give me shit about it who he was an employee he's fired now but he wasn't an employee criticizing my judgment with money when it was like it was a I was testing this woman is she is this all it's gonna be is this you're gonna rip me off for 40 bucks that's so cheap for $40 I find out this woman's a piece of shit whereas if I took her to dinner it'd be at least $100 if not $300 and then especially with someone you know like like a selfie with such a and like one thing that you know I was I was so blessed to be mentored when I was doing my marketing degree by someone who was you know excelling in business and I think he he was like if I asked you to come and like break my garden on a Sunday in your spare time what would you charge me you know I'm like well you know my hourly rate is there's probably 20% more than that because it's my spare time and you go say okay good you go your spare time is worth that is you know worth you basically what you charge plus whatever percent you value your spare time at and he goes anything that you're spending your time on that's a waste of time you're losing that much money is opportunity cost and like you know not only did you save that money but you also like saved the the hours of your time but also like you know one thing I explained to my clients is like I think we wake up every day with a hundred bucks to give and you know that's why like I have someone who managed my social media I have someone who manages like my email address like I have like all these walls set up because like if and you know I had some funny exchanges on the videos that we posted a few on the TRT and home and optimization channel because I was just like I'm just gonna let these morons up because I'm bored but most of the time like I just shield my my my mental energy because I'm like I can't be wasting all the flux I have to give on these idiots because you know no one has ever had a respectful, successful intelligent person like the belligerent YouTube comments like that's just not what good smart people do like we have better I don't think I've ever left a negative comment on a video the only time I'll leave a comment is if I want to be supportive so um and because normal mentally healthy people if they see something that aren't like they just watch something else you press the X button um so it's that opportunity cost and not just your time but also just like you mental energy like when you do stuff like what you and I do like I don't know about you but at the end of my day like you know because I basically do a lot of my clam work in like an asynchronous fashion like I review and provide feedback and then it goes to the doctors and I work very efficiently but like I drain the absolute hell out of my brain I don't have that many flux to give it the end of the day and I just couldn't be wasting my mental energy on shit bags because I'd rather use that time to be productive with my business or help people with stuff that they really need help and that's the thing. What I found was that ignorant comments or verbally abusive comments should be handled differently but either way they put me in a bad mood so that when I do talk to someone on the phone that could be a potential patient if I'm not in a good mood I may not they may not hire me so I'm not going to set myself up to get stressed out. For example that's actually a kind of a bad example um I just yeah I call it a emotional energy that I'm an introvert and I have to spend emotional energy to engage with people with the exception if it's a deep conversation with one person that's intelligent. I can actually get emotional energy again recharge my emotional battery from talking to you but if I have to talk to multiple people in a casual way like the best examples of party where you basically go around and you small talk people that is draining as fuck for me. I would just sit in a corner and eat my chicken rice and then people would walk up to you and ask you like what you eat and it's like they can literally see that it's chicken rice and like chicken rice and they're like oh yeah I could see that and why do you ask okay so I'll just make you small talk it's like why would you make small talk what's the benefit and I don't understand it it's just the most alien concept to me so I hate people that make small talk because I feel like they're psychic vampires they walk up to you and they suck energy out of you right and and so with the same thing with the comment section so many of the comments section just irritates the fuck out of me because it's the most ignorant bullshit ever and they're new people like all they just found you they've never heard of daily injections they've never heard of master on being in the offseason they've never heard of using long acting drugs it's like the status quo on everything is wrong so I can't and then I have no credibility with this person to win an argument so I just ignore and shit like that and then ever since I just ignored comments I my life is so much better I used to try to engage everyone but it just made me mean and it's counterproductive it pushed people away it doesn't pull them in yeah I think I heard you said out of podcasts you're an IFJ is I yeah INFJ is well I'm DJ I can't understand yeah yeah INTJ is that's introvert and it's the rest of it intuitive thinking and judgmental yeah whereas the the F is when people are feelings yeah yeah I'm not that one yeah yeah and part of the you know when I grew up like I I always kind of felt like there was something wrong with me being introverted when everyone around me was extra and then I you know when you kind of do those person at now any type of test and you meet other people and you kind of you get to the point as well like when you coach people that you realize that everyone's flawed in their own way like everyone's fucking floor and that's fine if you can learn to play your strengths and it's when when I'm super introverted one of the things that I've realized before I did this I was teaching secular based mindfulness meditation to teachers and parents so that they could teach their children emotional regulation so we were you know referencing studies it was completely non-religious and it was really cool and one of the things that we observe and I think everyone knows is that if you read comments on YouTube you can have all the best skills of mindfulness in the world you can know that they're just dickheads who are just you're sad and miserable and projecting but we haven't had our brains you've all fast enough yet to actually be able to separate it to not be real and when you react and respond to these people you end up taking on that energy and response and you know I notice like my blood pressure goes through the roof I get pissed off I embody it I have to calm myself down and I'm like why am I even doing this so yeah I the way that I sorted it out is I just deleted all the social media apps off my phone only my friends and family have my WhatsApp and then I just if I need to go and Instagram or Facebook groups I do it on the computer so I can walk away from it's that works very well but yeah I've had so many podcasts go up on like other channels and a government bunch of users and I'm like I'm not gonna open the comment section at all because if I open it and someone's being a prick and they're wrong like I just I can't go down that rabbit hole because it's gonna ruin my day and I don't gain anything like there's nothing to gain because you can't argue with stupid that's the most important thing I've learned is that stupid people will never be able to realize that they're wrong because that's you or FJ's because FJ's are very strong opinions grounded in their feelings yeah you can't rationalize you can't educate you can't convince those people because they've made up their mind based on bullshit so FJ people are completely worthless that I don't pee a pee people are annoying because they're wishy-washy and agreeable I mean I'd rather someone who is a TJ's exclusively because they think and they make decisions on their thoughts and I've tried to work with FPs I had hired two FPs at the same time one was an FP handyman and one was an FP researcher and they were complete fucking nightmares to deal with one of them was an hour late the first day an hour late the second day seven hours late the third day and didn't show up at all the fourth day that was the handyman so like nothing got done and then the FP researcher needed a couple hours a day worth of direct emotional communication to feel special and it was the most creepy weird interactions I've ever had in my life and then he started complaining to other employees about me being a jerk because I wasn't paying enough attention to and I'd really bad stuff I was I'm downplaying it and I was like yeah this guy's got to go why on earth would you complain to the other employees about me not paying enough attention to you when they're just gonna tell me what you're saying yeah in writing it's like I learned the hard way in life that like feeling stoned matter like no one cares about how you feel because everyone cares about what they feel no one cares yeah and the the part that you get to with that is that you know at first people who are very caught in their feelings they might get sad about it but you just have to get to the point where you just go well that's just what it is and then then it's just fine it's just okay that's reality and the the feeling stuff is very difficult but one of the value I mean I thought I didn't have a filter and then I found you all videos and I was like oh I'm very tanky about you but the value is that when clients come to us for consultations because the consumer journey is now so long with social media people will watch hours of your content for months before they contact you for a consultation so I used to ask people because you know when I was trained and and mentor advice and counsel is in terms of communication I used to ask people I say do you want me to sugarcoat this or do you want me to give it to you straight and then everyone always said give it to me straight because that's why they were coming to me because that's what they wanted so it's it's very refreshing when and I often tell people you know if you if you if you feel uncomfortable or like there's a reason I don't wear a suit in my videos because it would be an authentic because it's just not me and if you can authentically put out exactly who you are and how you communicate and people come to you based on that then you can have recharge and conversations people like my consultations are booked for 45 minutes it typically go for an hour 15 to an hour and a half because I get apped up talking to people and solving their problems and you know analyzing them like an interconnected series of systems and teaching them and you know basically critically solving problems but you put me in a room where I have to make small talk with people that I don't know about bullshit and like I'm often signaling to my wife being like I need to leave I need to leave I need to leave I need to leave I'm going crazy I just want to go home and hang out with my dog and it's one of the best things about living in a country where English is a second language is that I'll get to an event and people will be like oh I'm sorry we're being rude and we're not you know speaking English to include you in the conversation and I'm like it's fine trust me it's fine I'm playing a game on my phone it's totally chill and then it's socially acceptable for me just to not be a part of the conversation and then they don't feel bad I don't feel bad and it's wonderful I'm like this is so peaceful and it's fantastic and then when I do have a conversation with someone like if we're not talking about like you know higher level stuff in terms of like you know humid dynamics or relationship so you know stuff that actually means something it's just like someone is basically plugging in a power outlet into my energy and charging themselves off me and then I used to hang out with people who just they'd be down in the dumps and tie it all week and then they'd have that social interaction on the weekend and they'd have to lie at the mob and I'm like I just got back from Italy and just being in close proximity spaces to other people on the plane and in the streets just draining to me like I just had to go home and just go into my room put the air conditioner on crank Netflix and just be in the dark room and I used to think there was something wrong with that but then I was like no that's totally fine like that's there's nothing wrong with that that's if you're comfortable with who you are and it's working for you fuck being like everyone else like if being like everyone else is the goal I don't want to play that game you can't fit in and be exceptional yeah so I've never felt like I wanted to be like other people I've always looked down on people that were different in that respect I've always felt that my way was the right way and everyone else way is the wrong way and it's like and people are like oh that's so arrogant it's like okay and then I laugh to myself because I look at where they are in life and I look where I am in life it's like yep I'm the one doing it wrong it is like you got it all figured out buddy but I'm enjoying this conversation but I've got to get my next meal in so I'm never how do people get a hold of you? Yeah so I am at advanced fundimensionalhealth.com I have three extremely affordable $29 ebook so that put all my IP and information in if anyone is listening to this and listen through the whole podcast and made it to this point if you want the books and you can't afford them email me I'll send you them free I'd rather people have them um I also have an Instagram I'm David Lee and I have a bunch of videos on YouTube either on the TRT and Home and Optimization Channel or on my own channel I try to put as much information up that people can actually understand I don't use big words to sound smart I try to teach people and if people want to get access to me outside of doing a consultation I've got a long wait list and you know it's it can take a while I have a group called the TRT Academy on school it's $19 a month and I do two video Q&A is a week so you can ask questions and advance in the video gets uploaded you can answer in fact and the reason why I make it put it behind a paywall is that I put a micro transaction there because I know that if there's a small exchange then people actually value my time so it's um I try to make as much content accessible or free to people as possible and that if people want to build a consultation with me they can if you're in Australia we can treat you for TRT with primal zone if you ask us for shit that you don't need we will not sell it to you it will get declined and if you're in eastern Europe we have a clinic over here as well and we're soon going to be servicing Scandinavia so we're trying to make TRT available in countries that have strict borders and so that people can do it that way if that's what they need to do. Awesome great to hear that all right you guys I've heard that a Scandinavia they definitely see steroids is criminal yes so the way that we have to do it even if you so even if you have a prescription in Europe and you send it across to Scandinavia it will still get seas and you'll get called into the police so what we did is we built a pharmacy because one about owners lived in Norway for a while and he's really passionate about it so we sorted it out so that we send it to your pharmacy in Scandinavia which is legal and then you can buy it and pick it up from the pharmacy. So we're trying to sort out a system where we can do free career shipping to Scandinavia as well so and also we're in Europe but our biggest goal is helping people out in Scandinavia because you can't order shit and a lot of people needed so we're solving that problem and we want to get it sold in the next couple of months. All right that's fantastic thank you so much for taking care of people all across the world man well thanks for coming on the show I know we did intend for this to be a masculinity episode but I mean it can't hurt since that's why most of these people are really using this toaster them they don't really just want to be a drug addict they want to be more masculine that's I a hundred percent agree and I think that people think that injecting test or serum will change their mental dispositions it changes the foundations so that when you apply this knowledge it actually sticks but it won't rewire your consciousness like you have to do that yourself and learning proactively like pre-hub is cheaper than rehab so like you know finding out this stuff and being strategic before something goes wrong is a good way to do it but masculinity comes from changing your behaviors and then being an outcome of the person who did that you know thank you so much for having me as I said before I have watched so much with your content that my wife has waited out about it so it's awesome to be able to be here and have a chat all right cool well I'll talk to you later today thanks for coming on the show man thanks so much

You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. Remember how we were talking about how, like, oh, your five reps or less otherwise it's fatigue bro. And then Paul Carter's like the king of the side of the ablanz. It's because he's on TikTok. It's like his audience are all like green stick, fractured, gumby mother fuckers, where you could basically, they can do five reps with their 200 pounds. And nothing's going to snap off the bone. And he's in his late 40s and he's doing like four or five reps with a billion pounds, making it look like old ass men like me can do that. We cannot. That he's been powerlifting this whole time. He has Adam Mantey and Skeleton. I could use that by this point. I'm already bone on bone. Put that in my hip, please. You're going to be get another one done. She can be a cyborg like they've taken Roman. Just just fucking do it. Just get the other hip and then you can just have both of them. I have a serious question. They're like, how many of these broccoli head kids do you think are going to end up like with my hair in the near future? Well, I hopefully they watch my channel and they learn about using the safest protocols possible so they don't lose the hair by using testosterone as a base molecule. But using testosterone as long as your dick works don't use more test use antibiotics steroids. They're safer for your hair. So that testosterone is a sex hormone not an antibiotics steroid. So, okay, I'm so glad that you just said this. I have such a big bone to pick with these high-deage tea derived cycles. Like run testosterone as your base, please, for the love of God. It's actually going to be really interesting to see. I want to see what the heart disease ramifications are from the super like two grand, remote cycles and stuff like that in 200 tests. Oh, let's back this up. Like 200 tests a day or 200 tests a week. Okay, that's totally fine. That's a test base. That's an HRT level of test. I think that's totally cool. And I think pre-mo a baby dose of pre-mo to control your baby dose test is totally unnecessary. No, no, two grand. Oh, two grams. I thought you said 200 milligrams. No, no, so I did, I actually didn't experiment. So when I was on 120 tests, you'll like this one actually. So this is good for your audience. So I did 120 tests. That was my test level, right? And I actually usually pull back like a 1400 or 1450 man and remember, desolater. My doctor's always asking me and I'm usually missing like one shot a week. So it's usually like between 80 to 120. So I averaged out a hundred. So this is a really good baseline to start up because I'm so low. But my breeds are fine. My estrogen sits at a 76 to a 78 for the chronically for like the last pretty much four years. Since I saw bodybuilding. So a little bit higher. Empathy. Empathy. That's right. Emotion. That's it. The E words. The E words. It keeps him married. That's right. That's keeping me married. It keeps the wife in the house. Yes. She laughed at your own body. You got to sleep at night with you. Me. She vetoed it on Saturday and Sunday. I was like, holy shit. She's going to let him play this late. It's past his bedtime. She's like, She's like, we're going to dinner. She's like, She's like, she looked at me. I thought I was going to die. I was like, dude, I can't. Then not this time. You get away with another. She raised him to a Gucci purse. And she pulled out her her primo and her seros dim and the she pulled out your balls. And she's like, you see this. This is going right back here and we're going to dinner. But as long as I have this Sarah would have been okay with that deal. I was going to throw them. It's like, Sarah. I have my primo. I have my primo. I have my primo. My, Sarah. Okay. Like it's all from legally blonde. It's like, Just doing the bend and snap. That's what that's what I like about. Oh my god. Bend and snap. It's like that's the pivot for bikini. That's how I teach people to already on. Like just bend and snap. Yeah. I was like, But you will like this one. You know, You don't know what to do. I'm going to go through my pro l, Bro, my pro l, I can was a 44. You want to talk about emotions. Oh, it's like, Oh, man, Bro, I was like, I was like, Why am I watching Disney and getting emotional right now? Like I felt like I want to break down with the end of the movie. I was like something is off right now. And I'm going to, One to 20 does not like running trend. So, But my product is higher than when I was running trend. That's for sure. So I get my labs back and I'm like, All right, well, I need to fix this. I told my doctor after the facts, but the first thing I did with a walk up there that I took in a room. I was like, Okay, yeah, I know you're going to ask, So I'll talk the loop system. So like bring down the estrogen, bring it on the pro l, and second hand, right? So that was my methodology behind it because I was an estrogen, so high can bring it down. I'll be fine. So I ended up doing half an aromasin. Well, that did one. But ended up doing 2.5 milligrams of aromasin every single week. Because usually it doesn't impact my lipid profile. That much, right? When I have graves as easy, so I have to watch my cardio bass or markers for sure. So after one month of doing it, my estrogen goes down from, I believe this time it was a 78 and it went down. 10 times, let me guess, 39. Close. 32 actually. Oh, okay. 32 very close because I, Like I was 65% suppression. Okay, that makes sense. Yeah. I was thinking 50% but I got to confuse with the 78, but I was about 78. So 78, so it's 50%. The aromasin is 65% X is an X of best thing. X of, X of the same. Yeah. So after that, what happened with my lipid profile is super and harassing other cardio bassar reads too. So my homo-sistine went up from a 7 to a 22. And so wait, that's it for you guys out there. That's from a 14 the max scale. It was out of 22. So my homo-sistine was high. My able be one from a a can't remember it was in the 60 somewhere. Maybe like 69 or 68 or just go with 69 or like the number. And it went up to a 109 on the APOB able be read stops at 100. My LDL for the first time and I'm on a zidimide, by the way, 10 milligrams per day. And I also take like Easter medicine stuff like 600 milligrams of red rice. He's extract, et cetera. And my LDL went up to a one. Oh nine or one 12, I can't remember but it was the first time it's ever been about 100 since I even when I was bodybuilding was about 100. It was after I stopped bodybuilding and went over 100 and I got on the zidimide. So then I came back off I was like, let me ask you to allow this to come back up and my pull act and do come down by the way. My pull act and keep me on wedded and she just cut the aroma and half. I was doing 12.5. But why not go down to 6.2 because it was a circular pill that's like I can't even like it's like I'm not even a pupil. This is why I use liquids. I see I hate liquids because the dispersion issues. Shake it. Bro. You just shake the goddamn container and it goes back in suspension. See I always had an issue though. For some reason the half-life stability didn't make sense. Like it wasn't ever stable when I was taking it like this. It doesn't need to be stable if you take a tenth of a milligram every day twice a day. That's different. But I don't need to do a tenth of a milligram. Well I guess I could do a tenth of a milligram. I don't know. Yeah. Okay. So you have a tenth of a milligram. Because if it's 25, then a tenth is 2.25. Yeah. So then if you take twice a day it's 0.5 a day. So you're talking about 15 and it's approximately. Okay. So that would make sense. It's really quick. Yeah. You can just you can titrate it perfect to give the exam. That's just the exact estrogen you want and land that plane. So either way, blew my heart now. So I let my estrogen come back up right? I'm like, I'm a black and guy cut down at half. I'm so feeling emotional because I had a 24. I still I still am crying during Disney movies. So let it come back up. I'm like, all right. Let's fix the cardiovascular. All my cardiovascular reads, basically went back to a normal right? What they originally act. We're at get on. Sorry. Wait, no. They didn't. It after like two more weeks. They didn't go back down to normal. They were still like they were coming back down but super, super slowly, right? Then I was like, you know what? I was like my estrogen, but my estrogen go back. Did go back up to get ticket guests. 78. 76. So two less than the 78. Okay. So with the error margin of the testing. Like, it's not exactly right. So then my pro-locked and did so. It was like, all right. I'm done with this. So get 30 milligrams of pre-mo into the mix. So 120 tests, 30 milligrams of pre-mo. Oh my god. It probably brought it down to 15. Wait. Not quite that much. I'll give you hint. Not quite that much. 18? No. Not quite that much. 22. Okay. I'm just going 36. What? For hire. It didn't even cut it. And man, I think that's the best way to do this. It didn't even cut it. And man, because usually with me, 20 milligrams of pre-mo a day is going to cut it right in half. For a 30 per resource. Oh, 30 a week. Oh, I think you've been 30 a day. No. Like 120 total per week of tests. 30 milligrams of pre-mo. A pre-mo a week. Oh, God. Okay. That was very powerful. Yeah. Entire estrogen. So that's how much is it? That's why I tried to tell people. If your pre-mo is properly dose, I mean, it's a crushes your estrogen. All right. Actually, my here's just picked up. I noticed it when I helped on pre-mo almost immediately because the estrogen was getting down lower. But my, my pro-lactin went down to a 12. So finally within range, homo-sistine levels dropped. It went back up to a, it was at like a 24 or 22 before I did the pre-mo. It dropped down to a 10 on the homo-sistine. So back down within ranges. The LDL dropped from the 110-ish marker all the way back down to a 79. Yeah, I'll ever pay attention to his A-pobie. Because every A-pobie is the aggregation of all the athletic potential. So the other factors are just red, hearing and confusing. The patient is just like, wanted to, just do, just, just what's the A-pobie? And then like, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my. All I care about his A-pobie. And then like, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. It's 2025. We use A-pobie now. And if we don't use A-pobie, it's because they're old and stupid. And then they're like, okay, no, only read them for LDL is honestly plack build-up factor, more so than anything else. But if your blood glucose is in check, you're taking a large dose of nato kinase, then the, the risk factor of, like, plack build-up is relatively low. If you're managing your, like, meta-due. And then the pressure, inflammation, then the LDL doesn't matter somewhat. She got to have the, the trinity. Exactly. The, the aphosicurotic triad. That's exactly right. And then you don't get Alzheimer's and dementia. Which also you need to sleep for that. Stay away from heart battles. But yeah, there's, I think I calculated out there's five different mechanisms of contributing risk factors for Alzheimer's. And Benadryl's not one of them. So yes, it's a correlation, not causation. Right. Exactly. Yep. But just because court, there's synality is correlated with Benadryl. And synality is a symptom of Alzheimer's. But that doesn't mean that Benadryl causes Alzheimer's. They're two different completely different converging pathways to synality. So you want to talk about some loop. Let's, let's, I'm, I'm going to go like, full. I can't say the word because I'll probably get canceled. So you can't get canceled off my, okay. Yeah, I'm so full. Okay, I'm going to fall autistic for a second neurodivergent way of a politically correct term. I think now we don't do politically correct here. Okay. We say nerdy fuck. Yeah. Go in full bone. Go in full bone. All right. So they're with me. All right. So gastrointestinal system, which no one talks about, right? Basically your recirculation of everything is happening through the gastrointestinal system to a certain extent. Mm-hm. It's super interesting. I'm curious to see if we eventually see direct causations of one breast cancer and beta glucoronidase enzymes being too elevated because they're recirculating phytosestrogens, which by the way, have also seen a men trying to smash AI's, having issues with beta glucoronidase and the recirculation of estrogen and they can't get out of their body and like because it's recirculating through your gut. And then that's one thing. The other thing is potential dementia and increased blood glucose risk. And the also the actual integrity and intestinal lining. So it's an insolent lining. So it's an insolent lining. And what redats going to have an issue with the gamp junctions. Yep. And then we have the biotin starvation and hair. And so which one is actually causing is a micronutrient deficiencies to your hair that's causing the hair loss or as you blast and gear because on to test your eye and gear, I don't think you're really going to have hair loss issues from DHT. So is it your gut because you're jamming a bunch of food down your throat and your guts jacked up and you have a bacterial overgrowth. So these are all things and then you have also the histamine dribble which you finally have correlations with or the histamine's causing hair loss. You're been saying for a long time and you're bloated on stage and you have water and it's not because you need a diuretic because your histamine content's high, your angiotensin's high and your gut sucks. That's why I always do the lyratidine, the serdezine and the Dio and hybidardaley. And then I'll take benedrial the night before the show to make sure I'm dry as fuck from a different mechanism. So I'm curious, like Dio and hybidard are you taking drug Dio? Dio and hybidard. No, no, no, let me just go get it. It's called histamine digest. And actually it's going to have a histamine digest. So Dio is the enzyme that breaks on histamines. That's in the kidneys. The issue with like, right, it's the anti inhibitor that hold them. Let me just look at the histamine digest. Sure it is. Dio gets super expensive when you're jamming it down like to actually. It's expensive. No, I know how much across. It's a poor, poor, it's, um, catalysts and Dio porcelain kidney protein extract. 4.2 milligrams daily. And it's a 30,000 HDU for histamine neutralizing enzyme. Yeah. Yeah, you're right. I'm taking pig Dio. But I guess this means that people who are halal and kosher can't do this. So Dio is amazing. But like one issue that I have with like the functional spaces, they try to throw all this estromedicine at them. Sometimes Western medicine is way better. And curious, are you taking all the antibody chance? Low dose on track zone? No. No. So it changed my life, man. I actually have the shingles for four months. And I try to, I finally fix my seabed, right? Small test of bacteria overgrowth can lead to overgrowth and leaky gut as having really bad zongolins. The highest zongolin I ever had was a 760 by the way. Okay. So let's talk about those. Yeah. The gap junctions are broken down, creating leaky. My understanding is gap junctions are broken down to the enzyme that's released in order for us to digest gluten. It is zanolin the name of the enzyme that eats the gap junctions. Things zongolins the breed. All right. I think it's a protein one second. Yeah, zongolin is approaching that regularly. It's a tight junctions of intestinal walls. I was like, I think it's a great one. Right. That's, I thought it was part of the gig. It's the, the, the, the rebar that holds the cement to get up. That's correct. And that it, and it gets digested, it would break apart. So you, we want zanolin the way you phrased it was zanolin. No, you know, you, you want low, lower zanolin, the lower zanolin. So zanolin, it controls the permeability of the gut lining. So if it's too high, so let me just read this to you really fast. This is from Maryland University of school. When zanolin levels are elevated, it can lead to increased intestinal permeability. Okay. Hold on. Then levels detected in the blood. That might mean that it's because it's been broken down and released from what it was holding the cell together. The zanolin levels in the, the gap junctions, the zanolin holds it together. So if we're seeing zanolin levels high in the blood, it means it's been broken down and released into the blood. Yeah. So it's, it's weaker. Yes. Right. Okay. Yes. Yes. Good thing if detect you in your blood is a bad thing, because it's not supposed to be in your blood. It's supposed to be in your intestinal lining. Yes. Yes. Because what I always have to say to people when they tell me, but cur, havens, such, injecting, GH under the skin is better than in the muscle because you have higher GH levels. So like higher GH levels in the blood, we don't want our GH in the blood. We want it in the muscle. Yeah. I mean, yeah. And the body's again, eventually, it's a peptide, right? So the body's going to do with it, what the body's going to do with it eventually. We're just like, please, give me some MGF out of it, right? And it's like a random generator. I'm actually curious if they ever figure out that formula. We have no clue. Like it's like, that's why I like taking direct, I'm GF is a different exon. So there's, there's one gene for, at GF one, A, E. And then there's at GF one, A, C. And then the A, GF one, A, C is also called M, GF. It's in, there's intrans and exons in the gene, and depending on which exons are used to make the transcription on RNA in order to make the translated protein, that's what determines if it's IGF one or MGF. And that we don't control that. That, that happens to do with mechanical tension. It drives MGF expression. GH, binding of the GH receptor is what drives IGF one. Traditional IGF one expression in the muscle cell. Yes. Okay, with you. I was seeing where you go. Yes. Well, at the end of the day, like when you're doing growth hormone or IGF one, the body's going to try to repair, what the body's going to try to repair. And that's like it. It's going through your system at the end of the day. What were you even, oh, yeah, Zoneland, right? Zoneland. Yeah, so load also on track zone, being a miracle drug. So load also on track zone essentially binds to the opioid receptors. And the US, the US, the US, you use an ultrach zone for like alcoholics or opioid addicts. That's right, thought. I thought it's like, it's not the one, I think I can move dry on a blank, but methadone. It's not like methadone, but it's in the same application as methadone. That's correct. So long and half life is a short peak. And the short peak is a low addiction potential. So if you switch someone from a short half life, high peak to a long half like short peak, you can win someone off, like switching from Zoneland to value. So I love this. Because again, you're talking about habitual things. Like it drives dopamine, right? And that creates habit. So that's why Zoneland is so bad. It's such a short half life that you keep having to re-op on it. And that's why it's so highly addictive. It's kind of like cocaine. It's so highly addictive because like in and out, in and out. And you have to keep re-opping and it creates a habit out of it because the dopamine are spawned. And that's a long, we can have a long conversation about the pro-lactin issues that dopamine to and recreation. Which is why I'm such a big fan of retitude side is that it's pretty much blunt still but means seeking behavior. So retitude side is a great adjunct for addiction medicine. So they just don't know what exists yet. It's how you, well, they're doing research actually on, it's either a Zempig or some of Glutide and Pornatics right now. Like there's a few things. I've definitely noticed that myself is that versus I started using retitude side, Porn's gross. Interest. It's like, I've just like, no interest. What ghosting are you running at? I noticed that with one milligrams twice a week right now, I'm doing two milligrams twice a week. Okay, so I actually am doing an experiment with one milligrams once a week right now because with graves, these are the most strict on it. So I have a lab. So it's not a mystery. I would eat a pint of ice cream two hours before this lab because I could feel like I was hypoglycemic because I'm just metabolizing everything so fast. That's why my calories are so high you guys in the office. And we just didn't know at the time. My blood glucose two hours after a pint of ice cream was a 42. Wow. I once did that with trend. I was doing just a regular amount of trend. Nothing fancy like 20 milligrams a day and 200 decade I used to do that for years. It was 200 decade, 20 milligrams of trend. It was like a perfect. And I had a keto mojo. And so if you hit like a three in the keto mojo, you're in ketosis. I ate like a whole bag of gummy bears, like 150 grams of sugar worth of gummy bears. And I had like a six on the keto mojo. I, that with trend, your, so insulin, so insulin, so insulin, so the one trend, you can eat an entire bag of gummy bears and still being ketosis. It, that's crazy, by the way. So that was after a leg day. I my way of hoping from the leg day is slam the whole bag of gummy bears. And then I did my keto mojo when I walked in the door and it was like boom, six. Then like the next, then a couple hours later, 12. Then the next morning 24. So this is like, this is like, I was just like damn. Try, try people under us and me how strong try and actually is. And the older that you get, the more you notice how strong it is because then you start noticing the side effects behind it and it's like the acid reflux, which is usually from hisdoons. I don't know why, no one talks about this. It's from hisdoons. Usually it's from hisdoons. It can also obviously because a glucocortic order is up. People forget that, well, they don't know this, but there's three histamine receptors, H1, H2, H3, H3 is a lyrtonis. H2 is on the fundus of the stomach and has gastron, a proton, hydrochloric acid production. Yep. Gastron is released from the gamus cells in the pancreas. People know about the alpha cells for glucocone and the beta cells for insulin, but they forget about the gamus cells or release gastron. And then the pancreas sits right up against the fundus of the stomach. So it's not even an endocrine hormone, it's a paracrin hormone. And it binds to the fundus of the stomach, binds to the, the gastron receptor, and then that facilitates the H2 binding, I think. And that's what causes the hydrochloric acid to get released in the stomach. Yep. And the interesting thing, so I was doing tons of research to try to see how to inhibit H2, like stinging atle, I mean, like, I was even looking into like, manucahoney or something like that. Stinging atle's one that's really good, porciting, like you know, if a porciting is H1 receptor and also helps detoxification of histamine, too, there is not a way to directly inhibit H2. I could have find this one. Renata demon, the medication Renata demon, I think. That's it. You can do it with hot-sand-riddenity. Right, but again, if we lose stomach acid, we lose the ability to adjust protein, which means we don't absorb the protein, which means you're gonna get impacted colon, which is gonna cause abdominal distension, which is gonna eventually cause a big waste. So, you have to do B10HCl and drive it if you're stomach acid as high as you can, so I fucking hate that shit. It's, it's, it's, it's, yeah, it's super interesting because like B10HCl, like when you're on like trend, you talk about like you're taking six caps before four-year meals. You're probably growing H-plory by that point from just feeding it so much stomach acid before your meals, and then you have to dress H-plory on the back end of your prep. But like, who knows this stuff? Not any normal gastrointuralisers. You're the only one I've talked to. I've known a lot of GI experts, and then when I started asking them questions, they don't know shit. It was like, I'm like, I know this stuff. You're not a GI expert. My GI skills are like a two out of 10. And I know more than you do. You're not a GI expert. It's just the general publicus of zero. Is, do you've got a one in the general publicus of zero? It's, it's super interesting that I was very much opposed to antibiotics at one point in time. And the antibiotic systems that everyone's using now is like two, it's refaxing it in Cipro or Faxman in Eomacid. It's like, they don't actually look at the actual bacteria and like, oh, cool. We can use a singular antibiotic and hit three to four of the different strains that are super high or B. It's low enough. Why don't we use Allison and a biofilm tool to break it down to get rid of it rather than blasting the entire gastrointestinal system. Kill off the wrong strains, make you resistant to other antibiotics or antimicrobials because antimicrobials do the same thing, changing it at a genetic level, technically. And then it's like, just look at what's in front of you. Like, I've got a funny dinosaur. I leave her in the bathroom really quick. I've got a fucking dinosaur. All right, I'll get it out from two then. I feel like Tangy. She went so much. Yeah, I actually, so like, I was at the dentist, my dentist is cool. And she's like, well, we're gonna, I'm like, she's cleaning my gums really hard and it's just like, got your bleeding all over the place. And I was like, cool. And she's like, we're gonna have to give you a max of insulin. I'm like, is it because of the bacterial intercorditis? She's like, yeah, I'm like, I'll take my chances. She's like, what you could die. I was like, yeah, but there's like a 0.1% chance I died. But there's a 99% chance we wipe out all of the bacteria in my colon. And I'm gonna miss this show. And it's to victory or death. So I'd rather take my chances with death than show up on stage looking wrong. And she's like, are you serious? Like, yes, she's like, no, no, no. I mean, are you serious? It's a kills bacteria. I'm like, yeah. And if you wipe out your bacteria in your intestines, you're gonna lose your immune system. And then since everyone's all but I have a shape about this COVID bullshit, it's like, oh, let's wipe out the person's immune system to guarantee that they die from the virus, but we'll prevent them from getting a hard infection that they're not getting. And then she's like, wow, I need to ask you so many questions. I was like, thank you for being open. My name's enough to listen. Most people just get butts sore. And then they just think, well, he's wearing a baseball key. He doesn't really know anything about medicine. This is like, you don't have a white coat on right now. It's like, yeah, I'm in your fucking chair. But I wear a white coat to your office. You shouldn't walk in into glasses. They would have known, man. Yeah, I think people are so fucking subute. Look, look at doctors. Like, oh, I don't have scrub surgically sold to my body. I'm glad I'm not repotting. It's been a while since I've been on a podcast with this one, man. This is great. Oh, man. So yeah, I don't think that people understand the ramifications. Oh, so we can talk about immune system really fast. Well, it doesn't track some. Sorry, we never even got back into it because we started talking about histamines and going all over the place. So low dose or trexal binds to the opioid receptor. So one of the good things about that is that it makes you more sensitive to your own opioids that you naturally produce. So it helps with the pain. Even out of very small dose, it helps with the pain. Low dose or trexal is usually like traditionally like one milligram, it's four point five milligrams. It can technically go up to Crohn's levels, which is like 12.5 milligrams. But what it does, it also drives of endorphins. What I found out from running low dose or trexal is not only did I feel better, it's hard to explain because like when you take it and you just stop, you like notice the difference because when you start back up, you're like, oh, wait, I was feeling better on it. So it drives up endorphin release. The other thing that it helps is with microbiome balancing and because of it. And after having the shingles for four, so I kill off Cibo, kid off Candida, fix my leaky gut. During this time frame, I write afterwards two weeks after. I got the shingles. When I say the shingles, I actually still have scarring. I think I still have scarring like all my chest. But it wrapped through the entire left side of my body. And I was like, there's a 0% chance. Like, I do after having like a herpes virus for that long that I don't have my gut absolutely wrecked. So the first thing I did after four months of shingles is our range eye mapping because I was like, during it, I was like having like severe diarrhea and stuff like that. I mean, I felt terrible. And after all that, my gut with the best it had ever been. A load of also trexone was the only major difference that was in there. And that was at the moment in time. I was sold because I medically had proof that it actually did what I wanted to do. But my rep, here's a little pushback. Okay. The number one side effect of opiates is it slows down gastric motility. So maybe it's just a simpler explanation than that. Maybe it's simply that it slows down the gastric motility, which allowed time for more food to get absorbed. So less of it was just ripping through you. Getting to your colon and then feeding the bacteria releasing gas and other problems. So interesting. Well, and the GOP ones do that too. So we might be able to achieve the same result with red or two tied without using a load dose and the trexone. Okay. So different mechanisms. I don't think that it's bad to have both. And red or two tied 100%. Like red or two tied 100%. A, we're gonna, it's just like taking metformin or burberry and burberries like actually burberries like way better for your got then metformin. Right, then metformin, and fucks you up. Let me form and fix this. Unless you take too much because it's not by available. So that, but if you have leaky gut, you'll absorb burberry and wave better. So you can get away with way less burberry with leaky gas. So burberries really effective for killing off a methamin bacteria, by the way. Very effective for killing off methamin bacteria in the gut. So it, that does a balancing fact. So metformin and burberry. And the worst you're gut is the more diarrhea that you have for the first two weeks. Then your gut is actually got on-stout. So burberry, and though, is a way stronger antimicrobial than metformin. Now the cool thing about it is the gut to brain access way. When you have less blood glucose or you're dumping out the extra glucose that's in your system, in your intestines, then it's the signaling to the brain. And that's truly like where the magic starts happening. So again, with like, if you're taking a GOP one, it's like, why wouldn't it have the same impact where you're having better gut-to-brain access way? It's signaling that we don't need glucose or ringing glucose. You're releasing the insulin, things like that. So it helps nutrient absorption to a large extent. And we are going to start seeing like, maybe I don't think they're ever going to script it for it. Like, if it fixes your microbiome so much, plus people that are obese, they're eating less food now, so they're getting less bacteria growth going on. So it's like multifaceted, and they're going to start a general populist. They're not going to start a sports performance. Not for now anyways. And I think that we are going to actually see that. So I mean, why not? You're eating less food, less bacteria. I think that once the ax games do better than the Olympics, then people will start actually doing their fucking jobs and testing how to make humans better. Not just how to keep them sick and how to use medicine to treat diseases, but how do we use medicine to make people so healthy? They don't get to diseases in the first place. And the way that you do this is you invert the entire medical system with privatized money, which takes a, takes a minimum, a small amount of like, minimum billion dollars, like liquid billion dollars to have a hospitalization system and you're talking about like $500 million. And then you have a triage process and you're paying in for preventive health care. Then once you have preventive health care, exactly. Then you have acute health care. And then you have, I'll let you know that. None of this shit, you wait till the boomers are dead, you wait till the gym extras are dead because none of the millennials are dumb enough to buy health insurance. And everybody's paying for concierge medicine with their flex counts and HSAs. And then that people will act and then when peptides and do it yourself, medicine is so mainstream that all those AMA fuckers will be dead, all the FDA fuckers will be dead. And they'll be people like you and me in charge. And then we just simply say, hey, you're not getting NSA funding unless it's on shit to make people better. None of this more diabetes research. If some stupid mother fucker eats himself to death, fuck him. We wanna know how to use the insulin to make you get better performance in the gym so that you don't ever get sick in the first place. How do we do this? So since everyone's using this shit to get healthier, let's figure out how to do it. Let's figure out how to do how exactly do you use this in a healthy young man who's got a hundred pounds of muscle. Like how do we actually, and people like, well, there's no money in it because there's not enough people like that. There will be, there will be. Everyone wants to get, everyone wants to get ginger. Everyone wants to get ginger. They've already figured out a reverse aging in animals. They've already figured out a 3D print organs. People would be like 200 fucking years old and they've had 200 years to build some fucking muscle and there'll be milestone inhibitors in shit. Humans are gonna look way more impressive. It's not gonna be like the grays where they're just like some brain at a stock. People are gonna be jacked to shit. I completely agree, man. And there are smart ways to do this. Like it doesn't take a copious amount of steroids to get jack. It really doesn't. If you're actually training hard 200 milligrams, it's saucer in some growth hormone which by the way, actually has been proven to reverse age people. It's the study was, it's the Chinese study, met Foreman, a DHA and it was growth hormone and it like reverse age them all at average mean of like seven years or something like that. And what and what window? And short, it was a short window of time. I think it was like six months, right? Are you aware of this? No, but I'm sure they're vitality got shortened. Because there's all these stupid mother fuckers to say, oh, growth hormone shortens your lifespan because of what it did in rats that we're gonna get cancer anyway. Like that doesn't count. It's like we don't have humans that have been using growth hormone long enough to see that it's shortens lifespan. Yeah, I entirely disagree with that statement. Now the interesting thing is if you actually look at the studies on growth hormone, it's basically in conclusive weather cause the cancer not because it doesn't cause cancer. If you have cancer or tumor growth might be growing. Because it has a chance, a chance. IGF1 grows every inch. So if eating protein increases IGF1 lifting weights increases IGF1, everything you do to grow muscles increases IGF1, which means if IGF1 increases cancer, that means everything you do grows cancer. Now if somebody once said you're an idiot, exercises have been shown to decrease the amount of cancer. It's like, yeah, if you exercise, you have a healthy immune system, you produce a natural killer cells that goes through and kills the cancer cells. But there's still the IGF1 stimulating those cancer cells. Just the rate of the natural killer cells, killing off the cancer cells, is faster than the IGF1 can grow them. So I'm not saying you shouldn't do this, fuck nuts, is I know you're out there. Is that the point is I'm saying is it's stupid to a boy growth hormone on the pretense that the IGF1's in the cause cancer because everything you're doing if you watch this channel is increasing your IGF1. As you should. And the interesting thing is, people don't understand like biology or mechanisms and actions to all that well. If you look at everything in a box, right? When you train the number one thing, the pre-cursor to actually growing muscle to actually breaking down muscle tissue so you can regrow bigger and stronger is a rackodonic acid, which if you want to say, a rackodonic acid is one of the worst things you can put into your body because you want to talk about increasing risk of heart disease. It is literally inflammation. That's what it is. But you know what? We need to grow muscle tissue. And when you go to the gym and you train a rackodonic acid is the requirement of fundamental requirement for muscle high-purchasing. So the rackodonic acid is a pre-cursor to prostate gland and F2. And that the F2 is critical for repairing damage tissue. So here's the divergence from what I used to say, the same thing you as Alice set me straight, that their parallel processes, high-purture fee, and repair. They're not consecutive. You don't have to repair all the damage to then start growing. The growing is happening in some muscle cells while the repairing is happening in different muscle cells. So you would have to grow muscle cell A before you can grow it. But just because muscle cell A is damaged, it means muscle cell B is damaged. So the satellite cell migration to a non-damage cell will just grow the cell. Satellite cell migration to a damaged cell repairs the cell. And prostate gland then F2 is needed for the repair. Interesting tidbit. F2 also breaks up the mucus plug in the cervix. So if you're pregnant, that exact enzyme or prostate gland and would then cause spontaneous abortion. So women's bodies have evolved not to produce F2. So women can't train as hard when they're pregnant as when they're not pregnant. That's why always program women at a 15 reps minimum. Is that if you're handling a weight that's so light, you can do it 15 times, then that means you're not gonna be doing as much damage as if you're doing something you could do only five times. So your recovery is gonna be about the same with 15 reps, whether you're pregnant or not pregnant. But if you weren't pregnant, because you can't make the prostate gland enough too. I mean, if you were pregnant, you can't make the prostate gland enough too. And you train hard and heavy, you wouldn't recover as well. Now, doctors don't understand this. They just say, oh, you're pregnant, you can do like cardio. But because they're like, don't get too fat, you know? But there's actually science behind it that these doctors don't know. So I just wanna loop back into non pregnant women early fast. This is the most fast. I prefer to go into non pregnant women too. Because she still doesn't know. She's a master nowadays. And if she's pregnant as I told that now. She's pregnant, look at that, don't even want to kick me off the fat gal. And if my sister was pregnant, they'd definitely pay me backpack because my sister was pregnant. I think one of the most fascinating things in the training space when you're talking about like overload principle and all this stuff is you take a man and you get send them a training program and you take a woman and you send them a training program and you take that same training program that you send the woman and you train it to the man and you send it to the man and you bury the man into the ground and you just want to vomit everywhere. And then you can handle so much more volume and I think it has to do with estrogen by the way more than any no don't think it has to do with estrogen they did a study on us okay women don't try women don't go anywhere close to failure that's why they can train three legs three times a week bro and I know I know you train competitive women it's different but normal women are lazy as fuck women they train they're more interested in cleaning the equipment before and after they use it than actually doing a set you're starting so round you're this like my career is burning to the ground around me and in the future because I was on tatspottcast is like I will never live down the shit that came out of this asshole's mouth but but I've had female competitors they're like oh I need more delt volume I'm like I've got you on 18 sets a delt week I was like I hear this an idea why don't you try harder like what do you mean I'm like you get 15 reps every set on all 18 sets guess what you never hit failure why don't you like try so well I can't really feel my doubts I'm like because you're just flailing we're not flapping our wings here just stick your fist out to the side lower it down slow and when it gets to the point where it's gonna lose tension stop and come back up and just squeeze and stretch squeeze and stretch against resistance all right I want to fall down to go to the gym to get a fit like real can competitors like if you I'd like wellness athletes this is the mind blowing part well oh that's different a wellness athlete is like a bottom heavy body that's a real woman there so the amount of volume and I'm talking like they try to bury themselves like I have trained them in the gym I've tried to bury them the amount that they can train is almost second to none compared to a man like if I try to do the same thing with a man they're done like if you could cut the volume almost in half right now the weight load is different so the central nervous system is devaried very different trust me like and the lungs these women they have the same size look okay these women are also doing close to three hundred fifteen pounds squat they have freaks okay that's a lot of weight like like most men can't even do this and most most human man yeah but not to compare no not competitors I mean I hope that I mean I don't even know if competitors can squat four or five anymore than I enter in sport they should be a lot of retired I retired squatting three years ago and I tried to just do it the other day and I did like two twenty five for like six reps and my glutes were so sore in ten minutes I was like well god damn this is this is why retired this exercise I don't feel any quads and my glutes I feel like I got kicked in the S by dog really after doing one set of two twenty five for so my gosh yeah so when the best like growing protocol I ever had it was six weeks ten of time I added six weeks ten of time before I was getting wasted for my bachelor party so let's have some fun right hit some injectable deborder in that period of time it's the only time I ever ran deball amazing by the way like I actually don't like deball I think it's a terrible compound for bodybuilding injectable deball I don't know why now it's completely breaks down different the former kinetics changes when you inject it and it also bypassed the first pass I handle estrogen extremely while obviously my T or T and I'm out like 78 but during that set of time it was 50 milligrams every other day is what I was doing um but yeah why on earth would you inject deball every other day rather than 25 every best but I chose because I hated injecting it oh my gosh you're one and though did you warm it up too? no I didn't warm it up I've never warmed it up okay okay no I'll give this sucked a sucked so I think it's made sure I knew it sucked oh the during that set of time I started at a 405 for a reps that was my top set right and then we're gonna match that we're gonna two top sets I went from in that six weeks at a time and now we keep in mind I was I was way heavier swarming than a 405 I went from 405 for a with a drop set of three 15 immediate drops that there was no breaking between those immediate drops set of and I think it was of 12 to 14 reps or so it's kind of harder remember but I remember my peak six weeks later 500 pounds eight reps drops at 365 23 reps and I tore my quad on the 500 pounds squat by the way I have to I tore about like four to five reps deep and I knew I tore it and I was like I'm gonna keep going I was like it's already torn whatever as long as I can stand back I'll probably get it and I can stand back up so um kept going then I dropped to the 365 I didn't tell my training partner at the time a best training partner I've ever had Samlin and then 365 and I just went until I won the vomit and then afterwards like it was just like everything was out of me like my soul left my body but I we were yelling at each other dude that was so much fun and I wish that people had that experience of like literally just burying yourself but but you tore your quad yeah but it really grows you know I've like 18 I use a growth hormone day be piece one part seven TB 500 it'll be better two weeks I think the moral of the story is that kids you can grow if you do some crazy as steroid cycle you might grow muscle and strength really quick but the tenants don't get up and you'll tear the muscle right off the bone so this is one of the many reasons why Uncle Todd says just tight trade up slow and as long as you're making progress with progressive resistance you don't need boy and I will say that the best growing stand up time I ever had was 300 milligrams of testosterone and for I was broke at the time for I use a growth hormone and that was the best growing stand I ever had actually though like the dense tissue I grew during that time because I always felt good and also coming off cycle I was always known believes me about this I was always stronger off cycle than I was on cycle now the volume load I couldn't handle as much but my actual strength might be slow so much better on execution I couldn't recover the same that was only difference but like my training intensity was always stronger off cycle than on cycle and I don't know my people don't believe me you want to say that I was like it's so soft cycle it's so simple because you cut your volume down dramatically so you're recovering faster you weren't getting as much volume but you were covering faster so you're actually going in the gym more refreshed so you rather than hitting the gym with 80 to 90 percent of your power frequently you were hitting it with 100 percent of your power infrequent so you're strength actually grew faster I agree with that I think that's one piece that's a good that's a great piece to bring out another piece was blood pressure and blood thickness I my hematocrate levels it doesn't matter I naturally have high hematocrate even before I even started taking to saw syndrome one time I couldn't even blood donate because I ran so high and it's so weird right like I was like I turned you away but well if we do this you might live we can't have that yeah your blood's too thick we can't take it it's just throw it in the fucking toilet bitch I need to come out so I didn't understand it I was like I was like what do you mean I'm trying to donate for my cousins she's having a drive going on like I'm the blood drive no I'm not donating for shit just pouring for like six years because I was so upset I felt like I was being discriminated so either way my hematocrate always ran high so I think one of the biggest pieces is out in my hematocrate levels were running lower so I felt better in the gym because high hematocrate you just feel so sluggish was always the biggest thing my food volume by the way relatively stayed the same I was always having to eat a ton of food but I think that was the biggest thing for me was potentially hematocrate and I do believe what you said is 100% accurate as well would drink water and you'd blood will be thinner no bro I was wearing like two gallons a day I think boy like were you putting salt to it yeah I saw everything man

We're in! You're watching Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. So I'm here today with Coach extraordinaire David Daymaskita. And he's going to teach us all about how to be an awesome coach and about we were just having an off-camera conversation about cutting and supplements and stuff. And it was like we were like a fire hose of information. I was like dude I got to get this on film. You know it's just telling me that he just got him back in the gym after 14 days of and stuff. 14 weeks, 14 weeks, oh 14 weeks. All right. Take it away name and tell us about yourself and age of nutrition. All right guys. So for those that don't know me, actually the first season I kind of got popular. I had like a 50% ratio of turning people pro put key on on stage. Sunny actually won on stage with me that year. She was six players. This is in 2021. So my first year actually going to the Olympia so I didn't get the ever enjoyed as a fan. I got to enjoy it as a coach for the first time ever. And then the following year kind of like everything kind of took off from there. So my primary focus is blending functional health and body building. And there was actually no good PD content. So when John was coaching me, he would sometimes watch my YouTube videos which back then had 50 subscribers. I didn't even know he was watching it. And then also he's like dude, if I could take back time, my first cycle would have been exactly like you just talked about. It was basically just a basic testosterone cycle and titration, right? So um and then I kept going at the PD content because I had so much like medical literature that I had like back logged in my head by that point. I had a lot of observational research. I was already bodybuilding myself and kind of I was doing PD content because John couldn't do it because of his kids actually. He's like I wish I could post about it but I can't do it. So I was like, okay well I mean there's not a good resource right now and I guess we're a few out there like that would trickle out. You were one of them like you were one of the OGs in the space but there wasn't anything I think on Instagram at the time. At least that I was saying. So that was like my primary tool and you're like this one. I actually started my YouTube channel after I posted I'm gonna say C19 just in his we still get docked for that word. But I posted a C19 protocol on Instagram for people because I got I dude I got so sick. I like my mentor actually called me because I dude you're not gonna believe this. Everyone was asymptomatic and I shipped my pants and I was like shit your pants was like he's like dude I'm not making up I like shit my pants and then no joke I got C19 the next week and I shipped my pants. I posted my protocol of how to kick it with asymptomatic stuff and wind straw was actually one of the things in my protocol for C19. So and then I got banned from posting videos for like three months. Then I saw my YouTube channel. I got my first kind of I got banned was in 2018. They told me I can never use YouTube again not even watch it and so I had to make a fake account called the blood dragon region so I could watch YouTube and I was like wasn't even a lot of watch YouTube. I was like what did I do? I don't even tell me why. This is an special case of getting banned where you don't even want you to ever watch YouTube again. If we find out you ever watch YouTube again you'll be banned from Gmail and you'll never be able to use email over again or Google search platform. It's like I raped all the kids. I don't know what to look like. It's like you're not just a pedophile you're like the Lord of the pedophile. I was like I didn't do anything. I think the word it was is like give a instructional video of how to use insulin safely. We, but I didn't have it. Because I'm like I'm a medical doctor showing how to use medication. Not a drug addict. You show you how to use injectable drugs. But I did it without a shirt off and I did it in my kitchen. It wasn't like in a lab lab setting. It's like that's what doctors have kitchens. We don't wear shirts all the time either. You know what I mean? People, they don't understand where human beings. Back then there was the heroin epidemic going on so they're probably like oh needal heroin. I don't know. Yeah. It was the same week that they banned Tony huge and Dylan Gemelli. It was like a purge. It was like the steroid purge of 2018. Oh my gosh. I forgot about Tony's channel. That was, she was like the OG in the space and he ruined it for everyone. Actually, I was doing that before him or a bit or Rich Piano. I was doing it in 2014. It's just nobody watched it because it looked I had glasses on and all done. Watch this. So I would have glasses on and I would have a button down shirt. I actually had the button down shirt I would wear and I had a dry race board and I would actually draw structures and talk about them. No one fucking watched it. But when I held my camera and I wore a shirt with a horse with a giant dick on it and I just started talking shit like you all fucking morons blah blah blah and I walk around and like everyone liked that. So like that's what blew me up and stuff and I would wear like biking helmets no shirt on and like play with swords just talking about steroids and people would fucking watch that and I was like this is fucking crazy. So you began detecting techno-viking of steroids. I was like I had 500 videos, 18 of a month steroids and I got banned. It's like I'm the steroid guy because I have 18 out of 500 videos on steroids. So I have 600 videos and I think only like 50 or like PCs now and like if you're like all your condons great I only want your drugs stuff. I'm like all right. Yeah it's the shellest your titties. It's basically what it is. It's like your your like up there running for a Congress or some shit and they're like hey show us your titties. It's like come on guys. I'm running for Congress. But it's so like telling a dude with muscles to talk about steroids like saying to a chick that's running for Congress to show us your titties. But do they get more votes out of it? That's a question. You know what? The one chick that gave a hand job in Beetlejuice. Everyone knows who Lauren Bobert is now. You know, he's my favorite. And he was a Democrat too. And they're like well what what would they say they're like what are your what is your poker base think about you doing this with a Democrat. And then she was like all I know is I had a really good time. So like I don't give a fuck what his politics are. I wasn't there for that. He didn't stop getting in talk much. No, she's fucking double doubt on it. The dick size suck doesn't matter if the redder blue. I want to move to North Dakota so I could vote for that shit. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I was like uncapped again. Well, I don't monetize so they don't censor this shit. Oh, that's true. I mean like even if you monetize on Instagram, you be hanging getting paid zero dollars. Anyone is no no no no no no. That's the worst thing you to do is do not monetize. I told Paul not to monetize. I told everyone not to monetize. No one listens to me. No one ever listens to me until it's too late. Well, I'm technically monetized but like you have the health yet to change the ads. You can't run ads on like the drug stuff at all. Don't monetize because if you don't monetize they don't know you're there. It's like okay you only use your Gmail. Yeah, that's like 20 11. Let me paint you a picture. All right, so we paint you a picture back to 2011. Me and my friend went to Med School together. He's like, hey, let's start a dispensary. I'm like, okay, I know about weed. I've got 11 years sober, but fuck everyone else, whatever. So it's like here's the law. If you have a license, you can sell it to someone else who's got a license. I mean, who's got a prescription for it. And you can write them the prescription. I'm like, I sure can. And it's like, I mean, it's like, but they're raiding all the places in Oakland County. But you can do deliveries and not be open. I was like, then let's just do this. Let's do a delivery weed thing. We get a bunch of chicks. We give them some burner phones and get them all cards. And then if they happen to sell to someone who doesn't have a card, that's on our problem. Because they're chicks. They'll just blow the cap and get out of it. And so it's like, then so we have this business where these chicks, I got a bunch of hot chicks because I coat to be creamy. Got all these hot chicks driving around solid weed with these, this sensory cards. Keep the weed in your trunk. They can't search a trunk unless you give food mission. They can't search a trunk unless the impound of vehicle. You can't be drinking because if you're drinking, they can impound the vehicle. So no drinking and driving keep the weed in the trunk. You're good. Right? You're good. And so like they just call them, tell them, where did the liver? They go deliver. And we're like making a thousand bucks a month. He's like, we could be making 40,000 a month. It's like, yeah, but we're making a thousand and we're growing. He's like, we could be making 40. I was like, but if we open for business, they're going to rate us. And he's like, yeah, but we could be making 40. I'm like, if you're going to sell drugs, don't tell the police that you're selling drugs. And he's like, but we could be making 40. I'm like, here's what we're going to do. You're going to buy me out and you're going to get an ominous say I told you so when you get rated. All right. We're going to jump ahead a little bit when he did you. I have a question after he got rated. Do you ask him if he was the the cop with Democrat or Republican? He comes over to my house. He's sitting on my couch and he's like, I just got charged with eight felony. I was like, yeah, I'm like, mead while I'm like, using my 45 micron filter and pump and stuff through it while he's telling me about it. I was like, that's why you don't tell the police about what you're doing. Because I took that money and I bought this. Reinvestment. Yeah. It's like, I just went with a different drug. It was like, oh my gosh. Yeah, I tried to put a ass or where they Democratic are Republican and then you know the answer. Oh my god, dude. I don't even remember what the politics for back then. I think it was Republicans were anti-weed and it was Democrats were pro weed. But nowadays Democrats are against anti-everything and Republicans are like, whatever the fuck you just don't. It's just don't cut my kids dick off. That's the most interesting thing is like when pure talking about politics, I'm like, I don't care. I'm like, I want people to pay less taxes and enjoy life. I'm not my politics. I don't even, I don't even, I don't know, man. I have an opinion about each issue. And I don't agree with either side because that I have a different opinion than either side on certain issues. I agree with that. And yeah, and I would vote based on the candidate that's best able to represent me at my interests. And I don't try to protect the world, let the world protect itself. It's like, if everyone voted in their personal best interests, we'd have a proper representative democracy. But instead, where people are being emotionally manipulated into voting for what's the good of mankind. And it's like the people who are telling them to do this aren't smart enough to actually assess what is for the good of mankind. No, I can completely agree with that. I mean, a lot of people, I would say people voted a basketball in, but I think he was a potato instead. Well, that's funny. It was either an eggplant or an orange, right? But I happened to like the feisty orange. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, sorry, sorry. I'm talking about free easily. Okay. At least like the more coherent sentences. We've got, we just don't burn these. Are we got like, you'll sanity sandwich? Like, what? I would just imagine they actually let him run again. I thought bad for the guy. They're like, oh, yeah, you're just going to run again. It's like, the guy doesn't know where he is. Like, what did you guys think this one's through? It doesn't matter. No, it doesn't matter at all. So speaking of medicine. Yeah, medicine. Tell me about your, you just kept back in the gym after 14 weeks. What happened? Yeah. So I had a hip surgery about 14 weeks ago. And I have an 86 year old hip is what we found out when they opened me up. How to MRI, how to cat scan, and an x-ray to make sure that my bones like I didn't have enough arthritis where they would actually do the surgery. So they were planning to do a complete reconstruction in the hip. Shaved on the femoral head and fixed the labrum that I tore because of the torrent when I was 26 years old. And I'm 33 now just for a frame of reference. And when they went in there, I woke up and the doctor was like, you're on benzos. You're not going to remember anything that I said. I was like, I don't think you realize like, I'm smarter on benzos. You can tell me whatever you want. And it slows you down enough to wear the bike chain actually on the gear. The drive. The drive. And then like, you're like, okay, let's slow this ass out with some benzos. And you're like, and now you can pedal and the bike starts going. So the doctor looks at me like I'm stupid. And I'm just like, no, do you just shoot at me straight? Like how is the surgery? He's like, surgery was successful. Your hip screwed and you're never going to be the same again. So it turned out that I was a, yeah, I know man. My protein was shaken. Watch me work. Well, so I'm bone on bone through the entire back of the hip because the femoral head wasn't smooth. It was jamming into the back of the hip because I do super super deep squats. And essentially what happened is I went, I went through it. Yeah, I went through. I knew this was a squat injury. I knew it. Yeah, well, I, so I peeled the labor off the bone when I did a deep small one time. Like when I hit parallel, I thought I tore my ad doctor actually. I was like, oh, I tore my labor. I'm like, whatever after like two, three months of like not being the same other, all that's good. And essentially, I am not able to pretty much do a deep squat again or also become a tipping time bomb. I can't run or also on a tipping time bomb. And that's the ishidon I'm running into. But at the end of the day, it's like, I'm not fully completely sacrificed my life because I know I'm going to get replacement surgery at some point in time. I'm hoping I get five years out of the hip and then I have to get the right one done. So that's essentially what happened. They just basically cleaned up the hip, micro fractured down. This is really cool from medical standpoint though. So when you micro fracture the hip and the bones because you're getting the bone marrow out of it, you get stem cell production, which is amazing for basically like reducing inflammation. So like that because I straighted past him. I'm like, should I be hitting like growth hormone and BBC 1 plus 7, tv 500, which I know is not like quote, unquote medically accepted yet. But the growth hormone is should I be doing that? And I decided not I personally decided not to because you don't want to grow too much. You wanted to sit steady. So essentially I started growth hormone after four weeks for the first time since I was actually bodybuilding and took some time off and after 12 weeks I have been back in the gym for like three days a week for the last three weeks now in that in the format. All right. So here's what I think. I've been doing if you watch the video with me in air chinic, the nine weeks out video, the first one leg training, he shows me how to do sissy squats, very effectively in the hacksquat. And I've been doing them and it's not going to affect your hip at all because you're using a semi roller under your heels and I've got squat shoes. So I've got like six inches of wedge and I'm doing it with my hips driven forward with pelvic. I'm doing posterior pelvic tilt driving my knees forward and keeping my internal rotation and I'm able to get just quads without any glue. So I don't know if you've ever seen me do it before but that's exactly I've been doing sissy squats like that for half a decade now. I'm actually about use a foam roller. I actually go up on my toes when I do it. I can do three plate hackswats and the sidebecks with a sissy squat. I was like a freak of nature when it came to sissy's no knee pain and that was one of the few movements I could actually get into the actual of the leg and put it on the floor and yeah so enough black into it with a bad hip. So you're exactly right it was like when the only movements I could do because I mean extensions are in a great movement for quads. You have to do some kind of squat variation and I couldn't go deep so that was my alternative and that's the only one I could find. So on the video that hasn't dropped yet my four weeks out video I'm doing on the Atlantis with three plates on one side two plates in the other and I'm pretty much on the toes the whole time. It's literally it's a six inch slope. I look like I'm a stripper in heels. There's no even though I have contact with the heels I can't generate any force through it and my hips are so far forward. The Atlantis is definitely at a 35 degree angle it's at 45 like the sidebecks but it does go deep as fuck and it's really smooth. Yeah so is that the brand new Atlantis one that it looks like a massive machine where you can alternate it whenever you can almost go like laying down flat with it. Oh you guys have one of those and umbrella and sterling heights they just got it. Wow. So I drove 45 minutes to use that hex quad at Sunday mornings. Yeah. I use belt squat on the other leg day. So supposedly that is the best hex quad ever made. I haven't got the opportunity to use it yet so at the gym locally out here it's called 1858 athletic club. They have a seven piece of equipment. One of them there's only one other one in the US and the others six that they have. There's zero in the US. It is the best chest press I've ever used my entire life and they've like levers are lifted into place so you can basically drop it into place. It's some pretty crazy stuff all to send you some videos on it but the heaviest sled also I've ever had on the leg press it must be a 400 pounds sled. Do the war then the elite FTS sled that fucking things are right there. Wait not even close not even closing comparison it's like a 400 to 500 pounds sled. Oh my god. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The panata leg press that do a leg press when you pin it together that panata ones also super steep and super heavy like three plates that have a panata leg press is like 10 plates on the hand straight. So this leg press it actually has shoulder pads of keeping press in there. Oh I love that. I love that because my ass is always squirting out. The especially the 180 pounds. The other thing about it that's really cool is they actually have banded slots so you can reverse band it or band it to the top so you can actually either take tension off the knee or put pressure onto it so it just becomes harder and you can adjust strength curve. I use reverse band and I use knees sleeves and I wrap my knees because until I hit 43 I didn't have never had any knee problems and then that's when they started so I was like super protective of my knees but in this case I'm using basically a leg extension in an x-plot so I mean and the tension is perfect on the lateral quads and not the knees this way. I like that. Yeah there there was a guy actually a Michael Spencer out and it was one of the first I BB pros ever Michael Spencer out and Seattle and I was training out of LA fitness and once in a while we'd run in there at the same time when I was consulting going from Atlanta to Seattle and back and he hooked up a reversed band leg press and I would go until I wanted to throw up every single movement it didn't matter. I would like go until I wanted vomit and then I take a few seconds and then I wouldn't vomit and then I go on. That was the first time that I was actually healed over in the trash can just dry heaving and I couldn't catch my breath. I'd walk out of the gym afterward. I was like so black cashed out. All right so let's look at this because this is a good point me and now Sam Pierce talked about this this morning. To me I don't see a point and taking a set that far when you could just rest and do another set. His point is but if you don't ever experience that you don't know what you're made of and you don't know where failure is. So I agree that when you're in high school and you can do that shit with three plates and that's hard that's when that makes sense to develop your confidence. But when you're in your 40s and you're doing 1400 pounds I wouldn't be fucking around with going to failure in a leg process. How do you feel about that? Yeah so that's a great I've actually had this like really intellectual conversation around training lately and I'm kind of in between I have yes and nose to that answer. First and foremost when you're a young lifter you better not up and learn how to train hard because if you don't know where true failure is if you don't truly fail you have no clue how far you can progress in a shorter period of time just by training balls and walls and the best thing about it is you need less drugs to go further. I think that's the big one is like you literally need less drugs if you just train harder. Now when you're young you can kind of get away at the because if you get injured you bounce back. When you're older and you're doing a ton of weight the margin for error is so low that mechanical failure you blow something out. So that's the major issue where it comes in is like you have these beginner lifters that mean to know how to like load their central nervous system and overload it and know what that feels like. Then you have intermediate lifters and they're actually doing too many reps and sets where it's like you could just do two really hard ass working sets and maybe bury yourself there and be good and then you have these advanced lifters and there's the strength curve is so massive that they actually can't do a lot of volume. It's tons and tons of weight so it's like weight times reputable as volume is kind of how I look at things but yeah volume load exactly I just look at a volume load like net volume in a week or net volume it's just it's a load that's all that matters and then you have central nervous system fatigue that is like a major like low hanging fruit that no one really talks about anymore but I find my central nervous system plenty of times but the truth behind it is because I knew how to train until I absolutely want to vomit and like crawl out of their gym is the reason why I made so much progress is such low amounts of drugs compared to most people in the space. I mean I was like 230 sorry the most I ever hit I was 218 pounds almost 220 pounds naturally in three years of lifting from 135 pounds. I literally eat like 10,000 calories a day pretty close to 8 to 10,000 a day I would eat until I want to throw up and then I'd stop like I knew I had a 15 minute one or time I just and we had the buffet in college so I'd eat as much food as I could for three servings a day and it worked really well now I put on a lot of fat cells that I didn't even put on but then when it came to training though I would recover like a free gym nature now I was probably hitting a gross spur so I was probably having crazy eye-geoff ones spikes or something like that I was like sleeping 10 hours a day kind of thing I would like sleep seven to eight hours go to class and then I not burn other two hours in a day but I don't think that if you train to the point where you're throwing up and you're not like in your impenciestages you're shooting yourself shy of actually getting another set in to get more volume in. I think it's stupid when these trainers actually train you until you want to vomit that's not a good thing. Because that's actually a blood pressure spike that's your central nervous system you're about to take so that means you can't recover from any other workouts from potentially another two days it doesn't matter if it's you're training lower and now it's upper you probably will have a worse upper body to increase the wood so my thing is is train is close to failure you can don't let your blood pressure get so high where you can't catch your breath for the next set like stop it shy even if it's like one or two reps maybe three reps and then get out of the hole because like when you're loading such like like press you can feel in your face really really hardcore because you have usually bad breathing habits unless you're a power lifter and you need to stop and get another set in and that's like my advice for anyone out there is like find where you're finding where your failure set is on your first set like this is the stupidest way to do training like the progressive overload for idiots you have four sets you're first set you figure out where your failure is and you kind of know that from the previous week because your very final set will explain this first set you train as close to failures can and you stop yourself shy by about three reps next set you get one more rep down in the tank okay cool same weight next set same weight and now if you fell shy of that same exact rep then that means that your weight was too high when you started your fourth set should be balls to the wall complete failure and you're not going to hit mechanical failure you're going to racket before you get injured I just trust me you will and then balls to the wall and then let's say that you hit 10 reps on the first three sets and that last that you hit 14 reps well you know that your landmark for true failure is 14 reps 14 reps technically 17 reps because you dropped three every single time right so that is the that's how I actually made the most progress in my bodybuilding career was you had one major common movement you had four sets and you'd go through it and then the next one that you do you have a second compound movement you do the same thing over again maybe with three sets instead of four sets this time depending on your CNS and then you have auxiliary movements at the end and the auxiliary movements were literally like bro science training gets them blood flow bring up the weak points whatever it was and that's how I made the most progress of ever made in my bodybuilding career this is how I explained three sets of 10 with reps and reserve would mean the first set is two reps and reserve the second set should be one rep and reserve and the final set you should hit 10 at failure if you get more than 10 you lifted two light and then whatever you fail that let's say you've get 12 that means you're actually 12 reps is your failure so that means next week you should be able to get go 11 11 11 and then the next week you should go 12 12 12 and then you should add two to five percent your load and maintain the 12 12 12 and for eternity just keep adding two to five percent every week you know it as long as you don't get showing pain I have a question did a drug ever break this rule for you because a drug broke this rule for me independently and I just had to talk about it once you answer that question I found that in this prep specifically when we started adding in oils specifically windstrole I started having redonculus strength jumps and then I got so fucked up I couldn't do upper lower upper lower off I had to switch to upper lower off I needed more recovery because I was handling so much load for the same amount of reps that might it's instead of getting a zero out of 10 or a one out of 10 the soreness the next day I'm three four five out of 10 soreness so I'm getting joint problems so when he is amazing for strength no one talks about that so the drug that broke that rule for me where I could literally not drop a rep in the tank every set no matter how close to failure I went like I would try to fail out actually and I couldn't drop a rep insulin I could literally not drop a rep and reserve the first time I used it I'm talking like six I used pre-workout and I even four used for me and I could not drop a rep in the tank and I was like I was trying to bury myself and I'm like what the heck my volume load is so high and I'm talking like I was doing like 16 20 eventually it's like 30 sets a day I'm like how do I bury myself I can't do it and like I mean I was trying to train until I was vomiting almost every set insulin is the single handedly the strongest compound I've ever put my body now I was fueling my body and I'm talking like I was on like tier tier at the time like well so I would probably be like if I was psychled up but injured it would be like 300 milligrams of testosterone and I'd be doing between four to six I use of GH and then I add a little bit of pre-workout insulin with the GH that I was shooting pre-workout which I know people hate that but it it works no it makes total sense they don't know what they're talking and you're using what three to five units you hum along so I would actually use noval and art to save the money it was human log at one point in time but then I want to do the money and I just started using a novel and art from the other man and that's not like it's a bad choice it's just hard to manage yeah it's not you with a great hard to manage but with your smart enough you'd be able to keep track of the fact that after four hours if you do more insulin you have to add the peak to the other tail to then come up with a new peak and you'd have to recalculate out how much carbs you need postworkout so you need 50 carbs pre-workout 50 carbs into workout 75 carbs postworkout if you do postworkout you want to do you want to hear something that's going to make you sick about my carbohydrate intake okay it was probably 100 100 200 100 100 way so my peak off season and this was with Matt Porter actually John would have feed me shit yeah John's too conservative John Porter was an animal yeah John I made uncontrollable how to do pizza's an ice cream every single day well so pizza two days a week like whole pizza and then it was ice cream at the end of the day because he was like I can't he's like ethically I can't give you more food you're eating so much and I was getting leaner with the issue so with Matt I went from 183 pounds to 254 pounds in seven months and three of those months were on tier T that's where I peaked out was 254 and the my food wasn't he giving you gear oh no no I was on gear the first three months I wasn't it was for when we first started together um okay and then it like the cycle was cut the heaviest cycle I probably ever done but it wasn't me guys don't even tell I'm gonna guess I'm gonna guess okay Matt Porter cycle it's gonna be 750 text test probably 600 master on and maybe 400 EQ okay so it was 600 test 300 MP and 500 EQ that was the cycle and then it would just way more conservative than I thought it was she's never needing to run a lot with me like he was he actually pulled me inside because I was like do you think I should be doing open because I got to a big so fast and he's like do you want to know what the open guys are doing I don't think you want to do that plus you have classic structure he's like you're growing so easy on such low amounts he's like you I don't think you want to sit down with me and talking me about this and at the time I didn't realize how many grams it was because he told me he alluded to it right like I'm just more enough to where I piece together but he like sat me down he's like I don't think you want to do that he's like we can but like your health markers are perfect do you really think that's true though do you really think that the difference between classic and open is just using three extra grams no I don't think through I think if you're really really 1500 milligrams throwing three more grams and it doesn't make you grow more muscle no the conservation of matter you can only assimilate the calories you eat yes so in this where biology comes in exactly it's biology in like thermodynamics it's like actual walls of physics so and digestion and like that's where biology really comes in that really people are glazing over either way my calories were at 8500 today 8 meals a day I was waking up 2 times the night to eat um and my calorie my calorie it's where at 1,050 was where I peeked out all clean food by the way 1,050 calories and then I think my fats were close to 200 my protein with ham and it's got pegged at 450 year round that didn't change and that's a lot of protein interesting never had bad kidney markers never had bad labs even on gear by the way am I blood pressure? after we go you were like 20 so right yeah I was 26 is one I wait 26 when I started with him and 27 and then he passed away that year as the last national competitor he had I think it was 27 when you passed away that's some said shit but holy crap and it's a lot more conservative than I expected to hear the team would say yeah a lot of I've never actually listened to his stuff but people used to tell me back then because that was before I was banned like you would mad actually see I had a lot of stuff I was like oh school yeah I do know what you're doing that was good now is also the only one that spoke out against metformin like I did like it's like mechanically like why are you using metformin he's like first off your body builder aren't you using insulin or burbering burbering burbering burbering a superior in every way to metformin you know the only thing that I like metformin slightly slightly edging on on burbering would be the actual anti-anterogenic effects for women that's only edge that I give metformin a little bit but when it comes to blood glucose mandarin absolutely not not even close in my opinion I mean is it significant like it's really matter and they're taking out of our anyway so what's the funny thing what you have to remember anyways it doesn't matter at that point yeah I mean try to convince a girl not to what he cut burbering I mean try to convince a girl not to use animals pretty pointless you pretty much you just gotta mitigate how much to do that's so it's really an anovars been an interesting subject because I've been seeing certain coaches um like I don't need to drop or anything like it just I'm just talking about protocols and just generally cross the board some people are putting people on 20 milligrams of anovars like low end 10 milligrams 20 milligrams anovars up to 30 year round like I'm like the longest I've seen is two and a half years by the way at 15 milligrams is the longest duration of time no I would be like my way is like one milligrams one one milligram pre-training if you're training twice a day at two milligrams if you're training once a day okay so but you could do that forever and you're good it's and if you're training hard and you're training balls to the wall hard not 25 pounds on the hacks what four plates on the hacks plot if you're at shit trying to grow your glutes and you're doing four plates with your feet up high or you're doing three plates in the Smith squad asked to grass you're doing a three 15 then two milligrams of anovars gonna grow that ass now if you're a food food bunny doing 10 pounds on each side of the squat bar then yeah maybe you do need 20 milligrams of anovars but you're gonna grow quads and traps and clipped and forearms and everything else you're gonna look rose so I completely agree I don't only time so 2.5 milligrams especially subling only can be run nearly year round nearly you have the monitor labs for sure the major concern with it is one sex hormone binding globule and just gets too low then it has to be ripped out but one milligram is Jimmy running definitely like there's almost no chance that you're gonna have side effects yeah why do you care about SHBG it just enter generic side effects that they start to experience from like DHT like some of that but but if their DHT's under 10 then their SHBG doesn't matter okay so yes and to an extent no and the only reason why I say this is because Androgens affect MAAO and how fast they're breaking out adrenaline so if you start seeing like some neuro neuro degradation and like how they're actually acting like for instance check-ins right how someone verbalizes something can change over time and I think this is like from good coaching to great coaching to even guru coaching is understanding the psychology of the person when they're writing something that's their internal diarrhea that they're putting on paper if you notice subtle changes in that language over a period of time women get mask-in-line from a neuro transmitter standpoint when adding any type of anagerns into the equation and no one talks about it the way they walk the way they drive they get more aggressive on the road they start because their dopamine's breaking down faster so they need more of that hit so that is one of the one low-hanging fruit that I just don't think ever being talked about is like dopamine response with Androgens and how it makes one act do you consider the psychiatric mask-in-lineization of a woman a bad thing not necessarily and I think that women and men both need masculine and feminine balance we do like okay so I know you're gonna talk about men so men someone need to be in touch with their emotions right like men aren't being chill is technically a feminine feature being extremely assertive is masculine but being chill is technically a feminine it's a feminine feature technically you have a very special wife because I've never met very many chill women usually shit women or histrionic hysterical wrecks and then it's a man who's got to keep them under control okay just go to the bar girls are like whew like they're just drunk is shit and the guy can't even drink because he's got to control his crazy drunk girlfriend now let me ask you what have you ever seen whenever you ever seen a dude who is off the rails drunk dancing on tables spitting his shirt overs head and his wife is they're like sweetheart maybe you should get down from there you're embarrassing me please stop it no that's never happened I mean I think it's always more drunk than the dude is I used to bounce and I used to actually work on the tables it does happen okay all right well then I'll talk to the wrong guy but okay so but think about this right again let's go flip this back to hormones and with the way they're acting right estrogen levels are higher not slows down the breakdown of adrenaline right so dopamine and adrenaline nor happen effort so what's gonna happen when they get geeked up and ready to go it's super hard for them to wind back down that is the reason why it's literally a hormone hormonal impact on genes so that's the and we're seeing this like shit like we've already seen a shift society right like we already know that for a fact that that's like very subliminal messaging that's happened over time but then if you add hormones into the equation or alter hormones it changes to one psyche quite a bit even men and I'll talk about myself really fast and I've actually had this conversation with like a top 5 Olympian because I was just curious because he's off gear for so long at this point when I stopped bodybuilding about four years ago and I've only been on 120 to 150 milligrams of testosterone for the last four years I noticed that there was actually a level of dampening and numbing to my actual motions right so it was extreme masculine to understanding that there was a dampening on certain aspects of my psyche that started opening back up that I hadn't felt in a long time which wasn't a bad thing right but what I can say is we don't realize that when we're blasting gear and getting ready for shows it it took me probably year and a half two years before I even felt a shift in my actual mental health in the less dampening impact to the emotional environment around me so that was it so what I'm hearing you say is that the great white shark mindset you have when you got a single digit estrogen and triple digits a trend is something that goes away and you go back to being able to feel empathy for other people I think that I had a feel empathy for other people from a long time and he was I'm not sympathetic like sympathy I hate sympathy by the way empathy I have for people because I try to put myself in their shoes because every single person's lens of life is completely different so then I just hopped on a bunch of trying and it went back normal well glad so trend fixes empathy could have no because I don't want to give fucks to people I only have so many fucks to give and I want to give them to victory not to other people's bullshit problems that are self-inflicted and able to get it every time I see a video becoming up only I'm just like I'm getting close to closer to show you should see the outtake I mean that's like straight up cancel they're like all right which is a red word which is a yellow word red word is going to get a band again let's not do that no he needs a Gmail account yeah there's no there's no monetization there's no fear of canceling that I'm like South Park at this shit point that I'm a I'm a mutant so tell me about your Olympians you got because I know you got a couple of well it's right now I only have Damien Patrick that's qualified this year that's the classic dude right yes with the giant quads in this tiny ways yes legs of size of his quads he was he competed at the Arnold in 2023 when I saw you there right it was 20 it was it was in the last year 2024 you're right 2024 yeah 2024 and he was six place that's still fucking awesome yeah it was not of what 50 people no no so the Arnold 12 people it's in by the only all right right but it's in by the only the Olympians 50 people yeah that was the year that Wesley was like so peeled out like people that were talking online just didn't understand because he was so Wesley was mind blowing Lee on point at pre-judging to the point where one of the best peaks and conditioning I've ever seen on an athlete he wasn't as sharp at the night show and Dino did get a lot better into that but it was close to the point where I would have the moments like 50 50 at the night show but Wesley was so mind blowing Lee on at pre-judging that he just smoked everyone it was amazing to see actually so you got Damien and he's doing the Olympia yeah he's doing the Olympia right now maybe doing a warm-up show we did actually just a master show down in Tampa we were dude we did we did a 10-week prep it was eight weeks in the Chicago we weren't lean enough we got second place at masters and then we did Tampa Crow which they had a one-point split decision and actually what made him lose and hey guys out there that are competing in classic please just listen to me when I say this do not do a twisting backshot for your classic pose pit a dead on front shot like hit a dead on front shot make yourself as big as possible when the pose because if you turn to the side you're immediately smaller so I remember you're post about this well yeah I'm listening to you I listen to you I'm going to show you this shit I'm going to text you some pictures from two days ago and from today and boom here and you tell me what you think since you are an Olympia level coach who does classic and I'm switching from two to twelve to class okay so when I look at your legs I think that the upper body's fine okay I would still change it up a little bit to make you look a little bit bigger I would I would pull I would do a lats spread so I would do the lats spread I'd open up your lap look as big as possible then your legs so you see how your legs are so close together that doesn't make you classic that makes you smaller so okay what I would because that's almost like that's like an abdominal thigh which is fine for abdominal thigh to twist that waist like that that's exactly how it actually recommended abdominal thigh but did put the right leg the front leg plant it slightly in front more but for your legs in this shot if especially you be doing the lats spread you want to stagger the legs pretend like you have a line on the ground one straight line and that's where your feet go have your feet out of one and 11 o'clock and then unlock the kneecap on your planting side so that's going to be your left side for you is your natural planting side unlock the knee slightly rotate the waist into to hide the waist a little bit and then drag the right foot against the ground to get your quads to come out what you're already actually doing that here and that it's going to make you as big as possible and you're so gonna get just as much waist-singing and just sharing that waist down because you can get about like it looks like you're getting about an inch off the waist there happen inch off the waist when you're doing like that so keep the waist twisted like that but bring the foot forward and wider as long as the adductors are connecting at the groin that's as big as you can be so once you create a gap you're too small you now you're creating a gap and it makes you look smaller less dense so here is essentially some more that's from today's front lats spread and then the two abs shots you were talking about abdominal thigh put your leg in front put your thigh in front so they're crossing wait this year abdominal thigh cracked yeah that's one of them bringing this bring drag this leg in a little bit closer it's closer to the judges okay and so I also sent you some pics from the Texas pro looking at where I was 12 pounds heavier and my legs I think look a lot bigger but they were also a lot smoother and for frame or reference I'll show you the back shots where you could really see the difference in conditioning what's a rate right now what's your cap I was 179 this morning months of the 9.1 this morning and my cap is 177 what are your plans that we're going into the show like front load back load I don't know domes handling it oh basically I'm sure I'll be down to 176 yeah and then I'm going to try to height myself at 164.1 which will then bring my cap up to 82 my understanding is they height you three times they take the highest of the three heights so I'm doing three shows so I can get at least one of them at 64.1 and as soon as I get one hiding at 64.1 if we're bombing the season I'll just pull out of them remaining shows so for instance at this floor to pro if I get 64.1 but I get like 15th place I'm not going to bother doing this in Antonio and the Daytona I'm just going to shut it down and prepare for the Detroit Pro next year is that but if I don't yep the Florida Post season show okay cool I'm shooting for a W down there oh really with who Brandon Menseseek he's really yeah okay really good okay so but you look good by the way back a little vice up yeah your back is perfect by it would don't change that that is literally perfect um also right leg I would pull that back a little bit and then you see your hamstrings you're having issues bringing them out I actually learn this from Mark Anthony and he learned this from Flex Lewis drag the ground together and it pulls your hamstrings out right and what was funny is I normally can when I got a little bit of food in me but these were fasted so I didn't get it and Karina noticed that my feet were pointed too far forward normally I externally wrote to them to 45 degrees and so that's why I didn't hit them and they're also probably a little too close together so if you look at the picture beneath it that was at see the group difference yeah that's how much better my conditioning is now and it was at the Texas Pro last year night and they difference man oh yeah so that's why I think my legs look so big in that front lat spread is because they were just a lot softer sure than this front lat spread my feet were closer together and I was also I think I had more post anti-urpathic tilt so it really popped in better whereas I but I was losing my chest because of the angle whereas now the way I hit it is I'm compromising my hips being posterior anti-urpathic tilted to make sure my chest is high and it makes my legs pop but everything. I don't have my front lat spread. Yep front lat spread here today's versus last years I feel like the pose I'm hitting it better today but my legs look bigger before but that's why I showed you with the back shots look like so you can see how softer the glutes were. You know what I mean or else you don't have front lat spread if you took one of the legs and you moved out in front of you. I'm glad you're saying. Yeah like what hot he does I really like the way not everyone can do it but I be curious to see what that looked like on you and then a symmetry would help a lot I think I'm at pose. I was thinking about popping putting my base leg on my left leg like you said and then popping my heel up a little bit on the right leg so that it can really accentuate the sectorias and it'll take attention away from the lack of sweep. Agreed. Yeah so that's exactly like it's for certain people. Certain physiques it looks good on other physiques don't do it. Like you view of super sweepy legs you're better off just doing it straight up. Right the other thing is is on your back back double bicep your left toe is going out too far to the left you want to bring your toe in just a little bit to plant onto it easier to pull at the hamstrings. It's on okay so you're saying it's at 45 degrees and you I should be at 35 degrees. That's about right. That would be it. All right cool and you can barely see the glutes are coming in from behind the side shots the glutes really came in already which everyone says that but today was the first day that they really really started coming in also. You've nearly cast thanks man so this is the best I basically do the shot just of the glute conditioning. That's really good. I'm your glutes are in. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Glutes are cool. Especially for classic is the trunks cover of out anyway. Well it's like I'm wearing body building shrunks just so that we could see the glutes in today's picks because they look so much better than they did on Thursday's picks. Another pro tip besides a spinning back shot for classic is yet the trunks not completely up the crack but almost up the crack because they do allow it and have it go around the glute and if you need to you roll it up and fold it and lock it in place and if you even if you need to use bikini bite to lock it in you lock it in but the less that you have showing the better your physique looks just make sure that it's sitting up on the waist I see people like pulling it down their butt and stuff like that to like make their waist look it makes their waist look wider and it makes your legs smaller. So always you already know how to do it because your body builder but a lot of these classic guys I see them pulling it down so they can quote unquote show the v at the bottom and it makes her legs smaller like what are you guys doing? The trunks show their v in the front. Yeah. So that shakes for girls. Yeah. The girls are in fucking wear that in the bedroom right now you're trying to win a fucking bodybuilder show man exactly like girls aren't the ones who are hiring you so like you're you're it's so weird dude it's just like oh my god. Yeah but you need to be flat that's what men's physique is for then you can have your dick root showing no one cares it's like you know this year like if you're a bought open bodybuilder in Brazil you can dance you can pull dance on stage and you can also men's physique you can dance on stage so you have that. Well I can't dance to they have but I would go to Brazil to compete just because this sounds like fun. You don't want to you don't want to pull dance and advertise your own fans man. No dude I don't have an only fans. I need to I mean a manager I'm not sophisticated enough to run my own only fans. I need somebody to tell me what to do. I think I might have a second for it. So if anybody wants to harm me out then just let me know because I'm I have no morals and I have no boundaries just no dudes and no rap music as long as it's chicks in this metal I don't care how ugly your fan she is. All right. Bring you back here glory days right before the guy at eight felonies. Back that in the girls I did were hot as fuck it was crazy. I had no self control so I was just totally in your face hyper aggressive in the serenade of all the time and I was just so aggressive that it just worked for some reason. Yeah you pulled over there just get them blowed on the spot. Yeah but so I appreciate the fucking posting tips man so we talked about training we talked about posing we talked about gear we talked about how much gear man if you were going to be bored. Fuck them we're going to disperse us like we got 14,000 followers on this channel we get like 2000 views the fucking reels get a hundred thousand my money doesn't come from this shit we're doing this because it's cool. This is for the cerebral people. So the ablens and the broccoli headed boys they just watch Instagram

We're here. You're watching Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. And back by extremely popular demand, we have Sam Pierce, IFBV Pro, and I'm sure Olympia champion. That's not me. Good to see you again third week in a row of math. You'd be seeking me by now. No, no, I'm not. I like you a lot. And the sort of the audience, holy shit. You got to feed by ego, though, man. You can keep quiet a week. You got to tell me about this. What's the audience? I'm happy. Couldn't hear that. Well, if you check out the comment section on the video, people are just ranting and raving about how much they like you. And you're doing very, very good as far as viewers. But we're going to have to be very, very good. And we're going to have to be very good as far as viewership, relative to other guests. I don't just had this much positive view since the Dr. Dean Conversation. No way. But also. Yeah. And we get back about it. We really didn't focus a lot on steroids last up the So either. We've focused on training. So, you know, because of how hyper focus this culture is on drugs and how under focus they are, I'm training in nutrition. The algorithm doesn't promote anything that isn't drug content. So if they're passive learners and they let YouTube tell them what to watch, all they get fed is steroid content. They never see any of the other videos that I put out. But if there's someone who actually goes to the channel, looks, they'll see that 4 to 10% of the videos are steroid videos. The majority of the videos are training videos or body building or psychology or medicine that the steroid videos. I just stop making them. I've just got so sick of people, pigeonholing me and some steroid thing. So the reels on Instagram, those tend to be more steroid commercials. But when it comes to the YouTube videos, I wanted this to be more of a body build channel. It always was supposed to be a body build channel. Man, I'll tell you one thing right now, right? Before we get into nutrition. I've got a lot of traction through talking about drugs. And being honest, I think I said this in the first episode of us actually. And people come to me thinking, I'm this like wizard, we're talking about gear. But the thing is, I'm just open about it. It doesn't mean I'm a wizard. I've just had a lot of experiences with it. I've done my own part of research. I've worked with very, very good record, record, record coaches that have taught me. Now, this is why I talk about what I talk about. So we're getting good news for this. I hope this gets through their fucking fixed stocks. Because the reason why I talk so much about it, I'm so open about it, is because people look at either of the pros, especially the gym. Whatever I have the priorities for me, it's because these guys, classical music guys are especially an open-pro-body. And they will look at them and say, oh, you know, they've got something. They've got some sort of secret. They have some sort of secret they just have to. When reality is secret with the gear type stuff, which is not a secret, it's, I think it's only 10% of it. I think 10% of it because it's so important to get in nutrition training and work coverage. Why I'm so open and bad what I talk about is for the simple fact, why not call someone a fucking idiot because they're 16 years old coming to me, saying they're going to run trends for the first time most grown stuff. I openly say, like, you're a fucking idiot, you're a dead set fucking idiot. And you should be doing more research about it. You shouldn't be going to your own either stuff. And not just 16 years old, I'm talking guys, I had a guy come to me when I first got to buy. And he was telling me, is all my last career just holding out of me. I just know that I've got to be taking more stuff or running. He's telling me what he's running. And I'm like, dude, that's a pretty heavy cycle. That's a pretty experienced, like, real, that's more than what I'd say. And I come back to him and he wants to come on board everything like that. I'm like, okay, well, you know, this is what we're going to start off with, et cetera, et cetera. He didn't even know how to mix the, he didn't know how to, if I said, you know, say children milligrams of this or children mcg of this, he didn't know how to pull that out. He didn't know how to, you know, if you were to mix the water in like the ratio, simple maths, you learn and fucking great eight grade nine. To figure out, you know, how to work those notes. And I'm sitting there thinking like, you want to be blasting all this shit. And the thing is, it's also not you could just be bad of maths and whatever. But I'm going to go out there in a student straight away that if you aren't experienced or educated enough to know that you haven't done any research anywhere else. It makes me question what you're doing with your dosaging, it makes me question what you're doing with the nutrition training and everything else because you're so caught up on this big secret that I can be frozen and coaching your roots or your field doc, this things like that that it holding out on this this hidden secret. And the reason why I'm really transparent about what I do instead of simple fact that people look at me and they go, well, he's probably not lying because he's open enough to be talking about this, that or whatever. When I come back and say, look, you don't need a thousand megs of tests to start like you start on two tricky, maybe we micro dose of that way across the week, like there will be more than enough than just jumping straight to without it. I just give this to you, you're an example. I just want to share the girl listening to me because I know behind behind my back, behind your back or whoever else in my bed, they're going to be thinking, yeah, not he really does this, so he really gives people that or he really close to him, we get talk you guys will not do anything else, which is just fucking bullshit. Yeah, I get the most common questions I get from people that it's a fuck out of me as how much water do I put in my GH bottle. So if there's 18 units in the bottle and your dose is two a day, this doesn't matter how much water you pull it, put in, it just matters that you take out one ninth of the amount that you put in, there have no idea what I just said. No idea, they just have no brain, they can't think, they're just brain dead. And number two is, I see your videos about master on, I want to try it, so they completely misunderstood the point that once you've mastered testosterone and growth hormone and you can't use anymore because you're there's going to you're actually threshold of abuse. You use master on which is not better than test, it just has no side effects, so it's an adjunct to the test and that they just and they don't, I have like a required reading where every patient has to watch these five or six videos. And zero point zero percent of the people understand a fucking thing that's in them even though it's in simple plain English is not complicated at all. And it's just that you's drug addicts, they're just drug addicts even if they've never used steroids before they've got this drug addict mindset where they want to use drugs to solve their problems. It's insane how it's all in the country. It's every day. It's always going to be the same case though. When I was natural competing is a natural, I know you're really taking gear, I know you're really doing this. Well, and in my head, I was always like y'all showed them the day I started taking gear because they got a seat and then the students don't take them gear, it's a bit takes as much as you're going to die 30. You know, you know, you never going to win. So yeah, it is drug addict mentality. I think it's more of a alcoholic morbidic mentality because thumb consciously thumb consciously they can't actually feather that the boring hard work is 90% of them. They have to shoot their and go, okay, well, you know, Ronnie Coleman, I know he was doing, you know, 150 mugs of dynamo day a thousand mugs of test a day and whatever the fuck up. Whatever the fuck up whatever the use. And unfortunately, that's the only reasoning they can kind of have because they can sleep at night saying, okay. They can only get there that method because they're never going to do the work themselves. It's the same thing I can see someone driving down the street in the Lamborghini. First, those types of people will say, are they lucky or they're a drug dealer or that they had a trust on Keto? What are you saying? Yeah, it's never. They're rich because they're hard working and so is either because family money or their dishonest. So there's the same just same thing again, you know, they it's like one safe for you that out and they can sleep at night knowing that that's the real secret. It's like, that's what I tell people I'm like, oh, I've done super shit. I've done my first year as an item be amateur. I was told by my coach back then to be running 300 megawakes of trend and I slowly bumped it up right up to 700 and even did a thousand for two weeks. And I just tell people I'm like, I've done it. I've done the stupid shit before the uneducated stuff before and I'll tell you right now, it doesn't do anything extra. You know, it doesn't do it. Yeah, so people think that all these extra drugs or whatever it is, that's going to get you out of the line like I've done it. But I'm showing you right now like missing a meal. But like and people's I'll just want meal. It's like he wouldn't miss a shot. You know, missing a meal to me is like, leave worse fucking thing you can do when it comes to any kind of progression with this. Any kind of progression whether you're preparing to reshare or deepen the obsesive, you know, prioritizing sleep like you do. If you're averaging like an hour's less sleep and not because you're working up whatever it is, like it's going to make huge implications to your physique like I've seen it like just just even me being in divide here just having a better routine here than being back home and gym. You know, everything running around back in my home town. I'm sleeping better here. It's like my my physique's changing like crazy. Sure. Like, you know, it's the gear's more accessible to you. Because the main that it's like, night and day better. I mean, you you've had these talks on your reals before you know that pharmaceutical verse. Good underground stuff, you know, so is a people just to see a noise in the body and I think it's probably smashing all the mad gear. It's like, no, it's just it just gets my door set faster. Just gets delivered, which is really convenient. But really like it's more so you just look at the lifestyle factors. Now I actually just living as a pro body would aware I eat sleep train work from home. And that's what was sudden one of my physical and crazy. It's even like the same thing they go up. Are you using a Milana tan too, like I'm talking about, you know, some sort of steroid in my real or whatever it is using a Lantern two. It's like, well, device 42 degrees year round. So I probably got a bit of a tan on, but I was like, again, they can't tell them that it's just like a natural cause, you know, or whatever hard work it is, it's always going to be there's got to be something else there as to why this person is progressing, why to have the Lantern Gaining. Why this dude has a tan or he's just looking better all of the segments always going to be that hidden fucking secret that we don't know about. Yeah, I have this one drug addict could just call me the other day and he was like, I've lost seven pounds this week. But I'm starting to get a little weaker should be increased my dosage. This is after it took like a he was just going through the sting where he didn't believe me and he was taking more drugs than I was telling the take. And then he was having panic attacks about his cholesterol. So he doesn't listen at all and he's his nervous wreck. And I'm just like, well, they're fucker. You just need more calories. And then he's like, what was like the answer is never more drugs. You're just trying to lose body fat the answer is never more drugs. You're not even talking about fat loss drugs. You're just seven pounds in a week is insane. Two pounds in a week is insane. But seven pounds in a week is insane. You're losing weight too fast. We got it slow with down by giving him more calories. And it's like he's not a stupid guy. He's a multi multi multi millionaire. But every one's got a drug addict mentality. And it's, and I'm not going to blame society. I think people need to be accountable for their own thinking that this idea that if you have a tan you must be on Melano tan. Even if you were a Melano tan, you'd be also being exposed to ultraviolet beams in order to make the other. So it all they are saying is I'm a complete fucking retard drug addict by when they ask those questions. They don't know how much they tell you about them with their questions. Exactly. It's hard to talk about. Yeah. You're excited. Yeah. The smartest people are the ones who don't talk. They just listen. And so the more people ask questions, the more they let you know how dumb they are. Like I just saw your video that you were saying that you can put the mask and the task and the same syringe. Should I, is that true? It's like, no, I made a video where I was fucking lying. And they're like, well, you don't have to be such a smart ass. Like you don't have to be such a dumb ass. Well, it's a fuck. What I make a video. I get people come on law videos, Todd, and they're sitting there and they're saying, you're wrong. You're this. You're full of shit. Bob, Bob, Bob, and I just, I don't even, I used to go. I kind of take the piss out of them to get more comments coming back. They wouldn't realize I'm only replying to them just to get. Is it more you comment obviously at least the post? Yeah. But there's just something that's well. I don't really do engage. It's not. It's not. It's not. So, I need you for for me anymore. So I just sit there. And if you ever see comments, so if you're self or if you see like the viewers watching this, if you see comments from me, and I'm like, yeah, I'm wrong. You're actually completely right. That's just me. They are just replying back to them and just like, you're not even worse. That's just sitting the way. So I just let them have it. I'm like, yeah, you're right. I'm completely wrong. I look, I don't know. I just talk shit. It's like, it sounds like you're using short esters. Like the short, like the boss you wrote to school on. You know, I'll just crash people. Because I want them to blow up and get mad and start trying to fight with me because it just drives up the comments. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And be like, oh, that's rage, break blah, blah, blah, blah. It's like, I don't clip and edit the shit, man. I just shoot it and then if if kind of decides to clip it up, so it's provocative. And then it pisses off a bunch of bitches. And then they bitch and complain in the comments section and all these fights break out. It just makes engagement go up. And it's not that that's not my goal. My goal is to educate. But if someone doesn't want to learn, they want to watch a video says, put GH and test in the same syringe and inject it in the muscle. And then like, I thought you can't mix toast and oil and water. And then that's in there 30 times. I'm not going to entertain that shit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I just did a video explaining what to do. And like, let the blue car is made with blue paint. I thought blue cars were made with red paint. Like, I don't need to say no, they're not. They're made with blue paint. Yeah, you're gonna have it still, that's just ridiculous. It's incredible. I'll stupid people are with their questions. So do you have a question? Would you have your dreams? If you have a backpack on this, going into an nutrition partner. Because how I, how I work nutrition with my clients on myself. One thing I'm really big on is in the off-season, keeping me. I think the day is that bulky is gone. I, I just as seen useful with it. I think you produce potential metapoddy fat. Your insulin sensitivity is ruined. And I really think insulin sensitivity, we can, we can dive into that. But I think insulin sensitivity is probably the most important thing when it comes to losing fat or putting on muscles. Like, that's just one thing I just stand by. But staying lean and progressively, what my method is this, whenever someone comes to me, I put them on a cut straight away. Where they want to put on muscle all this body fat. They say we want them growing muscle in the off-season. You know, I'll say, I'll say, look, well, we're not really doing an off-season or preseason. We're going to continuously grow muscle in a lean fashion. I don't want you to hear me saying, well, what are we going to do in eight weeks time? What are we going to do the same fucking thing? This is what we do. We go to initial cut firms really hard for weeks just to get the body moving. Get it, you have weighted it up a little bit because you're not going to be in the condition that I want you to be in anyway. Unless you come out of a show, you know, but just to argument say. And then from there, it's really just beating the body as it progresses and performs better in the gym. That is one thing I just stand by. Like, so you just kind of keep that threshold of gradually increasing food. But as you're getting stronger because as strong a muscle like we spoke about, or progressive muscle is a bigger muscle now. If you're training better, your form is getting better. We spoke about as well different types of regression last week as far as, you know, I might get that a form that erupts. That a tempo, more frequency, whatever might be. That's still going to engage the higher up. So in reality, what's going to happen over time is that your maintenance is just going to keep, like maintenance is going to keep increasing over time. So you're going to keep matching the food over time. And to me, if you just look at it from an outside looking in, you have to be putting on muscle with that and it's going to be very high to put on body sign. So let me jump in there. It sounds like you watched Ella's opinion about maintenance calories that me and Ella did a video called Autopsy Balkan where she was getting so much flat because her definition of maintenance is your body fat doesn't decrease your increase. Your weight can increase, but your body fat doesn't increase. That's it. Yeah, I did say I actually did say that. Yeah. Yeah. And so it sounds like that's what we do. And then I've always felt that you should cut someone first so you can resensitite. Because I have to assume everyone comes to me eating like an asshole because most regular people, they do everything are on. So if you, you know, you put them on a small mate deficit. Get them start doing some cardio, try to get the cholesterol under control. Because they're like, I want to use anivar. I want to use master on. It's like, yeah, but you've got a cholesterol. You can't. You're not healthy. You're not healthy enough to do steroids. So we're going to do HRT and have you become physically healthy and fit and then we'll re evaluate the steroids. And so once they get lean enough and their blood works good enough, they're like, all right, I want to change directions right, Balkan. But we don't ball. We put on muscle. Balkan means intentionally gaining fat in the tip to get muscle. You're using your grenade in the house's rescue situation. We use sniper rifles. It's like, and then they're like, oh, how much gear can I throw at this? It's like, you don't need any gear. Because you haven't failed to grow muscle. The algorithm is if you're sleeping enough, if you're eating enough, if you're training correctly, and you're not growing muscle, that's when we increase a by a tiny amount, like either 10th, or 20th, or 20 master on per day. And then after, and then the window like, well, up again, it's like you might never go up again. It might be enough steroids for you to grow for the next 10 years. Using more drugs does not mean more muscle. No, it's training stimulus, assuming you're at least maintenance calories to grow muscle. I think that's a really, I think that's a really wide of food. The, the maintenance is always keeping in check. With your body fat, I think that's a really good way to put it. And in reality, I was, every, everyone who come back now, and buy back and say, I get, I still get it now. I still think I go to do a bowl, or when should I do my next bowl, or it's like the word itself, I can't stand it. But then the other thing too is I see in the social media world, okay, I'm doing a build phase, a bulk phase, a game phase, a mass building, it's like, stop with the fucking names. I stop with the names, like they all mean the same shit to me, right? It's, it's so simple, like you just train harder every week. You recover harder every week. And you eat harder if you have to. Every week in accordance to what your body's giving you back. And it's, it's so fucking simple, but the thing is like boring works, you're like we talk back in business, right? It's successful business. They find a formula and they just repeat the process. And this is one of those things where people say to me, you're, you know, offseason, the hardest thing or, or, you know, away from shows, the hardest thing. It's like, I think it's fucking easy. Like, I think prepping for shows when you hungry and depleted and things like that is really hard. If you're good in the offseason with very good insulin sensitivity, you got a good routine, good sleep, you hitting a cardio and obviously training for the roof. It's fucking fun. I don't have this, like people say, how do you walk around now between 135, 140, so let's have 300 to 310 pounds. How do you walk around? It's like, I'm sweet. Like, you guys are seeing three weeks or I'm not out of fucking breath. I'm not sitting there with the suggestion while I'm talking here back to back. Like, it's, I never have a problem with anything. Like, I don't know, nor, you know, I still, I've actually had enough to just see that anymore. I just use a mouth tape and all my numbers come back from my sleep reading really, really well. So, you know, like, it's, it's actually so much fun. I'm like, look, I'm like, I actually really don't have a stretch for a while because everything's so good. It's like, it's like me being 17 again, when I first saw me step into a gym and you're training just for a lot of the off the school, just eating and training and enjoying the whole process. Yeah, that's what it feels like right now. It's like, why, why shouldn't you feel like that in an off season? So, you sound like you've got the off season perfect if you're able to grow and not blow out your insulin resistance. Now, according to what Snitch was telling me is that when you leverage insulin, whether you're using excessive carbs or injectable insulin, you're also going to develop intermuscular triglyceride. And that intermuscular triglyceride causes inflammation and the inflammation damages insulin resistance. I mean, it causes insulin resistance. So, in other words, impatience to get the most out of insulin and is up shortening the window that you can grow muscle without having to do a mini cut to get rid of the intermuscular triglycerides and re-sensitize yourself to insulin. So, theoretically, you would eat just enough food to be in a slight surplus or maintenance of body fat percentage. Your weight's going up, but your body fat is not. And of course, the numbers in your lockbook are going up because if you're gaining weight and you're not getting stronger, it's fat. If you're gaining weight and you're getting stronger, it's muscle. If you're losing weight and you're getting stronger, you're gaining muscle and losing fat in theory. And I think your point was the reason why the term bulk and stupid is that your goal should be to get build muscle, the entire fucking year. You should be in this, maybe if your maintenance calories is 4000, you should probably be 40, 100, 9 months a year. And then you should be at 3500 for 4 months of a year or something like that. Before you step on this, you should be in a very, you never got fat in the first place, so your prep should be so mild. Even though you're only 500 calorie deficit, you're able to grow muscle because if you don't take those calories away from your food, you're taking the calories away from your fat, the acardio. Then if just adding cardio and using drugs to leverage fat as a fuel source over muscle, like GH, Kwan, MOTC, SLU, Alcarnishing, using those fat-wast drugs before your fast cardio, even if your calories don't really come down, you can dig into your body fat and still progress in the gym. Is that what you were basically saying about the phases, don't make sense? Exactly that. Exactly that. Because, how can I put it? It's like the same thing with what you're doing, you're doing cardio on the offseason. Why would you be doing cardio on the offseason? It's like, what the fuck would you want? You know, like, so you, this is where it's like starting to see when I work with my guys, or even with myself, you must be hard to eat, going into the market, it's so hard, like, you need to know more than the acon. Next question, how do you eat 7,000 calories? I'm like, oh, 7,000 calories. I'm fucking starving still. You know, like, 100 of my meal after we talk, you know, and people are asking, how are you doing it? I'm like, well, unfortunately, this is the other thing I'm not going to be belivering, because I've got brains these. So, I'm only going to eat foods that I respond to, which I've got a listing from the last six weeks. Now, what that does for me, Todd, is that can I guess the foods before we move on? Actually, I don't know. I hate to break out. I can, I want to guess the food you before we move on. What is a crones-friendly foods? I'm going to say rice, potatoes, chicken, fish, and maybe some type of easily they're just a vegetable vegetables. Maybe, like, I would say peas. Is it kidney? Is it kidney? Okay, is it kidney? So, I don't actually eat anything, I don't eat anything, it's kidney, the moment I'm just because I'm so high, that it's just, it's more like the volume. One thing I do preach, which I love, which works really well for my crones and a lot of guys I've got to choose, and they use pineapple and dates. So, dates, I'll be able to help everything push through and pineapple for digested purposes. Fresh pineapple, obviously. But that's, that's a really, really, on point, that's exactly the third's I eat. And I enjoy the third's I eat. Like, I really enjoy them. Because I've, I've always got a lot of salt, so I'll tell you where I can cook my meals, fresh, every meal. So, if you cook your meals, fresh, every meal, you're going to enjoy it. Really, I have to eat on meal. Can I, I hate to break your strad, I want to explain a couple things to the audience. So, the pineapple has a belief, a pain, which is digestive enzyme. See, they're bromolin, they're, it's, they're bromolin. And that'll help digest the protein from the chicken and the fish, although those are easily digestible. You probably stay away from beef because it's so hard at digest, you probably stay away from eggs and egg whites, because they can tend to be. Egg whites specifically can be very hard at digest without the yolk and the yolk provides probably too much fat. And then I wouldn't say that just quickly on that, when I actually chose headphones, I went down the carnival rat because I just, it was one of the things where they weren't selling too much. I'm going to, you like, a Munis suppressants and everything else, I'll need a jump on. So, I mean, you're kind of, I'm clutching assurances, I'm like, I just don't really know, so I kind of had a crack that, was it the carnival diet? No, it was the elimination method assigned with it. And then using the carnival diet, elimination method, the hybrid at both from there, because I was eating a lot of steak, what a beast me and so on eggs. And that was actually the start of my journey. And I felt a million times got a lean and everything like that, but obviously because the calories are lower, that's obviously why things are just quite well, which then I actually started meetings was chicken at fish, but here's the other thing too is that we, we tend to go for a centimeter per 18 in the body, you know, some people said two points for enhanced cost two point two and three, where I about four grams per kilogram. Which is, which is quite a fair amount. And four to, yes, sometimes even four point five, because just being bifes towards that from back in the day when I, when I, when I, I'll say fix myself three years ago, it was a remission. I've just always kept a higher protein amount in there. I have gone down the high carburet again, and I haven't ever really had a problem with it, but my body just does feel better on the higher amounts of protein. That doesn't mean I did it with every every client as such, but again using the pineapple is a big fact, because it's just helping digest the proteins as well. And the reason you include the dates is because on top of being like a big raising that's a ton of sugar, but it's fruit. You need to also are getting the potassium, so that if you're not using potatoes, if you're using just chicken and rice, then the dates being mixed in with the rice is something they do in the Middle East. And that it also is going to give you all the potassium you need, whereas if you're using potatoes, it's so filling it wouldn't be a good choice in the off season. Potatoes would be a better choice in contests prep because you get way more volume and potassium that way. So dates and rice and pineapple, probably while you're trying to grow. And then when you're trying to cut, you can drop that shit and just use potatoes to cut. That's exactly exactly exactly the switch I would you know. So yeah, always found as well using dates. We're really hoping like the healthy look of much tools as well. Whenever I keep dates, you know, I just want to just buy our movements or a little more consistent, you know, no, I want to be on podcast now talking about how I should look, but you know, we're going to be honest with our body, we all just have a G.I. problems and things like that. So they were two great additives that I kept in and I really do keep them in every meal. Obviously in a contest prep where calories are always strict as far as more switch than potatoes and exactly what you said, or be a data grade because yeah, they carved in. They taste good. They're like a caramel kind of taste, you know, so it's good to break up the meal as well as having pineapple, which is why I never really have a sweet to it. But again, when you're in the off season and we have. Last all events, we have Christmas birthdays. We have all these things where, you know, you know, say if I came to America, you wouldn't know it can't show up and dinner or whatever it is. Because I'm so strict in the off season, I enjoy my foods. If I did want a burger, which is very rarely because I just genuinely enjoy my foods. But if I did go have a burger because you have to do it, you just go try this burger place and you have to try it. I'm not sitting there the next day with a crying square up like it right now because I truly believe the people I've worked with have come to me for crying's obvious problems and what I kind of bullshit is for the soul reason that they're not saying can just in the first place. We can talk about stress as well because I think stress plays a huge part of it, but for the most part within nutrition. They're not consistent enough to them to be allowed to go out and eat for as they come and work them next day, you know, and she's pizza last night of what it is. I personally wouldn't need cheese pizza anyway, but like I can go out and have a sheet meal if I really want to. For example, when I see my door, you know, I like what I don't eat ice cream right I never read ice cream, but she's when she says that he can get it ice cream with me. And when you get fuck you, I'll get it. Why not? I have the ice cream. It's it's dairy right. You know, I said you think that I've said my god heavily as sugar and a lot. I'm typically strong. But I'm perfectly fine. You know, so I'll take it with dinner and she like when we when we drive down to see my parents every year for Christmas we do the road trip because I take with me it's a 14 hour drive. We've very good to have a couple of days and it's always me I make dollars we stop there on the way someone else got an idea of a result. I never fucking even don't just know my thing I just had to want to hear that just something. But every year it's like I just know like the point I stop off so I'll stop in. I'll get a cheese burger. I'm a chicken burger fries and a coat and joy because just once I've ever read it. It's bonding time with my daughter because she likes to have a happy meal. She doesn't eat a McDonald's either. Same when she's with her mother and she has really loved McDonald's. But we just kind of sit there have almost sitting there on a drive after going. We shouldn't have that like everyone else because even normal person with that coronavirus or I be yes. They're sitting there afterwards and they're saying oh I eat McDonald's right it's like you eat it a few times a week and you go have you know high on the other end and you have Terry Ark you give it. It's like not to say these fruits are overly bad but just because you call that clean. It doesn't mean it's not going to upset things in the future you know it's always say like the consistency is always going to be best and the more consistent you are. The more freedom you have when it comes to those kind of things where christian stay terms. Whatever the fuck you want. Don't fall you don't hold it if you want to have christian stay off and you want to eat you talk with her breakfast and talk with this for the lunch and whatever it is you have a few drinks. A guarantee if you're sitting there. Get around following it when it comes to these events which you can get the energy and enjoy you're not making these sacrifices like everyone else is the boy as the body would like oh you know you're going to miss out on so much as the body would do. Do you go well to discipline in the sacrifice and what's fucking sacrifice or sacrifice or sacrifice shit you know it's it doesn't happen to me that why I. So I've got some I want to contribute to this so like. The idea that Christmas and things giving have to be catastrophic is ridiculous because you got potatoes and turkey. Yeah, yeah, and then the of what the fuck that's what you normally and then Christmas you have a ham and potatoes. So you have mashed potatoes and ham on one holiday and then you have mashed potatoes and turkey on the other holiday. How is this that fucking heart so your mom put some sour cream and butter in the mess. Yeah, I'm all fucking well and it's like you put a table spoon don't put a fucking gallon put a table spoon of gravy on the mashed potatoes and the turkey if it's dried. Or get the dark meat turkey and then you don't have to use the gravy as far as the ham the ham is delicious and juice you don't have to put shit on the ham. Oh, you want to put some cranberry sauce in the ham. Fine. It's like a fucking table. Oh, yeah, man. It's not going to be that we're talking to actually 200 to maybe 300 calories to that meal compared to your mother meals. It's just such a fucking stupid idea that you will like put there's cookies. So I don't eat the cookies. If you sit down at the table with your family and you're eating mashed potatoes and turkey. And no one's going to notice you're not eating the cake and the bullshit. It's when you bring out Tupperware and you make them uncomfortable and they want to lash out at you because you make them feel like a fat ass. And then the whole conversation is how everyone wants to lose weight and it rooms the mood. And then they remember you made them feel bad even though you're open your fucking mouth. You're just eating. And if you just blend in, you get the same plate and you just put healthy choices on the table. You just eat a thing. You just sit there. How would you know, right? If I sat there and I just had this because I eat three plates worth of fucking food for the normal person. Anyway, right? So I eat my normal three plates. Like just for us, I take one with you. I salmon rice dates and fucking pineapple. It would be three. Well, a normal person would eat would feed three fucking three people. So why do you want just normal meal and so I go to the bed. I've sit there and I just go, I'm good. I'm full. You so how much I am fucked. They're going to go, oh yeah, fuck. You're so good. You know, like then the, they're not going to come back and question anything. You know what I do is I make, I make sure to cut off a whole leg of the turkey. So I get the thigh and the leg. So I take half the dark meat. Yep. And then everyone's resentful because I took what they wanted. They're so mad at me for I was like, oh, that's good. I thought you didn't know. I thought you wanted me to eat what you guys eat. Yeah. And they're like, well, well, you can't have it both ways. Yeah. Can't have me eat what you guys are eating. And then you get pissed about how the fact of I eat more than all of you. But he's a thing to eat. Like I've said to people too, like I've said, if you're really worried about it, you know, you say you want to have you meal one and you're stressing about it. You know, I just miss meal two and then have lunch and come on to that way. Like it's it's not a huge deal. And as I said, if you're following stuff here around like even in a prep, like I've had people with a getting ready for season A and that's, you know, they ten weeks or eight weeks away from the show, you should be well prepared anyway. You know, if you're sitting there and like one one meal is going to fuck you. It's like, well, clearly we're not in a good spot in the first place. And you shouldn't be doing a shot. And last it destroys digestion. Like for example, with your McDonald's comment, Colton looks figured out that McDonald's, you can smash McDonald's and be hungry two hours later. But if you eat Burger King, you're trashed for hours. And one of your fellow, obviously, you know, a countrymen, Nick, he was like, he said they used different oils at Burger King. And I looked at the menu and like, yeah, everything, everything at Burger King is twice the fat of what it is in McDonald's. Yeah, McDonald's, whimmy more, more processed. But it tastes better than Burger King. And you can get through a meal. Oh, hold on. You're right. Yeah, you can get through to that break up my sounded all of you. You can sound a lot of you. Not an eye, you're good. I mean, so even though my phones aren't doing that just stir, but for some reason, that went through to my watch. It's all right. So what I'm saying is you can eat McDonald's and it doesn't fuck up your whole day, whereas if you Burger King and fucks up the whole day. And it's, by the way, I'll see the Burger comment. If you came to Detroit, there's a place called Red Coat Tavern, which is a theme type restaurant. It's like really old like 67 years old based on the concept in like the 1700s, the British, where basically would wear red coats. So American Revolutionary, it's like underground seller and like the idea, the theme is like you're like plotting to defeat the English. And so like every the tables look like they're from the 17th century, the menus look like they're from the 17th century. And they have these burgers that are called red coat burgers. And they've been the best burgers in Detroit for like 50 years, but they have P-bot beef. So the whole half-pom burgers only like two grams of fat. Oh, beautiful. Yeah, it's late. And they got so many different add-ons you can put on them. But the way that normally comes is just lettuce, mayonnaise, beef and the bread with true stomatos slices. And I put some ketchup on that and honestly the macros for that are like 50, 50, 10. So even on prep right now, if I wanted to, I could drive across the street and get a red coat burger. And it'd be no different than one of my normal meals. I just don't do it because my body doesn't have just beef nearly as well as it does. Yeah, yeah, of course. And I don't want to fuck up my digestion because people don't think about that. It's not about the discomfort of defecating or it being messy. It's that like you said, the form of feces dictates how you digested that meal and also the trauma you did to the intestinal villi to, you know, like if you're not up to zorbing that food, you fucked up your villi. Which means the next meal is not going to absorb right and the next meal is not going to absorb right. You see the lot of damage. So I found, I was going through my taxes. They said I'm doing my taxes. I'm going through my bank records, looking at everything I ate because it's all on there. And the things that I frequently would get would be Persian food. I would get lamb and rice. That's a cheat meal. I would get. Pads to you, which is rice noodles with beef or pork and a sweet soy sauce. I usually get light oil and it's got one egg in there. And so it's like 100 grams of carbs, 50 grams of protein, like 15 grams of fat. That's a cheat meal. And then also I go to hungry hollies, which is a pizza place. And I would get the light sauce, light cheese. And the whole pizza only has like 50 grams of fat when you do it that way. So he's just right apple and bacon on him. Yeah, so I'm looking at my cheat meals and they're not that bad. The only flaw with them is that one of them has gluten. He's a sugar, right? When it comes to a cheat meal, just another hack. For the viewer. And you just gave it away. If I was an old person, like a family member come to seed tub. I'm in town. I'm in Detroit. Yeah, let's go somewhere, right? They're just going to actually catch up with you and see you because they're in Detroit. And they might be coming from down south or whatever. Those not so much about our content because they're going to stay in my diet. It's like, should I have them seeing this person in three years? You know, I'm really going to see them. I can't have my misses. Choose a place that you know and trust because really it's more about the social aspect of things. When you go and have these cheat meals, it's not about the cheat meal itself. Like when you go somewhere, you know, no one, I don't think anyone truly wants to eat a fucking three-pattery burry with fucking cheese. And it's just all stop and off from like you can't eat anything. Yeah, some people like it, you know, whatever. But you know what I mean? Like most people I know don't. So it's more about just catching up in a social setting. Like, like, half the half thing you said about that burger place was the actual setup itself. So a lot of go there about where this cool history, you know, like you can eat the experience of being here. That this is cool man. Like, you know, the burger itself is typically in a burger. I like I like it done well done perfect and just basic and simple. But for me, I was actually more drawn in by like, oh, yeah, I'm going to be cool if we caught up and I want to try and show you this place. You know, me, like, so when you when people get over the top with this whole missing out or I am sorry, I'm going to sacrifice this. I'm going to miss out on that. It's like, man, like, if you are a little, if we get back to the original, if you are following your so called build face, blocking face properly. And you were well ahead in your preparations for shows. Those things should never detriment your progress. Right. And like we we got this there's this thing called Troy style pizza. We didn't know it was called Troy style pizza until recently. It was just deep dish. There is Chicago deep dish and then there's just deep dish and then Detroit, our deep dish is square. It's not round. Okay. It's not like a pie like Chicago deep dish. It's just it's a square pizza with really thick crust. And then it's got cheese and then it's got the sauce on top. And the first place it did this was called buddys pizza. So it's a cheating here in Detroit. So when I got someone from a town, if they've never had Detroit style pizza or they liked Detroit style pizza, they've never had an actual body. And then I'll take them to bodies. And there's a way of ordering it so that it's not going to crush anyone's diet. If you just get four pieces and you get the low fat cheese and you're it's not catastrophic. Like I can manage because I know almost I could make anything that someone's macrosing. Even when you eat sushi like I know one piece of nigiri that's tuna is going to be 3.5 grams of protein 5 grams of carbs zero fat. Now if we got one piece of nigiri that was salmon that'd be 3.4 grams of protein two or three grams of fat and five carbs. So based on how much macros they have to work with like if I'm taking a girl out to eat and I'm also the one who wrote a diet. And I know that she's allowed 30, 40, 10, then I would know what because she most girls would just order a dragon roll and they have no fucking idea what's in it. You can do it this way and we'll order it just right so that you got maybe eight pieces of nigiri and a roll. That's maybe too much that would be 60 grams of carbs. But nonetheless like you can match it to their macros and without being controlling like a people are like, oh you like four-sh girls do you clean when you take him on on dates. It's like no but a lot of people are afraid to eat out because they don't know how and have it still their macros and not fuck up your digestion. So like or like if you're actually with a client and then you hit the gym like it's just as a social like you want to meet this person in person they're local. You're like hey let's work out you work out you want to go get some sushi and they're like well, well it fit my diet. I'm like I'm making Fitchy diet and I'll order them exactly what it is that fits their diet that way. And that to me is a valuable skill that most people don't have. We used to have it 15 years ago, but now that there's so much apps and food calculators and meal prep companies and bars that have this much. That much that people that become so reliant on being consumers they're too passive when it comes to their own nutrition. So they don't know how to actually look at a plate of food and calculate macros. So there's something we used to be able to do. Let's go on the reverse now. There's going to be one on the opposite ends. You have people that take advantage of what you just said and they abuse that power which turns into the. If it fits your macros. So they will continue to change their diet every single day because they want to feed cake in one day and a crescent the next. And you know what's the fun talk. The clients I've had for this actually majority nutrition and diet to shoot. I know they they come to me and they work like, oh, I did this. So I just did that. I'm like. Are you you fucking kidding me like to me. I've said this in many times consistency. But you work those things for example you're traveling for your show is told right. You know, you get a flat tire between between cities and you're at a gas station. You're going to have to do that. You're in prep to fucking bad. You're meals are going to stay on the back. You're going to have to have and work something from the gas station. Hopefully, you know, you got to do what you're doing. But you don't stop growing a gas station there to fill up and you're like, oh, you know what I'm kind of hungry. I'm not just, you know, see what I'm looking back at this. Yeah, I can shoot that into my macros like to. I can see that it's like, I think it's actually creating file. It's disciplined and creating more of a food disorder because it's allowing you to reason with eating poor quality food. Well, I think we got to talk about the population you mentioned in my experience. Most registered dietitians are of these women who are food addicts and they went into dietetics because they thought they could figure out a better way than eat and be less fat and they succeed their less fat. But the thing is, the problem with if it fits your macros is if you don't have an actual clean food menu, it doesn't work. You can't be including gluten and dairy and sugar and digesting that man-made shit. And I know people like, but you brought up pizza. Yeah, maybe once I think I ate at buddies pizza once last year. And that was because Ryan Reep was in front interview. Yeah, Dave. And he'd never had to try to tell us pizza. That's it. That was one day. Now the rest, I'm like, you said you had hungry how is I'm like, I for some reason could I just that pizza very well. Once I stopped being able to digest it, I pulled it. And I stuck with the lamb and rice is a cheat meal or the Thai food is a cheat meal for the rest of the year. And that's it. I'd say the dairy and the gluten is in a was something that is a mistake. But at least with that restaurant, I know exactly what the macros are. And I can plan accordingly for the rest of the day around that. Now the menu, the actual ingredients are to contraband ingredients. They're going to fuck up your digestion for a while. And I'm not saying you should do that. But I'm saying that if you were going to have to do that, then at least having these, your favorite foods, you should know what least what their macros are. You can plan around that. Completely agree. Yeah, completely agree. And you're lucky said, the other way, willing, right? That that had become less fat. And they come back and argue that with with which me kind of sit there. I'm like man, like you're not doing yourself any favors because they actually still have a binge on their plans playing for a family. And that'll be offseason or pre-contest. But again, if you were, if you were building your physique, male or female. And the males and females are worked with it by top end clients I would show. They're reading so much for the evidence of the food they enjoy. They don't want to veer off their diet because if I actually wouldn't have a cheat meal top, it probably wouldn't be enough calorie anyway to substitute the amount of food I would have to eat. So that's why I like when people say, I do eat plain plain. I'm like, I'm not for a little bit of nando's, nando sauce on it. And I think too spicy because that aggravates or time to bite with you sauce or something like that. But again, too much sauce, too much eating out, too much inconsistent. I can't eat that much food. So if I said to cook, I have 450 grams of chicken thigh. I have 150 grams of raw weight of rice. 150 grams of pineapple and 50 grams of dates in a meal. That was the meal I just had before. Now, to match that protein wise at a restaurant, it couldn't do it. It might not be very expensive. It's true. I can't physically eat that much because it's as we say, it's cooked different. It's sort of they use it. It's tasty. It's beautiful. You get to your half, but you're like, man, I'm I'm dumb. Like I try to eat any more necessarily. I'm actually missing out on quality foods and quality calories if I was to go out and eat to fit my macaroons on a daily basis. I found that like, if you go to a Korean barbecue, we got all you can eat Korean barbecue here. Yep. It's almost impossible to get enough food in the only way for me to get enough food in a school to assist you buffet. And then I can slam that stuff as long as I stay away from the fat containing fish. Once I've had enough protein and carbs, now I can start having the unackey, which is the barbecue eel, as like a dessert. And then as soon as the fat hits your stomach, then boom, your pyloric spink through your slam shut and your stomach's done. So I always stay away. If I'm trying to eat as much as possible to get at a restaurant, get in enough food. I pretty much have to go to a buffet and stick to something like sushi because it's just white rice with sugar in it. And then you've got the salt, he soy sauce, you've got the sweet and the salt. It's hyper palatable, which will keep you eating even if you're full. And then the fish dig just so fast that it's not going to sleep on it. And then as soon as any fat hits your stomach, boom, the pyloric spink through your slam shut and you're done eating that meal. That's probably why. I'll say limit, you'll live in Rossville. I'll show up on that quite quickly because slam your limbs a fatty of meat. It's exactly six to eight ounces of lamb and it's hard to get through that. But I could easily slam 12 ounces of chicken and rice. Yeah, no problem. Yeah. Which is why it's a great sheet meal is because it's self-limited. Same thing like if I got like there's this place called happy pizza, happy pizza. They don't have very good pizza. Another Detroit business, but they've got incredible ribs and wings. So like six ribs and six wings is a hundred grams of protein, a hundred grams of fat and only like a 50 carbs. Yeah. It's impossible for me to get through that. Yeah, you wouldn't go to get into it. It's impossible. You know, it's too much. I can do maybe three ribs and two or three wings. Then six that hours later when I'm done burping it up, I can have the other three ribs and the other six wings. Yeah. So this sheet meal takes about nine hours out of my day. Yeah. So on a sheet at a day that I have to cheat me, like at less food in than on a regular day. So my performance and digestion are bad the next day. So what's your opinion on this then? Because I haven't had another church doing this with me. And funny enough, it works. This actually works when I was working with Chris and Cito because working with the guy like John, he likes to keep things clean, everything like that. So which I'm on the same too. The one thing with Chris and Cito, we should probably familiar with is that when I was getting ready with shows with him, I would get condition quite early. And we'd go through like three days. But the referee days for me in clean food, I find especially when you're in a prep and you're preparing through and whatever. Sometimes actually my body works faster and I'm just like eating clean rice whatever. And it's funny because he would say to me, look, you've got to get a two burgers and fries, get a coke, just eat, you got to have it to take after that. Or might do it not doing that. We would like by heads and it's like the opposite, you know, you usually say like you're crying, you would say, I know you're cheating on your diet, you're fat fuck, you know, it was the opposite of me, he's like, you got to get to eat this and I'm like, no, I don't just have like, Ross is a nail, you got to get to this you're moving to quick. But funny enough. Funny enough. It was true especially towards the end when I was moving so quick, like I touched down the US. 10 days before the show. Seven days before the show. And I was eating all my meals and having some sort of like, I hope meal or something real heavy based once or twice a day. And my body was just, I was just, I'm talking churning through. I mean, I remember we'll backstage it was like, I told you this on the first episode, I think. How, you know, I was one of those pure guys that show and and two came up to me big studio and he's just like man like you're fucking peeled, you know, and it was cool man because I hear him was looking at that way where, you know, I was tall guy. Obviously being told how to fill up at least have the commission there was really cool to kind of see that but I still flat like they put the spray 10 on me. And she should do the 10 and it's just like, oh, do you want to go again and I think the other guys are waiting to dry off and I'm like, oh, I'll go again. I don't know 10 was perfect, right? But that's how dry and depleted or was, you know, and my body was moving that quick. They're even with all that heavy dance and all the fruits I preach against. And my body just soaked it up and, you know, if I was eating clean fruits, I would have just wasted the way. So it's a very interesting way to do things, especially in his regard because it's very unaltyed. And I'm not sure if he's going to do anything else that works, it's not something I really preach to my clients. It's not something I typically enjoyed as such. Not because it didn't work just more for the mental aspect, you know, how we, you know, we teach ourselves things and whatever it is, I like to eat clean. I feel better eating clean and blah, blah, blah. But you know, you're a trusted process for your courage and obviously Chris, you know, by the best courage in the world ever. I'm going to, I'm going to listen to him. And the certain extent, it really did work, you know, so. Have you ever experienced something like that or like what's what's your opinion on something like that? My body never really agreed with. Ship loading. I've never worked with the coach long enough to find the perfect ship loading, but I've worked with athletes. And I found like like Karina for her first show. Her getting the bonsai burger at Red Robbins with two orders of fries and a half a cookie was exactly what she needed to peak perfect the next day. You know why I don't know. I had it depleted as fuck for a while, but it worked perfect. That was the, we've tried out several different sheet meals as a way of loading before the day before and that worked out perfect. Now with clients. Unless you're sitting there with them at the restaurant, you can't make sure that they stick to that because once you light that fire, they might just keep eating. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You're not going to pull the other half of the cookie away from them. They're going to eat the whole cookie or they're going to get three orders of fries. You know, I mean, so that doesn't work with people if you don't have direct physical control of them. Whereas like so usually have to be like, okay, we're going to add this much honey and rice cakes at to every meal or almond butter and rice cakes with honey to every meal. And that's more standardized like because they can weigh the almond butter and put it on, but like if you're going to pick a Russian like I know with Chris Asito. It's, it's five guys. It's two burgers, one fry and a large coke from five guys or it's a muffin like that's what he likes to use when he wants to be. That's a big one. Oh, or a cookie here. That's you. That's you. Yeah. So me being anal, I would go to Costco and I would buy the cinnamon style muffin that are like 600 to 80 or 1400 calories. And I would say Chris, this is the muffin I want to use because it's standardized and we can get this muffin in every city America. And make sure he's okay with me having a standardized muffin so that we can measure because otherwise just random ass muffins are not all muffins are created equal. Yeah, you know, and. And that's why I think McDonald's is something Roman Fritz reduced, we see the Domino's pizza or McDonald's is he can get a Domino's pizza or a McDonald's in any city in the world. Yeah, okay. That's a very good food, but it's reproducible he has the same order that he eats the night before he does like two Domino's pizza or something. And then the morning of the show he would have four of these burgers three fries two apple pies he had like a standardized order for filling out. And that's critical. Yeah, that's a good point because that I'm not against someone's methods with them with them. And because I had to learn the hard way because I was like six or seven weeks out. Gluten shred and I can see myself wasting your weight. He's like, you need to have this in some way against me and I'm like, okay, or I fuck or do it, you know. And yeah, everything he said was correct. It was more just more just that for me. I kind of had to go down a path or I'm going to choose something where I know it's consistent. Because having another burger again or having another muffin again, it's just going to be that kind of consistency because when you're eating out. It's hard. It's hard to choose. Especially when you're in prep here. I'm doing the right thing. What it is. A lot of people that would take advantage of it as you said and abuse that power. And, you know, I thought you meant a burger was like a triple patty stack from like the fatty as burger joint in my town. Where serious guys, they're okay. Sweet. Like, I don't mean anything. It's like one patty. It's a two patty. What's this account for it? What's the radius of the burger? Like, you know, you tend to freak out because obviously some burger place is a whole more fat than others. You know, so. But look, I got a test to where I got to say it looked. It worked man. And then like, I'm after kind of just going with it. Where I was kind of choosing. I hope every day because I knew that was consistent from where I was in LA. It did show good. It did show good. No, like, you know, you're that peeled and you're forcing that kind of food. So mentally as well. I think the stress came off because it's like it was a good feeling to be like, oh, well, it'd be better for me right now to stop myself from wasting away. Then what it is, did how we want to make the show, how are you going to pull you in. So my standardised system is. I'm seeing someone's doing legs push pull, which is how I program the standard programming is legs push pull. Because legs push pull off legs push pull off. So on the off day at the last meal, you have an additional high carb meal. It's a carb reload to then prime them for the leg workout the next day. And if they're in a deficit, they would have read a two-sided after the high carb meal. So that they can go three days with decreased appetite. Most people, they will fuck this up and they'll go have ribs. Rips is not a high carb meal. So they just throw away three days worth of progress. But, you know, some people are smart. They're like, all those have three extra cups of rice. And I was like, oh, and then can I have the three extra cups of rice throughout the day? It's like that's even better. So you just, so like, with me, most of this prep I was having a medium day that was 420 carbs. And then I would have three low days, which are like 160 carbs. And right now what I've got is what Tom's doing is I'm checking in frequently. And what the pattern has been is two medium days, then three low days with extra cardio. So there's not there's like the first medium days, no cardio, the second medium days regular cardio. And then the next three days are low carbs with extra cardio pretty much. And that it's working. We're able to shred off a little bit more fat in the last couple of weeks. And so you got to be adaptive, but there's no there's been no cheat meals in the last 22 weeks of prep, not a single one. But do you feel like when I think when I was in when I was in LA, we were at universal studios and I had a bag of chicken in my pocket. And so I went up to the I try to go to a taco stand is like, can I just buy tortillas and they wouldn't sell me tortillas. So they wouldn't do it. I'll give you a $50 for 4 tortillas. They're like, we'll lose our jobs. I'm like, what's there's no one here. I'll give you both 50 bucks. Give me 4 tortillas. They wouldn't do it. Let me explain. And then the woman I was with said, just order them meat on the side. So I got the the tacos the carnitas with the meat on the side. And so then I could take the taco the chicken I brought and put it in the taco shell. But they'd of course put oil all over the tacos. Well, I said, yeah, I had to look at this. And it's like, the thing just had to fuck me the passive aggressive. And it's like, that's and you're you doing here. Yeah, that's pretty much it. It's like that. And then there is chips that came with it and the chips were there. So I ended up in those because I was putting the chicken on the chips as like nachos. So I could scoop it up with the salsa. Yeah, yeah. So it's like I might have gotten like 10 grams of more fat than I was supposed to that meal. Because the oil on the tortillas and the oil on the chips is probably 24 grams of fat rather than 10 or 12. That was the closest I came to cheating and that however many weeks it's been 22. And that's thing like we said before the consistency of you not abusing it. That wouldn't have made it into your progress. That'll we're on our feet all day at the universal studio. Like I was walking around in the Harry Potter world for like hours. Yeah, you right. So you right Universal. We were when we were in LA that was my thing was I wanted to go to the Harry Potter world and it was awesome. Because that's that's where I'm thinking to when I got to LA next we're going to do it on us. That's the one place when we got to the university's where it's at. I would go early as fuck. I thought I'd be I thought I was smart came in. I thought I was being smart came there a half an hour early before they opened. No still spent 40 minutes in life. I got to get to like an hour before they opened. Yeah, right. Yeah, look at him say a lot of it. I think as a whole mate like I never feel the need to cheat. I'm not clients. I know children need cheat. I was open all guys today. But enough before you and he's like a talent. And he was telling me about he's lost all he was shanked me all that you know a drink and blah blah. You know I want to try and cut this that or whatever. You know I said mate look. You're not going to cut the drinking. You're not going to cut the food. So the way I see things is that. He's a he didn't look great. And I had to reason with the person say look. It's not about the most optimal plan right now. We need something consistent. So I'm not going to tell you when the deep and until you what I do because you're just not going to follow it. So I said to him I said look you are ordering your meals. That's great. This we have some consistency there. You're stacking later on the day. Well, I find it's easier to look forwards for a higher amount of food towards the end of the day. So potentially starbe yourself the whole day fast whatever people want to call it. Fast for most of the day. And then these meals that you're forcing yourself to eat through the day. Let's have them at the end of the day. But where we know now that's going to fill you up and stop you from stacking later. Grinch your end of the fridge and eating this later in the hot water is because it's hardly go to better hungry. Then what it is that it have a coffee throughout the day and push your work. He said he's struggling to eat anyway at work. So I said sleep. If you're struggling to eat. And that way that calories that you're trying to start putting in just how that the end of the day. But then what's going to happen is that over time you'll drop for our fuel is really quick or tanky. Let's go to favorites moves. That's about what happened is that you'll see that. And you're shit. I feel good about this. I'm going to try another bit harder today. Then you come back as I say I'm hungry lunch time now. I'm feeling good. I'm feeling good. I'm going to put this at some extra steps in our meals. But I'd breakfast it. Now, eventually over time these small little additives. You know, look back and drink my time. Needless I shit. I can't believe I was doing that. When they are having four meals a day, training five days a week. I'm doing steps after meals. And I don't even feel like to drink anymore because. I mean, I like to drink. I like to do it all. But I never do it because it's like, what do I enjoy more? I enjoy this more. I enjoy looking good more. I like feeling better the day of the day after. You know, so. Add in these small stints in over time and building that consistency will build you to the most optimal plan. Where that's where everyone else can. I guess throw it off my opinion. I try and jump into too quickly instead of just understanding that. The most consistent plan will be the best plan. Yeah. I struggle with dealing with people who have low discipline. I did it's hard for me to respect someone who can't follow directions. But I will say that in the beginning, like real beginning, before I was a bodybuilder, I would started by just putting protein powder in my coffee. Before I went to the hospital to do surgery for the day. And I would. And then that would just be like. Extremely distrustful for my intestines. So I eventually figured out that the cut the coffee out have the protein shake in a caffeine pill or something like that. And then that would help and then I would have chicken breasts. I would put in the Ziploc baggies and stick them in my underwear. So that in between cases. A surgical case is I could go to the bathroom and I would just stand on the toilet. And then I would eat out of the bag. I don't know where my scrubs is. The only way I could smuggle food into the hospital. Fuck it. That's because that's what you smell. I love it. We talked about. Meals of importance. Preparation, discipline, menu items. We talked about. Being adaptable and creative and wise enough to make. Judgment calls when you have no other choice. We talked about things like that. What we didn't you talked about the amount of protein you use, which is four grams per kilogram, which is about two grams per pound for Americans. We didn't really talk about amounts of carbs or fat. In my experience, you use as much carbs in this little fat as you can without ruining your insulin sensitivity. And the point of using fat in these cases is you've already maxed out on the amount of carbs you can get away with without having to blast insulin. And that rather than turning to insulin, you just start using oil. Like, easily they just boil like olive oil or macadamia or oil or more protein to get in more calories. Correct. Exactly that. Yeah, I think that is well because. Alan, that's a John because I can always talk to a right. People hire massive carbohydrates. I can I could go to 1500 easy. But how much carbohydrates you really need as well? You know, you know, carbohydrates are fantastic, but. Half body really needs a push carbohydrates to get their benefit. So now only really I don't think I go above having gone above eight shifting. This is the highest of B. But anyway, anyway from that 60 to 70 50. I think so I grew to math myself obviously with the hardness of protein. And then start basing the denseness of cured cure fats. And it's to me as well. Again, like a lot of that many carbohydrates. It's a lot of all you too. So I think just understanding that you know, it's on your kind of pig ratios and look. Clarke cars might work well for you and that regard. But yeah, I don't think I can see myself going about a thousand again. I just I just don't think there's going to be much use to that. One of my tricks would be you got a certain amount of chicken rice. You can't handle anymore even though you're using Jasmine rice, right? And you're putting a little bit of peas and carrots in there for vitamins and for fiber and digestion. But you need more calories. Here's two hacks. You can have a protein shake after the meal to get in more protein. Because you know, just because four grams for kilogram might be the maximum beneficial. There's no it's going to be less damaging to insulin sensitivity to have extra protein and a liquid form that it would be to put sugar on the meal. Correct. And then the next step would be mixing. You can have rice cakes with almond butter to get in fat and carbs. You could put honey or jam on the rice cakes. You could put raisins on the rice cakes or crazy, but crazy, so you're made with real with table sugar. We don't want to pat. But if you're having a dessert post meal, that's a protein shake with almond butter and rice cakes. And you put cinnamon on those rice cakes. You will absorb. You will keep eating even though you were full and because of the cinnamon, it'll prime your body to absorb all of the food faster. Yeah. So in the your case, you would pineapple and dates in the rice perhaps with the chicken and that would be a delicious meal. And then if you needed more calories, I would say, you know, can have some almond butter on rice cakes. And that'll just drive it up. Chris is see, though, told, I think Jay Cutler do peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. And then personally, I think almond butter is better than peanut butter for a number of reasons. And in less than a hour, no bread. We're not going to digest the bread that well, although if you use the cinnamon raise in the Zikael bread with almond butter, that's also a great option. I just think the rice cakes are easier. Big fan of sour. Yeah. That was one of the ones I found actually with cards. I think it's good for kids to be able to do because people say, oh, but. Those foods might have some sugar in them, whatever you know, you know, might be from fruits, natural sugars, whatever might be. But I do believe as well, once you're eating such a high-match approach, you. Clean come hydrates, you know. The whole blood sugar spiking everything I've got from sugars is kind of. I don't know how to handle my opinion. I really don't think it's kind of plausible. Hence why. Why I'm actually not, I usually really against protein shakes and all. Junga. Banyas are recent. I'm actually a fan of them. If you're having them besides. Besides, in addition with. Half a minutes. So, right. You. I believe for that reason. Yeah, if you if you if you blend up in a shake, you know, and you're having. Oats and berries and honey, whatever it is, and you have it as a shake or something like a cleaner rastonier, which are user-round training times. And then you're adding fruits, etc. With it, you know, I don't see. I never have problems anymore with. I just think because my crimes. But I just don't like. Way protein patterns. But any kind of protein patterns must still. On their own. I just never felt good having them on their own. I just, you know, I'm not a. I'm never digestible. But as soon as I've. I'm mixing my shag, so I'm having them as an additive to a meal. I think they're fantastic. I disagree with the movement to use dairy shakes that started by the dairy industry. And that the fact their way has a high-losing content. I don't really give a fuck. You could just use a beef protein. I mean, they're add and if you add beef protein shake. To the meal. There's enough loose in there. You don't need the loose in from way. The idea of having a loose in spike post workout. You could achieve that with EAA's intro workout. Correct. You know, the, the, the, you can avoid dairy. It's, I'm not suggesting anybody use fucking way protein. I'm saying beef protein, P protein, rice protein. There's a plenty of whole food protein options. Trunetrition makes beef protein as an option. That, uh, MRE light is on paper great, but they still put fucking dairy in it for texture, which is a nice thing to do. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, you're going that far out of your way to get a dairy free protein. And then you add milk for texture. It's like, fuck people that give a fuck about texture. This is bodybuilding. It's like, I feel like I'm Leonardo's. And I want to say this is Sparta and just kiddo. This is bodybuilding. Yeah. Fuckin' bit of death. It's like, we don't fucking care about texture in our shakes. And they're like, yeah, but they're trying to market the general consumer. Fuck the general consumer. Don't contaminate our sport with your pussy bullshit with your, the texture of the shake has to be milky. This is like drink your husband's com, like fuck you and your milky texture shakes. So with the, uh, I have a question for you actually. Collagen by spritzing. Is that, is that, is that attractive from beef? It's just beef tenants and herbs. Yeah. So basically, that's my question. You're using my brain. That's true. Well, it's identical. Yeah. Yeah. I was using my current remission. So when I was having, I was having collagen protein. And I was having beef beef beans. Rebiased egg in eggs. That was my elimination diet. And a lot of go, a lot of push back on that. Because people saying, I'm not collagen protein. And so I'm not polluting or whatever. And that was my argument. Well, I know it doesn't have as much as say, way, but I mean, I'm only in protein. And fats from from the meats themselves. I never saw it a detriment to because, yeah, you know, remember as well, when you're eating that many calories. When you're, when you're on a carnival diet, you're pushing probably five six grand. You're protein, particularly grand, you know. I can't leave so much steak. I love steak. But it's so much like that. That's where I just kind of came to my own head just to kind of say, okay, let's come to this conclusion. Let's just add some collagen protein. Just so I know I went up to my stomach and have that attitude to the meals. That's actually when I started learning about, okay, well, if that kind of feels alright, then I started, you know, adding in things like way or whatever way proteins down the line. But yeah, I never saw a problem with having collagen proteins. I don't have a problem with say vegan proteins either. I just think as I said, like, I think on that front, you just got to be adding, having the attitude to a meal. Right. That you, you're not, though, be like, oh, it's not a complete protein that's like sure it is. It's complete. It's just not sufficient. It doesn't have a sufficient amount of losing. But with, if you took P protein with rich and arginy and glutamine, and you mixed it with losing, home, you've got to, now you've got a very anabolic drink. So people are taking the dumbest approach, like, you've processed the fuck out of this food to make it a shake. Why is it so far, fetched to put loose in it to get the job. Yeah, yeah, good point. Yeah, exactly. It's just, so like, people like, why don't you make those proteins? Just like, there's no market. Like, there's the margins on protein powders, shit. It's not special in there. How much, and I'm like, and people are more interested in what things taste like, because they're little pussy bitches. They don't understand the science that they can't read a label and know that your shit's better than other people's shit. Do they, or you should love back in the day? You know, when you have like a pre-workout of something, you know, when I first started training, I bought my first pre-workout, it was, there was no exploit. Yeah, no, my first two. Well, nano vapor. Nanavator vapor. Nanavator. Yeah, so that was my first time to know it's like, and man, it depends what they're on. Yeah, they take so much shit. Like, it's almost like back then like, yeah, the chemicals in there, like, you know what's good, you know, at the bro, the bro, the bro, the bro, the bro, the, you know, when now people like, oh, I'm not having that taste like shit. I'm like, you and that fucking clue, like, I don't know if I've got the taste of it. It's like, let's go, you know. If anything, when they started tasting good, this was, you know, we three years into my body, good and Jenny still a bro back then. And if it's like, if something tastes like good like the amino acids or the pre-workess, I mean, like, oh, this must be, this must be good pre-worked because that kind of, I can't stick to chemicals. Yeah. Well, Lucy is that water soluble. So people used to pitch like, why isn't it dissolving? It's like, because Lucy is not water soluble. Well, my other products that have my other BCA products dissolve, like, because they're not pre-all. Yeah, it's right. They've been chemically altered. And then, although they're technically elucine, they're not going to buy, and they're not going to be used to generate muscle-proching synthesis, nor trigger the M-tour process. There's people are so dumb that it's a branch chain amino acids. So it doesn't have a polar tip. So it's not going to dissolve in water. It's going to be hydrophobic, not hydrophilic. I used to have a roast. I used to have roasted by my bro friends back in the day, because I always believed that essential amino acids over branch and amino acids. And then it was like a few years later where it all kind of came on down that branch chains were nowhere near as good as essential amino acids and all that. And it's like, yeah, I made sense of that for years. And I still use essential amino acids around training. I think I've never really had, as I said, I don't know how to shake some of their right anyway. So I always sort of made more sense like you said earlier, to get the full benefit of the essential amino acids during training times. And then the solace, everything else from Hall Foods. Right. And it's like, there's nothing wrong. I will have a beef shake on the drive home from the gym because I had plenty of EAAs in my battle made, which is my entry drink. And if like, will I eventually make a beef protein with losing? Yeah. Well, I eventually make a vegan protein with losing? Yeah. I've got next to 100 grams sitting around, and I'm not there. Any profit on it. Let's just make these products that no one's going to buy, so they can get rancid on the shelf. That's when I went into just a row of money away and make the best protein on earth because no one's going to want to pay for it because they can get cheap per protein that's way or something. Then I said, it's a nice and taste-pudge. Mm-hmm. It's my more important. It's cheap, and it tastes good. And that's more important than actually having it work. That's why as well, like when I say to people, I'm going to back in the day, this protein is amazing, whatever it is, whatever. We actually read the label on it. I've once been there. You know, I can like, oh, you know, it's a 24 grams of protein, but I'm like, yeah, but it's 55% protein, 55% protein. Like, yeah, but it's long cars. And like, what the fuck else do you think is in there? Yeah. And just not all protein's equal, protein's a collection of amino acids. You only, you don't, you need all of them, but you don't need them all in just a random ass ratio. You want most of those amino acids to be from Losing, you know what I mean? Maybe our gene, the other EIA's. It's so fucking hard. Even when you're producing products, and you order the product to have EIA's, the laboratories or manufacturers will, they're so confused that they think you mean BCAA's. And then you have to double check their work. I mean, like, no, no, no, this isn't supposed to be BCAA's, supposed to be EAA's. They're like, what's that? It's like, oh, shit. Ready to stop it, shawks. They're like, we could save you a dollar container. And you're like, how many times do I have to tell you this? I don't give a fuck if I turn a profit. This is just about making the best products in earth. I make money other ways. I don't need to make money on the supplements. I just need to break even and I will. Just, I want the best shit ever made. So I can honestly say my shit is the best shit on the planet. And if I'm, the owner is an honest to a fault person, and has no filtering of her treatable feelings. And I'm like, my shit is made to be the best shit. Fuck the margins. I don't care if I make a profit. People will believe it. And I'm like, I don't give a fuck if it tastes good. It does taste good because other people flavor it. But if it was up to me, it would taste like shit. Just so that pussy's can't drink it. I don't want to help you be pussy's. Like a people listen to rap music. They can't drink my shit. Only people listen to metal. That's on the front of the wall. It tastes disgusting. And you have to listen to metal while you lift. Otherwise, I'm not even allowed to use my brand. That's what I wanted to beat. I would just want someone to walk up and like just slap the drink out of their hands. It'd be like, you're too much of a pussy to drink this. The slap the drink. Yeah, you're going to put that on your lips. Your lips products are only, yeah, about how the lips is not for posties. Like when they get when they get a ball and you're going to check that's 25 by list. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They have to get a Spotify by option. If there is no suffocation or just a member or dying fetus on your playlist, you can't listen. You can't what a kind of drink. Valhalla abs. Treat. Treats. What else do you go pulling out? What about you, man? What else do you go to me today? You've lost some of the plenty of questions that I love it. Yeah, dude. So, um, what are your final thoughts? Like, because we've been on for almost an hour and a half now. If someone sat through this whole thing, what are the four most important things about nutrition? That anyone who wants to be a bodybuilder needs to know if they're just getting into the sport? Whole foods. As much as you can, don't get caught up with the whole calories of those calories out. Don't get too caught up with having to have five to six meals per day, because that's what Jacob had. If you're consistent plan only fits for four, working for one, make sure it's consistent. Don't worry about having six, seven, eight, nine, ten. It's solely depends on the person. Finally, number four, I would say, because I'm biased. Protein is protein is the king. I think you need to be in. I really don't believe from what I've seen with clients and myself that protein needs to be limited. I really feel over time that we're trying to eat less protein just from what I'm seeing as a whole. We're trying to get away with eating less and less and less amounts of protein, which I'm sure works to some extent. But on the other side, Todd is that when it comes to monkey C monkey do, I'd say the best bodybuilders with the late night in celly 2000s. Well, I'm a bit of a monkey C monkey do to have a guy as well, which is why we're in touch on this, but you said things like fast and cardio. That's very rare to talk about now. A lot of people talk about steps. I'm still a huge fan of fast and cardio. I'm still a huge fan of eating, copiates amounts of protein, especially if you're on the gas. I really do believe that even though it's protein amounts high, won't be any detriment to you. Even if you weren't to process it rather than just adding in sugars and bad source and fats just to get a calorie zip. That would be much hoped for if someone was watching this, they wanted to start out. I think that, okay, it's a basic top four, but especially like the last one, it's it's a top four that is really kind of getting phase out and almost random. It's a rebel to give people good, common sense information. Like eat whole foods, don't force feed yourself. Don't eat toxic waste just to get your calories over a threshold of force and scale to go up because that's fat. And the number of meals isn't as important as making sure that you're spacing your meals out. So you're eating at least every three or four hours. So you get, yeah, there's a refractory window. Once you trigger the emtores with a loosey spike, it takes like four hours to reset that emtore pathway. So you can really only get four animaolic meals in another day. So having more than four anima-mills is basically there to regulate your blood sugar, not to generate more muscle protein synthesis. Exactly, yes. I learned that was current, yeah, definitely. All right, but well, this has been a good episode. We got a thing about what we want to do for episode four. You must have had a few people in this comments coming to me back again. Oh, fuck it. People are, they love you. They're the most popular guys that I think I've ever had, man. All right, let's get around. It's just a refreshing conversation because it's not a bunch of gear talk that's irrelevant. You're more interested in what actually matters, which is real bodybuilding. So if people are watching it because you're popular and I think also, I think you're a fan, well, how should I say fan, I think you have a lot of younger fans. So we have the opportunity to really help younger people and get them out of the gen X mindset of throwing barbells around as heavy as you can. And eating drinking a million protein shakes and blasting grams of tests. You know, like, I think that we have the opportunity to help the next generation Gen Z not make the mistakes that the gen X stories do. Dude, just quickly, you know what's funny? Even like, you know, ask your own this next week because as a coach, I like to ask your questions, you know. And I just still fan myself asking questions to us, not to the extent we'll talk in the fall, but there was still was some things where I would ask him. And like, I'd ask him after I said, I'm like, I know the answer I'm going to get back. You know, things like, I should we introduce this or that or whatever. Obviously, my questions have been more calculated than, you know, just shooting from the hit. But even I can still recall there's still some things where that intention still kind of should suit because you're speaking to a gear expert. And then you speak to guys like yourself, you speak to guys like John, you know, and he's telling you the same stuff we're preaching now. You know, so when you go up the ranks of these guys, whether they be top pros, top coaching with John's base, and then he's top coach and top pro. The guys are there's no different sort of what we're talking about today. But I hope that's actually before other than the four months, I really hope that's the main message people get through. And so yeah, let's rock and roll next week. I'm all for it. Everybody, I'll actually let him have a great week. Lovely chatting to you as always. See you, buddy.

You're watching Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. All right, everyone. We got Sam Pierce again for part two. We're going to discuss training and nutrition of this IFBB Pro one the amateur Olympia. So I use back. What is I would assume what you do now is different from what you did before. So why don't you contrast for us what the training was like would put the muscle on versus what you're doing now and if you think it's I mean I would assume if you're doing something different now you it's because you think it works better. That's a good question man and I think that just comes with aging and maturing right man. I was always strong. I've always coached power with the strong men things like that. Not necessarily programming wise but I've always respect to me because you know when I was training the gym and putting up a social meeting you your barbell squatting six plates for eight reps. My best of that of deadlifted seven plates four reps bench pressing four plates will six to eight reps things like that. You know you're doing all these crazy numbers in the gym and over time you're injured for more of the year than what you are training right even though I was you know inclined pressing I'm trying to work it in pounds with 70 kilos so I'm inclined pressing you know the what 160 170 pound dumbbells reps but then you get Australian your pack and you kind of train it that's one of my fuel my packs a week because there's been behind this whole time because I had strong shoulders strong trussets right so you know people say the foundation of the muscle came out because obviously we're training heavy we're training free weight based newman like you know I used to watch for any common pre-workout I'm sure you used to as well but at the end of the day man if I was training like I am now considering I'm probably double the size of water's back then would have greater effects it's kind of a total of questions right I think the other thing too is that you kind of need to have that mungle right you need to have that initial stage of training hard heavy and kind of careless in your 20s where my form was always good but learning how to actually put the load onto the muscle was a big factor for me and this is where you know you know you kind of you know you got asked if those questions because you don't have that mungle in you you're not going to train as hard as what you are training now you have to learn how to have that kind of mungle that aggression that I can do that kind of careless factor and then put all that into and compartmentalise it into your action training where you are mungle but you're now actually using that to progressively train the right way does that make sense? So back then you know just the typical broce split you know you're just training you know you're doing lots of all you're training hard you know just doing what you're going to do until the session's kind of done and you're walking out spent but I wouldn't say the muscle was spent so age catches up with your man you know like late 20s started to carry those you know minor pectures and things like that and I just kind of got sick of it I had to come back and just train properly and that really just comes down and drop in the ego I tell you one dude who I really really look at for training now I think he trains the best out of anyone on the pro circuit is Nick Walker okay because you watch his old videos man he's strong as it knocks you know then you watch and train in the efficiency we have he trains people say oh yeah you know he trains light or whatever it is like no you can see they're connected they keep the mind loss of connections to what he's actually hitting and looking to progress the overload that way that's the biggest factor make I find the whole progressive overload thing which I got caught up with you're trying to progress every week on numbers you're trying to progress every week on load where progressions still comes in the fact where you're sitting there and going you know can you do a better set the following week you know can you get more because that's still strength maybe hitting something per say 12 reps and you're going to pay me but that 11 12 was just a bit off like do you really have to go up or would you look to get that's what we're getting the following week and do it just better I still think that's progressive overload if my 12th rep is not as good as my first rep then I'll put 11 plus one yeah so I got 11 reps and I failed on the 12th rep because if it isn't perfect you failed correct correct and that's that's the biggest problem I had coming up as a young guy so people think obviously I put stuff out for rage mate on my social media but people get so caught up with me saying you know don't get past you know you know don't train to five reps or six reps and they come back and say oh you know the final five reps for full failure that's the biggest part it's like yeah look it is the biggest part right but you guys miss the point of what I'm trying to say here you know we're talking about five quality reps before you fail what did they look like you know those five shitty reps that you're doing or like a lot of the time for myself like if I had a program it'd be probably when I first started and I have a with a lot of clients is that you put say 10 reps on a program and they stop at 10 where it's like yeah you stop at 10 well you probably could have kept going you know just because about aiming for a number I find that when I come back and people show them their love books or their show you know what I have in their apps and they're getting these like kind of equal numbers you know so if you say three sets of 10 and they're getting 10 10 10 10 10 and they're getting a four shit you know you're doing you're doing you're doing two sets of eight eight eight eight to me it's like I find if you're gonna fail perfectly for all those reps and all those sets it's kind of like winning the lottery right it's so hard to for me even now if I was to pick a workout and pick the number so I could actually fail on those reps for all those sets given I think I think it's more like impossible to do it's like it's like kind of yeah it's it's a lack of the draw because really if I hit something really good in my first exercise that actually might contradicts my next exercise and and for TV other it as well right so this is where people kind of get caught up on the whole numbers thing and they forget to apply common sense to that aspect I mean I'm not never how should I put this I'm always disappointed with people's intelligence and judgment so I don't know what I look at these people's logbook if they're even smart enough to fill out a logbook they usually either train like assholes or they train like posses it's like three sets of 12 so they it's a deadlift so they gotta do four reps to failure and they hurt themselves it's training like an asshole you're 50 years old you don't have any chance of ever doing powerlifting why the fuck are you doing Russian deadlifts for four reps when you're supposed to be doing Romanian in the for 12 and it's like okay well I have to take deadlifts off your program because you're not mature enough to have deadlifts on your program and then it's like or you see this with women and some men well it'd be like four sets of 15 15 15 15 15 15 and it's like week after week after week yes like they're they have they're always getting all the reps and you're like dude what the fuck like if you're failing how are you failing exactly on 15 the third set on every exercise every week yes and they're like I don't know I just do and it's like okay no you don't you're not failing or you're doing extra you're doing beyond failure sets you're doing rest-pods or you're doing partials to try to squeeze up to 15 and the way you know the differences if they're never sore and they're not hurt that means that they're nowhere close to failure if they've got if they've got this massive tenonitis they haven't told you about until the point where they can't hold a pencil and it's like okay so you've been building up this tenonitis for six months and you never told me you've been having tenonitis and now you have to stop doing upper body for six months for the tenonitis to go on here yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I've been yeah it's like I'm just laughing because that was me when I was younger as well you know we have to all laugh or I we they're stupid shit we don't know younger but it's a sad thing man it's like I wouldn't get to your old man I wouldn't get angry at someone if they came to me and I know I say I do know they're trying hard and they feel disappointed themselves they'll say to be oh look man I'm you know I did a set of leg the second set of leg press you know he's a third tenon the first mine I I gasped out of eight on the second and honestly I just I couldn't hit the third I'm sorry for being a pussy I'm like were you really being a pussy or was that actually kind of seeing that going that's that's quite smart because you know when you kind of dipping out and failing to that point especially in something like a late press or a squatting pattern or a delifty pattern I say or my say will do that's actually a good thing for me because one the the risk of the rest of the reward of injury is not worth it that's the first thing but too it just says you're training hard like it to me like if someone knows how to train like hard okay which nine and I'm certain people don't then it's easy it's what's easy to scale them back and try to actually work with a pussy that's trying to you know you're trying to get them to push harder in the gym so you finally get that you go you're going to kind of mix it both you know but yeah this is the problem because the people that have that kind of sweet spot where they train so effective and well it's very rare they're going to kind of come in and say oh yeah okay that third said it's it's the people who are used to the train like an asshole they're just coming and say okay well you know I only got eight reps I spent the year twelve but I'll still go ahead of you anywhere it's like fucking what the head you know I hate that they get they're supposed to do like 15 to 20 in the leg press and they get 13 and instead of backing off the weight they either do the same weight or the ad way this look the fuck are you doing taught I'm going to stop you you're supposed to get stop you there this is good you just got me something what do you say to people then the fatigue demons because you just said 15 and 20 reps on a leg press and the big talk on Instagram at the moment is if you do anything over six you know it's class is cardio too much fatigue you know like you're the job so what's yeah what's going on here man you're doing it wrong you're programming with their children when they're 20 year old children and the their fucking six rep maxes seven is three plates on the leg press fuck yeah do six plates you're not going to hurt yourself you're a bitch but if you're doing a thousand pounds for 20 reps like and your feet hurt fuck your legs fuck your knees fuck your lower back your feet hurt your feet are separating over time your your feet are double E what width because you've been leg pressing for 20 years then we can't make it heavier you can only put more reps on it but once your one-year durability is exceeded by the load you have to do more reps and that's what I hate about these idiots is that they look at the pro bodybuilders and they're like oh he's doing too much volume he's doing too many reps it's like you're doing 15 reps on the leg curl because if you do 12 reps you're going to tear your knee apart we'll look on his ear. He's sheering force behind your knee over 170 pounds you have to just do 160 pounds for as many reps as you can see that's it man if that's not enough stimulus and two sets like two sets of age would do it but you need like four sets of 15 like then you do four sets of 15 but you can't go heavier. correct that's how it's all my quadrucian start with you. January and the problem is that even for myself you know I've got the video I post on mine and you know I show I show you I show you around the table because I had perfect form it was my second last set before my max you know so funny enough what was going from my head I did the first rep and I look I'll just I'll bag out of I'll bang out 10 and I'll go up next set you know and I'll actually just easing back into the program and first rep down second rep bang need full across my leg the lateral thermo quad tour grade two tear almost a grade three and yeah man like because he's a thing when I tell people I'm like oh yeah if I can still wasn't if my heavier set it wasn't going from my max loading you know I was trying to be conservative but dude there was there was still still six plates on the hat squat you know I mean like that's it's still what I'll wait to you know and even I forget that I'm like yeah look it was it was I'll still feel in good that day there was nothing wrong but at the end of the day six plates is still six plates you can't just you know even for myself that's probably what three of you know probably I'm not afraid that extra five percent that I should have or you know I can't remember what I'll see here that's why I'm not really does but then the questions you are actually still because I'm like yeah I probably still took six plates for a gradient you know what I mean so coming back into it now like I'm really coming into a place of my training which comes to the second part of your question how do I train now this is the best I train legs and the best my physique has ever been now and I'm only working up to a three plate hat squat I three plate three plate front squat you know just just working through movements that I really connect with and just making sure the movements I'm just practicing and getting better and better like Todd here's the thing right with training the word training if you were to go work in adults right you have a day of training you're going to train and and and learn what the systems are and things like that that's what people also forget what training of course we're trying to get there a kick out and you know and and go ball to the wall but we're training for something we need to have a purpose to train which to me is still learning the skill of making the movement better getting more out of the mood and you know and that that's the skill on its own man and it took me for that quad to earlier the year to realize that to have the appreciation one for training so it's like holy shit like literally one rev and other macarure is over my god grade you know I've just had this mad off season with John you know with killed the off season everything's great we just had a break over christian so I can give it to these but I wasn't even pissed off I just said oh great that's been my bodybuilding career I was lucky enough that the tear went up the ladder of the head actually made by a quad look better so I was happy with that but you know at that given time I just you know you just take that appreciation for training you say you know what like I realize now that even not I'd be on your head you said you can still get you know injured fucking badly and now the fact that there's old videos of me training that you know where I'm barbell squatting six plates asked to grass I'm coming up and I'm shaking like on the on the six you know I got my spot or there he's like oh another one and you just like I'm and you're already used to thinking my head man I used to thinking my head I still remember this said it was my PB of barbell squats it was New Year's Day 2000 and 19 I was getting ready for my second Arnold's pro share in Australia and I still remember it was New Year's New Year's morning six A.M. or training legs and the six rep I came up and Shats and Michael Lucia if he's watching us he was my training part of the song and he said to me he goes hit another one and I remember I said to myself you know what I said I said I'm gonna blow an air fuck it that's what I said man I said it in my head I didn't say that loud but I in my head I'm like I came up and that's when I got goosebumps talking about it and yeah and I'm coming up again and you know he's like he's like oh another one you know he trains fucking crazy and and at the same thing I thought of like if you blow out a meat fuck it just do what you do it you know and I managed to get it up and the cool story to tell and I get goosebumps because I'm like oh I missed those days but at the same time I cringe just as much. Sounds scary yeah the way I look at it is if the velocity is less on that wrap it's safer to rack it and do another set yeah in a few minutes that it is to just squeeze out one or two reps because unless you use your numbers six plates your 300 pounds so that's 840 pounds plus the sled so that's like a thousand pounds at a 45 degree angle the coast I know 45 is 0.5 so it's about 500 pounds of work. Put them so you do 500 pounds of work for 10 reps you could rack it or you could squeeze out two potentially more reps but if you squeeze out two more reps and get 12 reps with 500 pounds you're next set you'll get like six so that's 18 reps but if you did 10 reps with two in the tank you could come back and do 10 more reps and you'd be one in the tank and then if five minutes later do another set and be 10 reps on failure so you could get 30 reps or you could get 18 reps with the same 500 pounds and well well look there's no logic to doing it the macho way looks more it's better to do it the discipline way it's better for Instagram but yeah as if it's actually building cause everything in my body knows to watch the size of water was back then even in those videos I'm telling you about right um it's the riskless reward right but here's the other thing too you like this is where I say I don't regret those days I was lucky I'm so lucky I got out of there not injured um those days are very certain like that um but those days are so they taught me how to train hard because learning how to train hard in that way I'm still thankful for it because now they have maturity behind me I do actually know what two reps and reserve is because there's a lot of guys as well that preach on the other side and they say you know reps and reserve all day long but it's like that how do you know what your reps and reserve are if you've never kind of pushed to that failing point as well right so I'm not telling anyone who's watching this video to your faces what I did because like trust me I cringe talking about it right these are more horror stories but yeah I think as I said we're gonna have that kind of um that makes the both you know if you're young you know you're over us whatever you know I still think starting off when you're young learning the basic compounds and learning free weights and things like that first so you can understand your stability control and you know what the weight feels like and pushing those reps whatever it is again disclaimer I'm not telling anyone to do how I train but yeah just you know as I said learning to kind of go to that point of failure safely and then then you're able to utilize these much better movements you know and Todd think about it too right just going back on those horror stories where you used to train you know crazy and suited back in the day um even on a marble squad right even if I did stop at that six wrap that I'll tell you about before I got those two you know that just went out worth it and even for those six pressure four it would have just been better to do a hacks for them would have been dual marble squad because you would have a far more stimulus through the quads you know when I was doing all those heavy movements that's because I'm I'm a rectid dominant and and glutes dominant you know so really those movements that are really carried by all this deadlifting movements and everything that they're without carried by those those muscles therefore I was actually weaker through the quads even though I could squat a truck right when I found it was I used to be able to Smith squad 500 pounds for like eight wraps four play five play three reps yeah and I could leg extension maybe a hundred pounds single leg for 20 reps and I could leg curl on a particular machine 140 for 12 reps all right or another one I could leg curl like a hundred and thirty pounds for like 12 reps and now I can leg extension 140 for 20 reps one leg I can leg curl 170 for 12 reps but when I tried to do a Smith quad for the first time in two years I could I was struggling with two plates and then within minutes of doing the Smith quads my glutes were sore I didn't feel shit in my quads so and that was my second time doing legs that day so what I figured was my goal which was to avoid actually loaded pressing through the heels worked and that my glutes got smaller my adductors are actually a little smaller my quads are the same size are even bigger now my hamsters are definitely bigger now so my legs look better from the side they look worse from the front in the sense that they look less big but they have a better shape to them yeah okay now as I progress in the strength I think that my legs are going to get even better in shape but I'll never get those glutes back and I'll never have big adductors and that's fine because I all the adduction machine in the world is not going to make up then build your adductors as much as like four or five hundred pounds squat yeah yeah yeah but if I can bring my waist in one inch just one inch that's going to bring my shoulder make my shoulders look two inches bigger my arms look in or two inches bigger how are you bringing your waist through well just not doing heavy shit no more hip hinges no more squatting of any sort so like I'll do hacksquots with my heels elevated and that's the most squatty thing I'll do about squat with my heels elevated leg press with the heels elevated everything's focused I'm getting as much heel elevations possible so it's as much quad as possible so then bringing the waist to sorry sorry keep going my most recent training video which the five week out just drop but the four week out one let's film three or four days ago that's probably one of my best leg training videos because I've incorporated the material I learned from Genekki and it took me a couple weeks to master or what I think is master to be a coefficient we'll say with some of the adjustments he made to my leg training but in that video I've been doing it long enough to where I think I'm demonstrating it enough or well enough to reconcie how much more efficient and effective that type of training is with these little adjustments like the pad behind the knee and the leg extension the pad under the knee and the leg curl line like your your feet up on a semi roller not a full full roller but a three inch diameter semi roller on the hacksquot and on the belt squat and I'm able to target my quads so much better and leg curl spiel line leg curl spiel so much better on the hamstrings now and although I'm not even using last weight so that was one concern is every time you pick a more disadvantaged way of training a muscle you're using even last weight so in the back of your mind you're always worried like is it really about load and torque on the muscle or is there something you said just for mass of load and in this case my loads didn't really go down it's just that there's more torque on the target muscle and even less amount of glutes involved yeah so they're moving into say like waist control things like that no you know free weight work obviously he's injured all that kind of stuff what's your view then coming starting that in with abs training vacuum training wearing a bell white's training those even food tops what's your what's your opinion on that all that matters prioritization it's target one would be making sure you have no gas no indigestion and then if you're using a glp one agonist you don't want to have enough that you have gastropereesis that's number one digestive enzymes probiotics all that's okay so don't make the problem worse so an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure and then so not doing axly loaded shit and not causing gas or abdominal distension would be priorities one and two priority three would be vacuum training directly training the transversive dominance and then four would be doing it rectus abdominal is training that uses the transversive dominance such as an ab roller or in theory planks those are the things that I saw the greatest improvement in my waist control is planks ab rollers vacuums and having no gas no indigestion yeah how do you because I agree exactly on that I'm just asking you questions that coming my head that I get all the time because I I notice that myself you know if I go and have a treat meal or whatever it is just the next day alone you know in the morning I just feel it you know like oh you know it's just there because even just foreign foods make like even it doesn't even have to be I don't really eat dirty when I have a treat meal anyway but just foreign foods you're not sticking to within your routine I find can can have play havoc on that right but yeah we can we can both agree on that now what were was going to with that I just lost my chance for a movie trailer jacket when you eat out you're gonna get restaurants that all of they should be using olive oil because they're Mediterranean restaurants they're still using poly hydrogenated vegetable oil and other things that are not digestible so I don't like eating out if I do eat out I eat sushi because if I just so quickly if I want a cheap meal I can cook for and then I can make it better and better macros and I can fine tune it so that I digest it well and to facilitate the digestion you can always take digestive enzymes with your food yeah so what about wearing like a like a bracing belt or um okay I'm the white strand of when you when you're training a gym I think the the reason why I lost my my lower is because whereas for years like 10 years I didn't wear a belt when I trained my lats because I would lose my muscle connection with them I started to and I lost my lats my lower lats just ceased to exist and so Dominic who's my coach suggests that took the belt off when I trained back and I'm getting better my muscle connection with my lower lats there's sword of peaking out now when I do poses I wear the belt on all other body parts very interesting and that way I'm subconsciously if I was to real and I feel uncomfortable not wearing it because I don't feel like my abs are always in a kind of constant state of tightness like it doesn't need to be as tight as possible but it because then that you've got that spilling over the top of the belt but I put it around my navel and I try to keep my abs tight like I'm in a mini vacuum all the time there it is when I wear that belt there it is that's it that's what I was looking for so when I was younger and trained here used to wear a belt because you see all the battle for the limpia divides all the boys wearing it and when I was training in in the gym in some of it was sick because you can do it so tight but yeah like it's like you don't because people say I was at a GH got us like no it's just so tight over the top like your stomach has to go somewhere right we're now in these days I kind of sit there and I use it as like a reminder for myself that when I have it on even if you have your enemy but you can still spill out right so just remind you just keep it tight locked and brace the whole time because when you're in those deep states and breathing especially like between sets that's where you get that bad shot but someone takes you I throw it all the one stays and you breathe it out you know so I think off-season especially in the off-season because pre-sins a bit easier because you're coming down anyway but especially the off-season I think it's so important for all these protocols for you know you're abtraining you know probably dodging foods and then obviously using abrasion some sort to just help you to remind yourself to keep yourself bulk rates through the abdominal region and also between sets as well. What I found was for years they did a waste trainer and if I would wear the belt over the waste trainer to distribute the force evenly through the metal rods so that the belt didn't squeeze a small surface area it ended up distributing a force over larger surface area one thing that does not work is lifting with the waste trainer on because when you go to brace it just destroys the rice trainer so if you're going to use a waste trainer it should be as a tool to enhance the belt but you don't need it the belt is what you need to be able to keep your waste tight and that if you do brace against the belt at least you're bracing against the belt your which circumference of your waist is not expand. It's refreshing to hear someone actually talking about you know the fundamentals of body doing yeah because it really sounds like with yourself because I don't think speak for myself really training now to the fact and bring up the body parts needed you know because we get so I just get so caught up on all you have to do be heavy based lots of dead lives or whatever it is but it's learning how to kind of channel all that force into the right area like for example someone say how can you wear a back brace or you know a weight belt for training but you don't wear it for back but when you wear it for back where it's like well know as you said your everything is I would assume probably assisted now just supported or some sort where you can really target and isolate those areas but again you have to know how to train hard and effective to make it to work regardless because that's where people get so confused on hobby have to barbell row and you have to do this it's like well if you're still training like shit you're still trying like a pussy a barbell row is fucking just as useless as what a just support a TV I would be right I mean I did have a huge back when I did bent rows because I was up to 400 pounds but I only felt my lower back I almost never felt my lats and if I did feel my lats it was my upper lats and it's like if you were if I was going to do a bent row here this is a really complicated concept but a bent row is a poor man seated cable row and let me explain why okay so we have gravity acting on the bar right so let's say the bar is 200 pounds now you're bent over so gravity is acting on your upper body so now your lower back is doing the load of your upper body weight which is 60% of your total body weight and the barbell okay so if you're 300 pounds that means that you're and you're bent rowing 200 pounds you're basically your lower back's taking the load of 380 pounds but your upper back is only getting the load of 200 pounds so your lower back is going to fail before your upper back even your lats now if you were to sit down and sit upright now your lower back is taking no additional load there's 200 pounds on the cable so your upper back is going to be rowing 200 pounds and your lower back is going to be asymmetrically supporting that same 200 pounds so your lower back has no reason to fail before your upper back in less it's weak especially in no circumstance yeah if you have a belt on because when you have that belt on and then you go to bend over for the barbell row you're going to completely forget about racing the abdominal region as well because you're just trying to survive right you're not going to think oh yeah I've got to do this and it's cute you're just trying to not break your back that's your main priority so now all that excess force coming over the belt where when you go into a set of cable road now you actually remember you remind us of that if I'm going to pull this back as we know the further back we get our elbows you know we got to have a deep contraction given on the power show I work about back but just saying we're trying to work maybe so out of back when you're pulling through if you're not racing your abs and the bar is going to hit the top of your abs because it's sitting over the top rod so you actually have to have a brace properly so you can get a further range of motion as well so this is another beautiful thing about the seated cable row by using the seated cable row you can use different handles so you can properly target the lads where you cannot do that with a barbell you can target your rambulite you can target your rear delts you can target your upper traps you can target anything with the seated cable row you can't do shit with a bento with a barbell row now people say well you can use a lot more weight if you were to properly stretch out all the way you would not be bent rowing 400 pounds you'd maybe bet if you were to stand on a box and stretch it all the way and try to touch the floor where barbell's beyond your feet you'd be bent rowing half or a quarter as much as you could if you're doing a durian row so the seated cable row with that big flex the way Arnold does his pumping iron is what Mike is retail calls a flexion row and I find that if you do a flexion row where you're like this and that and you're really getting the full articulation of your back from your hips all the way up to the back of your skull you're contracting every muscle in your upper back that is a great finisher the seated cable row for a back workout because it's going to be all the lower back you need it's going to finish off your lats and it's going to incorporate your rhomboids and upper traps and this is of course a non-shroth supported row but if what look here's a good model is a vertical row I'm going to vertical pull down the single arm to target the lower lat right then a vertical row bilateral to hit your upper lats a little bit of rhomboids, weird downs then some type of chess supported row to work your upper back with the maximum on a low possible then you've finished with the seated cable row so that your upper back should ready pre-feteed so your lower back won't be the failing force but your lower back still will get work if you do a really really deep stretch you'll get a hamstring stretch a glute stretch a lower back stretch and then you're going to try to contract your scapula first drive your hands and elbows down to it gauge your lats and then stick your chest up as high as it'll go so your rhomboids finish the motion and the bar should end somewhere about sternum level maybe lower sternum level you got pretty much the same back work it as many down here and I don't do that every day because I mean if I'm doing back three times a week it's gonna be slightly different and it's time otherwise you're gonna get stale really quick you're gonna have over use tenonitis and one joint like right now I've got some tenonitis right here and so I have to change to which teams up a lot so that I don't because I've been doing the same exercises too much but then it it sounds like you're a big fan of frequency then yeah I'm doing I was doing upper lower upper lower upper lower off but I got better results with upper lower off upper lower off which is what summer felt and Terran stood so to this home stretch because I kind of have my schedule locked into a seven day week I'm gonna go upper lower off upper lower upper okay since lats as the biggest priority then arms then quads legs because I feel like my legs are a lot smaller this year than they were last year on stage but they also are a lot leaner but in my head when I was doing every 48-hour leg training they were recovered fine four sets of quads four sets of hamstrings three sets of hamstrings every 48 hours recovered fine once I trained with jenekian started learning his techniques then when I came back at 72 hours I needed a recover so I can get so I'm only gonna be able to train legs twice a week now if I can handle four and four I'll go to five and five if I can handle five and five I'll go to six and six yeah by the time I'm up to six and six two times six is the same as three times four you know and at that point maybe I could roll it back to three times four and go add back in the third leg day but by that point I mean that's already gonna put me past the first show yeah I figure it's gonna be the period between the three shows is a no man's land you're just basically you're gonna get workouts in when you can and you're gonna perform as best you can and probably the volume's gonna be very low and you're gonna be all right so cardio right because I'm gonna drive down to florida then I'm gonna drive to Texas then I'm gonna compete in Texas drive back to Florida competing florida drive up to Arkansas and then drive up to back to Detroit to start prep for the February trip bro yeah I definitely think I'm with you I think the frequency matter is a major thing now you know being sore for four or five days or sore for the whole week picking that that was like a killer workout to me just makes no sense you know it's like you try training to get sore over time where you know you need to be affected with the new training and then try and train it again as quick as possible I think I think that's always the best way to go about things I find that yeah in the past yeah you know hitting that once a week whatever it is like you know the typical bro split I think those days are kind of kind of gone now to be honest and one thing I'll always preach not just myself but for everyone else you know like if you got a body part you want to bring it up yeah hit it hit it multiple times a week that don't be getting 20 sets in a work yeah then trying to expect you to get a training to boss up again it's 20 sets too. I was late because it's just not gonna happen yeah I was worked but I was doing eight sets of back three times a week I was fine when I went up to nine sets of back three times a week it kind of shipped a bed so I like six sets of lats two sets of upper back three times a week people like that's how I'm gonna fall for back it it six sets up a batch you do you do six sets up a bag you know like it's a little bit different when you put it in perspective so if you're doing a vertical unilateral vertical bilateral horizontal horizontal horizontal upper back focused that's six lats and two upper back then I have chest then I've got delts and then I throw in an extra by something so I'm the chest I'll do two sets of fly from one set of two sets like this so it's mostly chest and then two sets and close so it's more triceps so I'm technically getting two sets of triceps yeah yeah yeah on the upper day so that's six sets a week of triceps and at the end I'm gonna throw in a little bit of a bazen curls on upper so I get three sets of biceps because I dropped one of my arm days and then on my arms legs I do six sets of triceps and then I do the legs so I'll be getting a total of six six on the arm days 12 sets of biceps and triceps and then on the upper body days I'm gonna be getting three and two so I'm gonna be getting 18 sets of triceps and I'm gonna be getting 21 sets of biceps so basically I'm hitting arm five times a week that's why with so then by the chance of things as well you would have to prioritize obviously some areas and because again you're your training styles very similar to what what I preach right so I would look at something like that and I would say well something's gonna give for I don't know I just gonna be the gym all day and you're trying to battle for tea so how would someone like you work shoulders there so what I do is because shoulders with my bass body part they're at the end of the upper body workout so I'd three sets of lateral machine I do the lateral machine but I do it unilaterally because it allows me I don't like doing bilateral stuff usually because I can isolate the each individual heads different if you try to work both middle doubts at the same time I get a lot of traps if I try to work one middle doubt at a time but you find that with actually all small muscle groups like say biceps trusset and shoulders you get a better connection hitting them unilaterally anyway because by the sounds of it obviously I find with biceps for example when you're hitting them biolaterally I find when you're fatigued towards a session as well you know you can get it into your delcumming in what you just mentioned then I find you know what you're hitting biolateral side raises or all you know hitting something in posterior posterior delcumming a lot of traps you take over and a lot of people kind of understand that you know that's why I say I think it's it's not going to cause anyone here is much fatigue and you're going to get a far better connection especially later on the work you have made well when you're later on the work you're tired you've done your you're being heavy lifts top thing I think to have that kind of focus is just to come in and take some between the side as well and really sharpen up on hitting and your intention for what you need out of those single arm movements yeah I mean I've always prefer to try a substitute lateral in less it's a press and almost always my presses are a blend of upper chest and yeah yeah yeah I never isolate my chest on a press if I want to isolate my chest I'll use a fly yeah all right because my biggest weakness is would be lower lats try-seps quad sweep those would be a b and c so I basically I start my upper body days with lats and then I start my other arms and leg days with triceps because those are priorities one and two and then I on the legs I used to do hamstrings add doctors quads that was a disservice to my quads now what I'm going to do is hamstrings quads hamstrings quads add doctors calves it works much better I'm getting way better yeah this way and it's not like pumps are relevant when you're 180 pounds on a hundred carbs or 150 carbs a day like fuck pumps like that ain't happened and so yeah there's no reason to do all of the muscle in a row it makes more sense to break it up like tricep bicep tricep bicep hamstrings quad hamstrings quad and then with with back versus chest my chest one of my best body parts my lats are terrible it's six sets of lats two sets of upper back two sets of three sets of rear delts then two sets of fly two sets of wide press two sets of narrow press then three sets of middle delts that I'll finish off with a little bit of bicep work just to get extra volume for bicep since my biceps don't get sore but see this is where I say as well the reason I think you do that correct me if I'm wrong but this is why I do the same thing is here is because when you hit say you have the quad ham or the or the bicep tricep and you're keeping the blood in the area anyway you know even if you're in the offseason like bed the blood suit in the area you're not going to lose the pump out of it right it's just giving yourself that little bit of extra rest as well to connect back with the muscle that when people say I can be trained back all as one then and not chest and back because the way I program back would be you know say upper back lower lats upper back lower lats or lower lats lower lats lower that's upper back like you still giving yourself that kind of break in between as well with those muscle groups it's still keeping all the blood the same area so I found that when you're using say all hamstrings and doctors first as their weak muscle group for myself you want to go in and and blast the shit out of them but yeah it is a disservice to your quads and I'll also find as well when you are trying to train heavy through those squatting patterns and leg pressure patterns this stability is also a bit off like I find there's a kind of diminishing return where I think hamstring curls for example are a great way to warm up the knees but if you're coming in and blasts and hamstrings too you know they're falling off the baron top thing and then you try to squat and and do like I said the loft it is very hard to kind of connect and stabilize yourself to a point way I know what's trying to pre-futate the muscle to a certain extent then also going to far down the lawn to take away if we're actually trying to do which I still believe you need to train heavy to some extent and the reason I used to do add doctors before quads is I was dealing with so much weight that if I didn't warm up the add doctors I would risk tearing them or grabbing but now that I'm super isolating the quads and not using nearly as much weight I'm doing like three plates on the hacksquad not eight plates on the hacksquad so I don't need because I'm not using my glutes because I've got four inch heel elevation I've got six inches of heel elevation I got three in my shoes and then I've got a three semi roller so it's a six inch heel elevation or that's a massive so my knees are going way the fuck out away from the rest of my body and then I'm driving my hips forward with posterior pelvic tilt and I basically 60 squatting three plates on a hacksquad versus having my feet all the way at the front of the platform so that the shin is completely straight up and down there's the knee doesn't go any further than the ankle you know I mean and you're using all glutes it's like the difference between benching like this and benching like this yeah it's completely different this is all triceps this is all chest and shoulders so this is why it's even more biceps than this triceps and this is why what what I'm coming to I say this as well when you're dealing with say injuries and people say oh my knees this or whatever it's like yeah look I still think there there's an argument to be said that you just no on times at 10 you just have to go a lot of you have to go a lot slower on your eccentric loading and learning how to be comfortable in the stretch position you know because that's a scary place to be we want to get out actually I'm going to get in there and the blood's done cool up in the quads you're on that hacks hacksquad sushi squat we call for you right you know when you get any of that bottom position you're going to stop thinking about you know the a form of such a you know you just more like oh my quads are killing me you know I just want to get up to think that's how natural reaction is humans right so we have to learn to essentially be comfortable without uncomfortable and sit there you know so so coming down super slow as you said you know you used to be doing fire plates aside now you now you you're back up to three of you probably have to start off on one or two plates learning this new method and yeah the stimulus to feel the pain through the quads that you're receiving it's a place you certainly don't want to be right but at the same time we have to go to that place so far these guys are trying to come in with say they're five plate hacksquad like you're doing and trying to learn these new methods is saying oh my knees are killing me it's like yeah I could probably shock him about that they would be killing um you're going to have to just understand that although this is a hacksquad I wouldn't even call it a variation I would just call this completely different mm-hmm and um it's such a great feeling because if I drive my knees forward like this I can get a lot of lateral quad if I drive my knees out like this I get a lot of adductor and lateral quad if I do a here it's the most amount of lateral quad you can't do that fast you have to turn down so slow and then in the stretch position you have to kind of wiggle it around a little bit and be like oh right here yeah here that's where I feel the most middle-doubt most lateral quad I'm going to push my big toe down okay big toe down internal rotation of the femur and I'm going to posterior pelvic toe oh shit that's way more quad okay instead of pushing through the heels I'm an a leg extension and you leg extension out and you're you're it looks like you're doing the press because it's a hacksquad but you do a leg extension from a maximally stretched posterior pelvic tilt position and you're trying to keep it off of your pateler tendon off of your quadricept tendon and onto just your lateral quad you're not going to be able to use plates with that level precision because the the idea is well of you know my knees early wanted to it's like sometimes I'm doing sets now and let's just use a single leg leg press for example right you know because it's happening on today and I was doing the movement and as I was coming down I just dropped the hook with my knee yeah my god yeah you know fix it up glitching my knee again and I'm like it wasn't enough to stop it was more for me I'm maturing up that I understand you know the glitches because the precision isn't there right I had to now okay slower right down right slower right fucking down and start understanding what we're trying to do from top to bottom you know because that's the other thing too when people get to the bottom of the movement this is a common thing that happens when I tell people to pause in the stretch position as they say and I'll get comfortable stretch position oh but my low back enough to take over well when you get to the bottom it doesn't mean you relax that's the time when you're focusing the most on say the quad or the chest or whatever it is to make sure it is fully under tension to say those areas from taking over that's why when I always look at knee pain back pain hit pain whatever it is to me it's a build up of something you're not doing because those areas are only gonna take over if the biggest storm of muscles are doing the work to protect it copper mobility before you train and proper warm upsets that if you're feeling knee pain on your first set but not your second set and it's the same load it's because you didn't warm up enough for the first set because your first set was both the warm upset and it works so like a lot of times I'll go in there I won't stretch my try set about at all I'll do my first set try set my elbows I'm fire then I stretch it after that first set then I second set I don't feel tricep at all I don't feel elbow at all I feel just tricep so your fan of stretch is low well yeah I'm 46 years old I don't stretch I snap but I'm a huge kind of stressful yeah the whole point is to get blood in that tissue and to contract the target muscle of people like oh but you deactivate and when you stretch you like calcium ions out of the sarco mirror and it prevents you from activating the two expivers it's like well do I want to activate the two expivers and hurt myself or do I want to properly stretch the muscles so that it can get to its maximum size and pump it full of blood and just do more sets to get the same amount of stimulus at no risk when I I was first introduced to this when I was one of the oldest trait in techniques I still throw in here and they're just for the fun of it enough as you know I started to raise these but honey rembords old Episodes seven stuff you know the seven sets with the stretching between sets and people say you know I was just you know pumps because you have 30 seconds break I said now the pumps come from the stretching between the sets and then obviously applying that over time I'm like well if it works there half on I'm not doing this elsewhere in my workouts you know and I think you know as if you're like you're a part of your body of warming up protocols needs to be like I can't just walk into it like even if it's a lot of cave betroths there attention warm up yeah my elbows just off you know take it time just let them let them loosen up it stretch them out like allow the blood flow to kind of get into you know people say I do stretch cold it's like I think once you get any more blood in the muscle right you can probably go for a deeper stretch I mean it's yeah the finishing returns to like how far do you really have to stretch the trusset with a quad to you know make sure it's kind of warmed up you don't need to be hitting pb's and looking to try hit the splits between you know yeah yeah your hamstring curls right but you know there there there's a certain point there but I do believe that yes like I think you should be stretching pre-workout during a workout and even post-workout especially post-workout so like if I don't feel pain in the left elbow I don't need to stretch the right left tricep yeah cool but if I'm feeling pain in the right elbow and that pain is prohibiting me from getting the maximum amount of reps then I'm never even going to get to those two expibers because I'm going to abort the set out of fear or pain so it's better to sacrifice one or two to let a little bit of calcium ions in by stretching and it doesn't have to be a super deep fucking stretch you don't have to tear the sarco mirrors apart to allow the calcium ions in you could just get that muscle to the maximum length that it still has muscle tension get correct or on your warm-up sets hold the stretch for two seconds on every rep to eight reps with 50% load but hold the stretch against resistance then you don't have to work so hard with the other muscles trying to stretch that tricep and also getting countable and that's what too like I said before like you have people going to that stretch position but what I just went up blast through that warm-ups nice and quick and then go try and stretch on a heavy loading it's like now you're not going to do that like as you said if you're coming into a lot of repress come down and just chill there you warm-ups and understand okay that's what I feel is like for my chest I don't know if I can feel the blood cut of so you're letting in then it's going to feel what safer when you come down because you don't have to stretch for as long on your heavier sets because yeah you're not doing it for three or four seconds you're going to have to come down for one maybe two and draw it back up and like if you're like you're in a maximum stretch position now squeeze the muscle to fight the stretch and allow it to move through the range of ocean then fight the eccentric so you're actively resisting the eccentric on the way down and to that eight to twelve times and that's a set and then you can if you know and that's that if you train like that you're going to get a lot of hypertrophy out of very little load and people like will you you grow better with heavier load just like relative to who like who are you comparing these studies are done on 20-year-old children with 20 pounds of total body muscle mass these are not going to grow what do you want how to 40-year-old man like if you're not taking a adult man who's been training for 20 years and applying these teeny-bapar principles they're going to get hurt and they're not going to be able to lift it all and that's where I see all the time is you get a new coaching client who's a lifestyle client he's in his 50s and he wants to do heavy ass exercises and they always hurt themselves it's like you don't have the skill to handle the load that's where your program for machines that freeweights are their own skill a skill you don't have this is a skill you needed to learn 30 years ago when you were in high school and you didn't learn it's a skill that I haven't as a skill as you said that I didn't need it now you know right we have machines I don't know a lot of people say all you know I've really commented this and I colored it that I'm like yeah but we have the availability these days as well you know like we have released not as people turn their own butter yeah we don't sure now on butter we buy it at the store you know so it's also a small are you good we we have the value you know with all these fantastic gym companies out there and they try to you know compete for who has the best mechanical pathway so it's like yeah fucking take advantage of it man I just went to I went to bed also the first time yesterday and I remember we spoke last week and I said I didn't beat the gym so it was my first exposure there it's only around the corner actually and man like you can see why people love training now because the first thing I said was I'm like doesn't matter where you're injured on your body you could train here and find something to assist with your injury you had elbow pain or somebody there is a machine man I'm talking like 50 different fucking bison machines you know a hundred different hacks like yeah it's just like it's unbelievable but you know that's why people would excel on those types of places because like oh this hacks work probably feels a bit off or you know it's said the hacks what you'd like the best for you is you know you might like the sidebecks I might like the hamstrings you know it just depends solely on the person but regardless what you feel comfortable with and doing and getting the rough stimulus is also going to create far less injury which is the other parts where we're coming out of these exercises like we're just saying now that you're coming in and smashing quads on the hacks work with the right technique the right stimulus the right term by all the above your quads walking out now absolutely pride but there's no overworked through the low back there's no overworked through the glutes you're not coming out sweating for hugely sitting there go I go I'm going to try to breathe and decide what date is it's like you don't need to be right for a set now we need that backslap but you know I come on you got a push and you know and forget about everything else because you're just going to push the light up that's that's turning it that white lift and mentality not bodybuilding you know not not not try to use a tool to help build a house it's like to me Olympic lifting it would be like being a professional buttered churner if you're lactose intolerant it's just that there's no logic at all that using free weights and 2021 it is such an antiquated dumbass way of doing anything it'd be like why would you rob a bank with a bomb when you can rob it with a note you know none of what these people do makes any sense they're just flailing away at the illusion of masculinity by like throwing the weight up in the air and then slamming it down it's like bitch you've got colored weights there's nothing much about you shut up yeah exactly and that's why you know as a side of people what I work with a lot of gods of work on flying fly-up thoughts when they work here the minds and stuff like that yeah look they're going to be restricted you know they're going to be okay look I don't have the fancy gym I've got a gym the the campus set up for us it's majority free weights a leg person and a Smith machine it's like well look we're going to work with what we can but I can tell you right now majority of the compounds are probably going to be other could Smith machine bro you know it's like the gym I train our downstairs it's a little hard core grungy gym there's a lot of machines they don't have there so I've had to resort to some dumbbell pressing and things like that and look I got to do it you know it's fine it's it's the gym that I'm out and I locked that gym I like training there and but that as I said like if I was to choose if it also is just a little bit closer you probably would be there because of the simple fact that they literally have every machine there for every pathway you can fit to your body's heart it's just like amazing so you just get rewarded like the machines and the you know the the the amount of precision they put into these machines these days as I said like what is the point of a free weight I just I can't understand that I mean for my bicep curls I do preacher dumbbells rather than preacher machines because no matter what it's going to hurt my elbow because it's not exactly right for my ergonomics and that's about it other than certain bicep exercises because of tendonitis I don't see a point to free weights at all dumbbell presses are a great way to train your chest I think I like dumbbell presses they're also very dangerous once you get into a weight that you have to throw up into position by the time you get to a load it can't be a first exercise you have to pre-exhaust your chest before dumbbell presses otherwise you're never going to really get the right ratio the stimulus to fatigue ratio you're always one tweak away from tearing your muscle right off the bow with them oh yeah I can tuck and say that yeah I can tell you yeah I can tell you yeah the dumbbell presses should be a second or third exercise with 12 reps 10 to 12 reps if you're earlier in the workout or heavier than 12 10 to 12 reps you're doing it wrong this is just there to get a good fucking chest stimulation maybe a try some stimulation especially if you're down here and you're doing like jam presses like so one thing I don't I mean not they want to make his mind chest is by my way his body parts but fly work I notice you said you do a lot of fly work for chest I didn't I just started because Chenecchi talked me into it he was like even though your triceps because what I've been doing is only process because my triceps is so much weaker than my chest and I was doing only two sets of presses three times a week and my chest went for one of my best body parts to like one of my worst body parts in just one season so this my kiss roots healthier you that you just need a little bit of volume to maintain the muscle I don't think that's true that because I was if I do nine sets of chest twice a week my chest grows like a week if I do two sets of chest three times a week it shrinks so right now I'm up to six sets of chest three times a week and it's slowly coming back sorry six sets of chest three times a week and you were doing two sets yeah was doing two sets three times a week okay yep yep yep so Chenecchi talked me into putting in some flies first and to really stretch out the packs really stretch out the packs really stretch out the packs with the flies and then just squeezing against the stretch and then and then lowering the weight and then just just basically it's a finesse move with the pack deck I always had good form with my pack deck a lot of people they do this stuff the whole smash most muscular yeah and they're getting all but there's no chest at all in this it's all shoulders and biceps yeah so I always did this with the um I always did that with the pack pack right I'm stretching out all the way of course but stretch it all the way and then come in like your karate chopping someone in the yeah yeah yeah you karate artery and then that really gets the chest both to stretch it out all the way and then come in like that and then it's not just for the purpose of pre-exhausting the chest it's a real work set but now when I go do chest it's not like I'm not using I won't using all well it's the same amount of load and I'm getting about to see my reps but I just get so much more chest out of it then when I switch to triceps oh man it really nails the triceps what I used to do is just go in there and do just tricep focus process and it was just a bunch of shoulder tendons and elbow tendons now it's completely different story so then okay so you would you would you so you're hitting chest three times a week you would hit six sets upon each day obviously you tie triceps into that so then you would hit say like a fly first then that a pressing movement and then move into triceps yeah so so two to two to two flies to what this is after the eight sets of back so if you the eight sets of back six laps two upper back I'm going to start putting rear delts in earlier because I'm going to be at the pectac anyway I might as well do the reverse pectac and then the pectac is a super such and then I can save some time there because otherwise I'm doing rear delts at the end of the workout after I've done middle delts and I don't give a fuck anymore I'm mentally checked out by that point so my rear delts started getting smaller because they were to be on the back burger for too long yeah but I'm emotionally attached to my middle delts so I've never checked out for middle delts but I don't I'm not emotionally attached to my rear delts so by the if I do the middle delts my rear delts after middle delts the I always have checked out for a year I did the rear delts first I would do rear delts then I would do pectac like an anachastay I do rear delts then I do pectac me to you then I would go to presses and that's how I got my strong is that's when I have the best chest that's when I with my best pressure is weird delts then pectac then presses yeah yeah it makes a lot of sense so then when you would go to two and two and then that's when you finish after that on a truss of accessory like an isolation based movement after the closed group no I see that for the next day and I do six sets of tricep isolation that next day so it'd be upper and then it's the next day starts with triceps and that it's going to be extension based off either cables or Vulcans or overhead or dip machine actually a little bit so then it's going to get a little bit but didn't I should do an upper lower upper arms lower upper arms lower upper arms lower okay yeah yeah okay that makes sense that okay that makes sense yeah because I'm I'll do exactly everything the same as you except I move chest first and sit it back okay yeah I have the other way around and then yeah and then then arms and then lower yep I find pushpool legs I think has its placed yes but I don't know I just I it always comes back around to the fact that when you say you mentally check out definitely with the pushpool legs like with arms I find I've just always trained better what I put the truss at blyceb together and that's where there were two legs yes I so it's so with pushpool legs for example I think it's great for most people I just find it for myself I don't know what it is it's just when it comes to the the blyceb truss component I just kind of as I said mentally check out so I'm like now look I got to put them both together and so instead of pushpool legs that's where I'll hit there's a sense it's more of like the upper arms and then legs and same thing with legs through deparering legs together I've always had this place I tried multiple times and you know appearing back in pants through together I'll still try on those things here and there but I just have a little bit of shame thing I just I kind of I do think I just said before what you said with the whole mentally checking out there I think you need to feel that state of focus the whole way through you know so just because you might have something that's right on paper that you need to bring a week marks a year before it's still has to come and so what you're actually going to really put in without sessions well and I've always felt better putting truss ups and moths together and separate day the cool thing about blyce of truss arms and legs on the same day you don't have to train them at the same time you could go do fast cardio and then hit arms with and it have an intro workout when you do arms then you could go home have a couple of meals come back and do legs if you want to do that if you don't what I do is I go to the gym I go in their pretty cold and hit arms and that's my warm up then I go do a little bit of cardio to get my legs loosened up I do my leg mobility and stretching I keep drinking my intro and then I've emotionally recovered from my arm workout and now I'm already to go for my leg workouts so I don't have to warm up into the legs the mobility it gets it already and then I just go do two sets of hamstrings two sets of these squat presses of whatever variation two sets of the other hamstring leg curl and then two sets of leg extensions by this point I'm checked out and then it's like okay I got a throw in some fucking ad drs and calves and then I throw in the ad drs and the calves when I was putting ad drs early I wasn't emotionally invested if I put calves early Mike my ankles aren't warm up enough to handle the loads I need for calves So I have a splitting up then see as a moving into the training to us today feel how do you got that program in that or are you a fan of that because that's one thing I actually did which I actually I've loved it man when I had my quad chair right my mentality I spoke to John about it I said this man you know like what are we gonna do you know I don't want to stop coaching you know otherwise I'll just fall off the rock completely I said can I come to you with an idea so yeah what is it and I said look can I train twice a day where I'll do chest in the morning go home and have a couple meals so I'll eat chest in the morning have a couple meals to the afternoon and come back the next day have a meal train back have a couple of meals come back show shoulders in the afternoon following day quads of the morning the doctors have turned calves and abs in the afternoon I couldn't train quads obviously at the time because I took a quad the momentality was that I've trained twice that before in contest perhaps in stuff just you know out of cardio purpose is really because I really don't think you can train as hard overall I just think there is you're battling some of your things you can do but for me I said to myself mentally I said look I'm not gonna train well because you know I can't even go to the tour properly with this tour in quad but if I can so much as work yeah it's why today to keep my brain stimulated and happy that I'm you know just go to the gym you know so be it but as the quads start to recover I really actually enjoyed this split and obviously coming into my quad rehab that's where I started putting in the leg work and things like that and I've always said to myself I'm like I feel like I did that ride I still think it'll be a place there for train it's whilst they especially made you in a contest break where you know you could use that as your extra cardio session later that day because you're always gonna be in more calories in a heavy duty weight session and what you would you know sitting on a treadmill or a barcrest and austenra so I always kept that there like I was never been fully against it I haven't gone down that route again since but it actually worked really well for me as far as keep my muscles full and shining well and obviously you know brain side in dread injury have you ever had experience so that were you're doing so it's was today or anything like that you only tell my leg training twice a day is when I had an apartment behind the gym and all I had to do was walk outside at a walk across the parking lot into the back door of the gym if I have to get in my car and drive through traffic it fucks up my mood I just don't like people I don't like waiting yeah so I don't want to have to leave my house ever I don't even like having two stories I don't like having to go up and down stairs so like I like to have everything the kitchen the bathroom the bedroom the theater the studio everything's on one floor and I just never want to leave I thought about buying the apartment under me and just putting a gym in that so I couldn't just never leave my at least we got one workout in a day where like if I did just in back in the morning I could do delts in the evening I could do legs in the morning and do arms in the evening that would make sense to me and then alternate like that but that's like a hundred grand investment minimum we'll see I know you want to get all panata new tech with me downstairs is where my gym is that's why I've kind of revisited y'all you know I'm killing my work at the moment there's a lot of duty because just chamontal I'm saying it's not you know it's so hard so it's like I wonder if I could revisit that channel where there's literally better yeah you said you go downstairs you're a part of them and you walk across the pot what the building next to me here on the grand four is the gym all it's basting so that's where my go I wonder you know I could trial it for a little bit while I'm here just to see how I could actually revisit them do it properly because I had my engine back home in Australia so I could do it because obviously I was working out of the gym and I was there it's my home sports or I had kind of you know do what I had to do it was it was a probably the routine was but he it's like probably more convenient you know because there is no drive and there's no nothing like that so it's like it probably could work I could do like the old year age 70s hours they made you know when you they go train and I could go upstairs my rooftop 10 mill the day I'm getting a 10 on there come back and train it afternoon you know but yeah people say you know you get a lot of overwork at the teague but I think it's actually more of the fact that when you're training twice a day it's as you said it's the it's the fuck around of you know the driving and the instrument that and prepping everything up where as you said like you it's literally you're living above the gym it could it could definitely work. Yeah so now I like totally in the mood to go hit the gym because like I train believing that and a plant fitness for my upper body because people just leave me the fuck alone it's like I'm three weeks out I just don't want to have to interact with people and it's like luckily at the planet fitness no one feels comfortable approaching me you know and so that's what I would much prefer and it's like if on the leg day I go to the my normal powerhouse and no one really talks to me there either but it's just like you recognize enough people where you're expected to nod and make eye contact and that's still too much emotional energy for me to waste in the middle of a workout like there's nobody should get any of my fox all my fox should be given to the training and and then once I'm all out of fox to give I still have more such to do so I certainly can't sacrifice fox on people. It's a big one man and look at his other thing too because you are familiar with that gym and you're probably part of the French and they're trying to stay long you know I don't have to deal but it's hard because although you're in contest prep and things like this we touched on this last week people still expect you to say hi you know people will still talk to you like like hey man you're killing your leg session it's like these are all positive well hey man if I can look and grade they are this new training you're doing a new school chair you really work it well but the thing is it's still energy for you man and I think off season or pre-contest like you know people forget like it's it's not a place to socialize but it's just better just eliminate yourself from that atmosphere like a bonus for example yes that was fantastic gym but I was also star struck because there's a lot of big dudes there so I'll be a rosewalk through there I'm like nah Jesus Christ but that took me away from my focus right where we're trying downstairs there's these Indian Guards that I know and devise a pretty you know chilled place as far as everyone keeps themselves not really approached you here so I love going down there because it's been the whole gym is just hamistering also hamisterings the same stuff you'd have in a planet of foodness or anytime any time fitness but the atmosphere is really awesome because they love body beauty but they get no one approaches you right so I can just kind of go down there and focus and I can train to believe it or not that will still be my homies in there compared to what it be it's again I saw we're going to get us what you want the week just for you know some motivation or whatever it is but you know training the full time and they said not to not to sold out because of the fact I just know the positive distractions are still distractions right absolutely so I think that's a good note to leave for this episode next episode we'll do nutrition because now I'm all fired up to go hit lads after this talk about training but I'm glad you like I'm going to do a part we have a pot three I'm glad you like I have me on man I'm I'm yeah did you're great I like like talk to you a lot and appreciate I'm anxious interested in hearing what you eat in order to get so big and we'll cover that next time but it's cool that we got to tack shop my favorite subject is talking about training unfortunately I'm labeled as a steroid person and it's just like me too do you know it's funny like when you reached out to me initially you got you want to come to podcast I said dude I don't know why I ran gear nothing like you or some like John you know you guys are the experts he'd be I'm even late when we use a gear I got right but our people just come to me because and they asked me about this stuff but I've always said that when you want to teach someone something whether to be training nutrition or gear can you explain it to someone who's in grade three or you keep it simple and I find what happens out now I don't know how difficult it is but I find what happens now to it is that it's like people have to um and you're out you are the science girl right you you have that background so you you'd be able to see through a bit of the more I can't but people try to use these big words and big sentences and let's kind of share it right to make themselves sound smarter and they've almost confused people so they go oh I got to go to this guy because he's so technical but it really is where it's like no I find I get the respect and the people that come to me in that retrospect because I can dumb it down say it's simple you know can you take something in complex and read upon it and learn about it and explain it is such a simple matter for someone I understand you go oh that's all it is it's like yeah that's all it is oh my last coach told me this is this no it doesn't have to be that fucking complicated man like what do you put us on a path smart I don't look that smart you know mean that you just got to dumb it down as simple for us so we understand all the concepts as as easy and as short as possible people are not concise and they're not clear and that a pattern recognition and an analogizing stuff is the key I think to communicating with people so that you can get it into them and their frame of reference so they can assimilate it into their existing data cell it's funny man because when they when they come through and say some questions to me online now to say them like you know I'm not gonna sit there and pretend I fucking know everything I said do that or I fuck I don't know yeah there's some things I don't know I'm not gonna and I find that's when people respect you more because they're like okay I'm like yeah if I look I'll look I'll find it whatever it is I'll learn about it and you know people respect you so much more because like oh you're not fool of shit then so when you do talk like okay he's not just talking shit or yeah just to kind of keep up with the conversation it's like if there's something you don't know it's like last week man you talk about that last week about um but was it I learned something from you last week DHB here I was thinking I was being conservative with my doses and you're like oh no man just watch out for that you know you can on the handle 20 20 megaday and my goal is shit okay well I've been going to a blood test in a couple of days and I went and did it thankfully I came back in my blood scan back all clear which they usually do but you know there are things I learned as well man you know what I mean so I'm not gonna sit there pretend I'm some fucking expert in everything there's always room for improvement always room to to take in more knowledge all right cool well we'll do this next week maybe a little bit later in the day so I don't jerk you around like I did today that I thought I'd be up on time to get my fast and cardio in but my picture and my picture looks yeah my picture looks so good that um Dom had me do another medium day so I had to make a different breakfast that's what pushed me that's why it was a little bit further back down down it's half of shit right here and you're in prep on how it is what you got to do I get it I'm an amazing I'm in the bar man if you're looking about all that so you just you know what you were doing alright cool man I appreciate you so much alright I'll talk to you next week then thank you bro have a great one bye

Worry! You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. So, what are you doing into by? You know what I'm doing into by right now? I was at a feed, right? And... Chicken roasts. They're not stupid at bread. But I'm on a meal set, I had legs today. And I come down after a sit here after they bring me up some shit. And I just... Relax and do some work and talk to people like you, man. It's a pretty easy life. But what am I doing into by? I'm here for tax reasons. Obviously for bodybuilding purposes too, man. Like obviously all the top pros out here at the Middle East, everything like that. And around the world of coming here. So, for me, I want to come here as well do the same thing, beer, I'm like one of people. And the other thing too, man, is zero tax. Zero tax and everything. And I think it's a Australia where it's heavy on tax. You just... I can live there for them, but it's just I can't father give me away so much tax, you know? So rather than moving to taxes, I should just move to Dubai. Man, you would love to buy. Man, so everyone here as well. But you don't... with the States, everyone's pretty good as well. Like when I was there, as far as wanting to help you out. Man, we're not changing here. Observe people in this area as we know. You hit them up on Instagram, hey man, you need to help whatever. Man, they give you website to give you all this shit. All top quality gear, for the little bit to hear how's that day on a website. Just everything you think you're tips back. Convenience wise, service wise, everyone's happy, everyone's safe. There's no graffiti, there's no homeless. I'm just looking out now, like everyone's... everyone's children. Everyone's happy, I think that's why the bodies responding so well. Everyone's like, oh, we're doing the device at different. Like man, I just went to Box of Antality to be honest. Eat, sleep, train. I literally have upstairs from this Turkish restaurant. The gym is next door here, I can see it. I haven't been to the B.C. or Jim's yet. I'm just locked down. It's fucking awesome now. It's just a nice, easy way to live. And you're turning it by nose. No. That's about 30 minutes away from here. And it's expensive. If it's expensive. But look, I get out there probably once a week. Just for a content purposes, obviously. See, there's a big deal out there. I actually haven't been out there yet. So, I've done the got here two weeks ago. So, my schedule is I want to get stuck at Big Jim probably once a week. But I've got this, I've got this hidden in love. A small hardcore, grimy gym. So I've got my engine back in Australia. And I made it myself because I want to get away from the commercial gym. I don't know what kind of situation I'm having to talk to people. And whatever, because you know, you know how it is man. People see you in a gym that's happy to see you. You can make their whole week. But, you know, when you're prepping or you're training hard, you head down, you know, you know what it's all to people. It's not there if they want to come up and say hi to you. You're mad. You know, people get upset. You know, it's fucking personal talking. So they're fucking look that big then, don't be a, you know, a top pro. What you're trying to do. Well, you're, you're a figure if someone on the gym that they look up to. You know, so, for me, it's about being proactive. You've got to rather be in a hard court place where people understand your mentality and where you heads up, you know, so you're like, right now, this gym that I have to downstairs, it's hard cool, it's grimey as, it's just like my gym back home and everyone leaves your learning, I train hard. And then obviously now, like I've been here for two weeks now, it's like, yeah, sleep, I'm gonna get out to a promotion gym once a week, but it's been awesome what it is, you know, you can get out even socialized whatever it is, but you know, I like to have my home base where I can try to knuckle in head down and fucking kill it man, you know? Yeah, I never had anyone walk up to me, mid-set and interrupt my set to get attention, but definitely I have a lot of people who will walk up to some piece of equipment that's nowhere close to me and they're trying to make eye contact with me so that they can ask me, are you using this? It's like bitch, does it look like I'm using it? So fuck's up, that's a chest, I'm doing legs, who the fuck supersets chest and legs? Maybe they want to just engage you in a conversation and they don't know how as what I think might be the situation. Well, look, man, you know, at the other day, we look at these guys, say for example, like Andrew Jack or Nick Walker, and we think, oh my God, they're massive, but to the normal person, guys, you know, that a mid-range pros or whatever, or even top amateurs, they're like running common to these people, you know what I mean? So they wanna come up, they wanna say, hi, they've always been scared to talk, they're like, you know, they're trying to break the eyes or first time ever, and they say something that's hard, is like, you know, using this chest, please. You know, no one's kind of to a mid-set, but obviously between experts, between sets, I'm sitting there, I'm trying to give my breath back up a leg press. And I can't imagine, oh, you know, when are you competing there? You know, things like that, you know, you're just gonna sit there and go, you know what, like there's no point, like back when I was younger, you see a pissed off, like the fuck you talk to a mid-range, you know? But now I really understand where it's like now, you're just gonna be pro-I have to be pro-I have to be pro-I have to be pro. You know, and at the other day, these people look up to you and they have this idea of an perception of what a body who is, they could be interested. I never wanna be that personally using the bad taste, because it only takes a small minority of you, you know, the stereotype of a body who are the bad name, right? I remember this one time, I didn't wanna go to my normal gym because I was too close to showing I was in a bad mood. So I went to a crunch gym, I have what's crunch gym. Memberships, crunches like a planet fitness with barbells. It's like a half a step up from a planet fitness, but it thinks it's more. And so I went there and I'm like, oh my God, you're shredded the guys at the front desk and I was like, yeah, I'm coming here today because I'm so close to show I don't wanna talk to anyone. They're like, oh, sorry for talking to you. I was like, that's not really what I meant. I meant like while I'm lifting, I don't want to be, I don't wanna have to perform. I wanna be able to perform this job. I don't wanna have to perform the social duties. But then you're slow to know a nose. And so mad, he wrote a note and put it on my car. Like you'd think somebody who blah, blah, blah would know how to park between the lines and then it's just like, what the fuck? Well, that's what they say in your profession. So you have to be barbed, you have to say how it is. And unfortunately, if you can't take any of it, that's why you gotta keep telling around, I want to say, I'm really starting with it because people love me because I'm straight to you. Like what I want to walk someone you know about it. So I can trigger for me as when someone says, oh, do you not walk me or whatever it is? It's like trust me, you would fucking know your body and walk you. You know? You know, I want to be like, you're not important enough to me for me to have an opinion about you. You have to be like, yeah, I don't really, like you'd have to really fuck up bad for me to be so angry at you that I'm thinking about you when you're not around. See it every week I see you man, you're looking fucking bigger. You're looking lean up. You're from all over the world. Thank you. So let's go on your own. I'm trying. I mean, obviously I follow your stuff for up, but you're gonna let out what shows you exactly what's going on. So I'm doing the Florida Pro September 6th, then I'm doing the San Antonio Pro September 20th, then I'm doing the Daytona Pro September 27th. So the plan is to drive down to Florida. Which is about 24 hour drive. And then stay in Florida for that show, then drive to Texas, which is another 12 to 18 hours. Then do that show, then drive back to Florida, which is 12 to 18 hours. Then drive to Arkansas, because I'm supposed to live with Carlos Thomas Jr. and early October and then drive home. Because I did the math and like, for me and my camera person to do 12 playing tickets would be more money than just like, that would be like 12 playing tickets is gonna be between $6 and $10,000. So it's like, and then you have to like rent a car. So renting the car for 40 days, that's gonna be like $12,000 or maybe it'll be $6,000. If you're lucky, you know what I mean? And it's like, that's insane, that's like 20 grand. Do it on both of them. I'm like, yeah, we just drive. And it's like, we got 14 days to make it for Florida to Texas. Then you got seven days to make it back from Texas to Florida. We can stop at New Orleans. Yeah. It's shoot content in the French quarter because neither of us have ever been there. We can stay in Dallas and train with people in Dallas. Go to Houston, train with people in Houston. That 14 days in between, I can get a lot of content shot. And so I've got an editor back home. So I've got my camera person who's my, he's like my creative director, you could say. And he will send the data back to the editor back home to co-edit with it. So that can go up so it'll almost be close to real time. And that way will have a system for it. And then it's gonna be expensive. But it's not gonna be as expensive as if we flew and rented a car because I've got the task law. I can just drive down and, oh, sweet. Whatever. It drives itself and then we can trade off. So 24 hours in a task law is actually doable. If you take turn sleeping, even if we stay one night somewhere, we do 12 hours stay somewhere than 12 hours. That's not hard enough. I did it every year when I got some appearance at Christmas time, I'd tell my daughter, tell my daughter everything and drive them. It's a 14 hour run. But you just do it over two or three days in Joyful Men. You know, the other thing too, bro, like, it's the fucking airport. It's just stress and making time. Like it is, it's so much stress where if you've got a free time when they say 14 days to get a 14 hour drive done, right? You know, you just take it as it comes, man. It's like you can kind of plan your trip out, plan different gems, especially for content. Like you can be going to all these different gems. Oh, yeah, how many times men do you fall in? You've got to some country down. You're stopping the way to your tour, break whatever. You get a feed there, whatever. I'd be grocery and you find some six small gems. And you're like, oh, shit, let's check this place out. That's perfect, man. Like you're going to be like, you never really know what you go right into. You know, I think obviously building up on, you know, say, content for Instagram, YouTube, things like that. I fucking love it. I don't think it's a great idea. I mean, like, let's be real. Let's say I win the over 45 classic physique show. It's not going to get any publicity. Like no one gives a fuck about over 45 classic physique. So me winning your losing is kind of irrelevant. It's how good are the pictures look and how great is the content we get about the journey. And other people are saying, I'd about the destinations, about the journey. It's like fuck that. I want to win. When it comes to the audience, the audience doesn't. If you win like the Mr. Michigan, they think you're amazing. If you got 7th at the Olympia, they think you're a loser. Because they don't know the difference. So they don't know whether winning or losing. They don't know shit. They just know what you look like is better than anything. They never want to look like. And then the story you create that you put on YouTube is either compelling or it's not. Exactly. So if they're like looking where's Todd going to be today? Oh, shit. He's going to be in Tampa for a day training with so and so. And there's that video. Then the next video that drops is like, holy shit. He stopped at New Orleans. And it's him and Kai walking around the French quarter. And Todd hasn't had a cheap meal in six months. And he's going to have real gumbo. Oh, Todd's having an athletic shock from the shrimp in the gumbo. This is exciting. It's like, I'm wearing you and check your epipent, Todd. I thought, you know, it's like, yeah, I'm wondering, why do you think everyone has such a big pool and say towards car green, Westfield Heathback of the day? Because everyone felt the story of being with him in the apartment, talking to the fish on his old stove, top, you know, like being part of the story, like half the people hated Phil, just because you know, I feel was a gorky, but they only ever saw the highlights of Phil. They never saw the struggle of Phil. You know, I say you built a story and I think behind it. It's true, man, because it's like my family, for example, they still tell people on the Mr. Universe because I won the Mr. Universe, Todd, or else 21, and Greece in a low federation, you know, as my first show. This is newsback, right? But they still refer to me, oh, yeah, that's my son. He's a Mr. Universe, you know, as I go, they just forget that, you know, one multiple national totals and I competed the idols as a pro and all those kind of stuff. It's like, no, no, no, no, it's just, he still didn't just give it to us. So, to the normal person that I know. So, actually, let's do this. Why don't you go through and explain your competitive history for me because I'm not familiar with it. I know my audience is probably not as familiar as they should be. Tell me about your, your just the whole thing from the start. And yeah, look, competing, what are I competing? I started competing, I think, with all the 17 or 18. And competing is as a natural water gourdough, which I always said, it goes start out naturally. Three, three to four years naturally, did the teenagers and everything like, but I knew one day I wanted to give them a gas, like, you know, I knew all wanted to do, but I wanted to actually make sure that, if I'm going to give it on the gas, we'll have what it takes. I'll be like, dude, it's getting glass call out and it's an teenage natural show. You know, you're probably not going to have a chance of doing anything when you're on the gig, you know. So, I wouldn't fire through that and then like most amateurs are fine, you know, when when guys are looking to turn pro, the guys are really good as amateurs, they struggle for it pretty easily. That's not just credit to, you know, anyone that I've versed, but you know how it is, man, you know, at amateur shows, you see that one do the some stages, like he's good to improve, you know. And going through in the Australian ranks, it was very tough, but I kind of breeze through every year. I got off of my pro card one year, that was the amateur Olympia. I got second and the overall, but I wanted to win the overall man. I said, no, did I. I said, now come back to make sure we're kind of like next year of watch. Jesus. So, it was my first year at a genius, you know. So, for me, I'm like, look, I lost your role to this Indonesian guy who was like, eight kilos and I was 105 and I'm a metaphor, I can't be a guy's 80 kilos. How am I going to go to this role with Requel? You know, this stuff could have happened, you know. So, yeah, following you to a campaign pro. And that was the best thing that happened to me in regards to six months later, I did the honors Australia. And I got my ass handed to my man. I got 12 out of 14 guys. And as I said, you have that realization because what happens is you're versing amateurs and you kind of creating them all year, but then when it comes through to pros, everyone's good man. And not only that too, it's when the arm of Australia. So, you're kind of leapfrogging a little bit too from your regular pro show. Yeah, and look like I'm a ass handed to me. The next year came back. I went from 12 up to 7th, which is fantastic. I was really happy with that jump. You know, so that's kind of like, you know, made up for it. I had to fool your hard year training, everything like that. And a little COVID hit had a child, had a breakup, I can not imagine. I had to kind of sit there and say to myself, man, look, I want to, I want to set myself up here. If I'm going to actually take this seriously, I knew I was going to have to take 23, maybe four years away. And just focused on getting the foundations right there in a mental health rod, you know, do up a daughter and things like that. And, and then I came out, finding enough houses, I came out with 2023. I was going to go to the first year back, I was going to do the Kelly Pro and the pro over in Spain. And like every body group at some stage of their life, decided to inject some liquid standards else from the vet, and I mixed it with test suspension. And unfortunately, I get the infection in my lap, which put me in hospital. Now that was nasty, right? But the infection wasn't the bad part, because if everyone gets any infection, right? Just an attitude, you know, I think. You would know about this. I've got Crohn's disease, right? I've got Crohn's disease. So what happens when they put me on these antibiotics, the time remember what they were, it triggered my Crohn's disease, active, a bucket of hectic band, and threw me on my ass for a week in the hospital. So that put me on the show. I lost like 12 kilos, this was like, you know, four, five weeks out, 12 kilos. It was just horrible. So I had the kind of taking L there, and then I'm like, look, I've had a bad experience here, and we'll wait back, you know, everything was really good. So I decided to take another year, it wasn't did the Kelly Pro last year. How'd you do? Well, that's a bit disappointed. I was really happy with how I went, as far as how I brought in. But I had the idea where the year before, it was like eight guys that turned up, I turned up, so I'm like, I've got to go out to a week or show, and 25 guys turned up, you know, so it was hard to get noticed. So I pulled it 11 at that show, and I'll tell you the other day, it was like, in turn, in turn, there was, even guys from New York probably were there. It was cool, man, like, you know, Beast Jew was really cool to see these guys in person. But also just sad about self-taught, too, it's like, look, like, you know, my thing was, you know, to bring a condition, I was just going to make sure I'm coming really peeled. I did a little journey with myself, and I hooked up back up with my old coach, Chris Isito, in the last six to eight weeks. So he just kind of glider things in that last part. I just what I told him, I just want to be super shredded, I don't know if you have flat air, I just want to be fucking shredded as, and then we work from there. And that's the thing, man, I stand 61. So I'm kind of backstage, and I felt like my classmate was like, I was 120 kilos, what's that in your frame? It's like, what to, to 40 feet, to 60 year, whatever. And to, yeah, 2.2, 10 is 120, and it would be, 242, 62, yeah, like, like, 265. Yeah, about there, yeah. A six month, you know, these guys are all 261. Yeah, so, you know what I mean? You're 20 pounds over the cutoff for class. Yeah. Maybe maybe maybe, maybe your 10 pounds over the cutoff for class. But, you know, I'm sure you're the best. Fuck them. I was about 14, 15 kilos over from my heart. I worked it out. But I was always, I was always on the end of my program. I just, that's how I felt backstage because these guys are fucking, you know, I would say the biggest shocker for me was like, how, how much bigger someone can look with that just a little bit shorter. You know, I forgot about it. Obviously being at the hour was being away from, so long you're like, you're fucking, condition isn't everything, you know, like my thing is always going to be shredded shredded, but condition isn't absolutely everything. Like, like, like, like, like, came in maybe, you know, how was 45 weeks out? I probably would have, and to Chris and she, as the fan, she actually said that, and he's like, you know, it's far from the Islam on the cardio. Like, we're kind of buddy heads because, you know, when you coach someone, you're like, you know, you're cheating on your diet, you're cheating on your diet. For me, it was more like, software cardio. I'm like, no, I'm not doing cardio. I know you're doing cardio, software cardio. So, it was more like that. But then, yeah, from now, obviously just now, you're coming in, you know, bring what I want to bring really condition. Then it's like, I sweet, we're not just going to take the time, put the sauce on, reassess a few things. I was going to do more on a bow commission for a cold case, I was holding up for a salt charge. Um, some of the kick down of my gym, long story short. So, um, I had to add to the, I'd be back for that. Got those charges cleared, everything like that. Once that's all cleared up, now I'm going to be here in the bars or my thing. And putting hard work in the off season. They have been kind of structured. Um, I got that to see my door every eight weeks. They have a good back plan. Um, and yeah, really just kind of keeping a simple man, because I want to put it a bit of a six to nine months here, just you know, it's lead train, putting the weight on. Um, and keep it clean now. I've never someone that's like kind of coming in wanting to, just put on a sauce for the second putty or sauce. I think it's kind of useless. I like to stay lean, I like to stay responsive in that way. And especially with keeping a type of addiction, everything like that as well. I think that is such a huge thing. And actually, I think that's coming back. I don't know about you. I think that's actually more coming back in a play there with the type of midsection. So, you know, working on things like back games and ad work and doing that every sheet of the end of season, and like a pace, fucking dividends. And you know, people say it's been the other, like, I had to keep you waistline. You know, it's like bad. Like one is like, yeah, I eat 7,000 calories every day. You know, it's a lot of food, but I just had to fucking easy because I keep a steps high. I keep my cardio up. I'm doing a shit letter fucking pourware, which really keeps me injury free and fucking training hard. And like I had to add a grade two quad tier at the start of the year, which is fucking nasty. And they'll consider you surgery on that things like that. But, you know, we opted not to obviously because of the physical look. Actually, I made my quad look better funny and hugged. But, you know, we had to kind of reassess that. Get my rehab from that. I'm like, you know, you know what? Like, now it's more like, you know, you know, you have time off. I've time off. It's like, nah, like, I'm gonna make an impact, man. I'm gonna make some big decisions here and really push for it. So, that's why I'm here in the barn. Yeah, that's why I'm here, killer. So, so many questions. Oh, are you still working with Chris Cito? No, so after the show, and I'm just want a different approach. I did, I did about nine months with John Joy. Matt, he's fucking awesome. I mean, he's really, really good to do. I'm just towards the end. I just wasn't saying a cat or something. And I've got a, I've got a close family member of mine that's really sick. So, I was kind of in and out. And I don't know about you, man, but when I kind of get stressed about stuff, I put my head down and put the blinkers on even harder. And, as much as I have to good thing for someone coaching me, it's not, you know, like he wants checkins twice a week from me. I'm checking with him once a month, you know, and it doesn't really lead. You know, and it's really not enough for him to kind of go up. So, I just sent him, I said, look, man, I'm not being accountable to you. I was just honest with him. Yeah, and I just feel, I just did a bit more of a laidback approach. So, I'm working now with Jamie DeBurgo. He's just moved to Australia. He was, he's working with me out with a lot of his stuff here in Dubai. He is originally from Utah, but he lives in Dubai. And he actually works under a seat or himself. So, you know, a good more laidback approach. It's just what I'm kind of getting everything as well, kind of sort of here and, and based upon, he has a kind of right mix, you know, so, yeah, it's just kind of, what he's all of ours, what I'm all about. So, up to the show, it was a John Jewel, and as I said, I can't wait him highly enough, man. Everything you see on Instagram as far as how technical he is, and obviously teaching me a whole heap as well. I know you didn't take a lot of guys on, but if someone's watching this and I think you make any of your John, that's someone I'll highly recommend to get on there. Yeah, I've tried to get him to my coach on four occasions. He was, no, so yeah, it's true, I got it. Well, I was, I was lucky enough to get in because I'm actually really close with one of the guys working for him. So I'm like, wait, man, just please bring the word, please bring the word. He's like, yeah, I'll have a phone call with him, and we hit things up, which is great. So, yeah, I was kind of lucky to get in there. I got to, you know, someone to get in there. So, does it pretty much follow the J3U to the letter, or is there differences that he did with you, than what you would have gleamed for yourself with the level one program? That's a, that's a good question. No, like, I think he's very, I think that's probably why he, he can really take on so many people at once, but because he's very individualised, you know, so he wants a lot of communication. Hence why I said, like, you know, the first six months were great, especially when I, even when I told my quiet, you know, we, he's like, you know, a lot of guys would put the even pause, where I kind of came to him, and he was actually very open as well, which I like with a coach to listen to, what I was giving back to when I told my quiet, instead of doing it with depression, as we usually would, I said to him, I said, man, look, if I'm going to beat this scene, I'm going to do like a, a trained twice a day, point of view, I'm going to just some chest and morning, some biceps in the evening, some back in the morning, some truss, because I just got to keep my brain, moving and keep ahead away from his quiet, you know, because I can't even go to the tour properly, without, you know, being in such pain, you know, so my training sessions weren't going to be that great, and everything in that program is everything you would say he would swear against, you know, but obviously for that circumstance and what it was, you know, that's the best circumstance, because really like I'm going to be training at safety for the same, not even, you know, we're trying not to lose muscle in that time frame or off the gear, so we're just more going to keep the mentality there, and Kai-Key consistently to play in the best of a time. So, yeah, as far as, you know, do we have the J3 route, like, yes, in the letter areas, but that was probably more, if we went through and did a prep together as well. I'll have to say, I have to answer that question properly. We did actual prep together. We did the majority of the offseason where we had them in the coin. So, it was very, very individualized for me, and to what I could actually do with my surroundings and environment. All right, and so, everyone's want to want to know, because you're a big, primo guy. Why do you like primo more than Master? To be honest, the reason why I like primo so much is because I never had proper pre-it. Now, I've run pre-mode now. I can say I've given pre-mode a really hard journey for nine months. And out of nowhere, funny enough, I see these reels on the internet, this dude Todd Lee is walking up pre-mode right at, right? And I'm not going to go out there as far as he says, I've been right at, but as far as, I think you are 110% correct in the way that people, what was the example you gave? You put something up, it was like two or three weeks ago, it was like the Gucci of a Gucci, what is it? What did you say? It was the best example. It's like you could, you could pay $2,000 for a Gucci purse, but I could carry the same amount of shit in my Walmart purse. That's exactly it. And then, so the same thing is like, I'm over here now, right? And to like, the access to quality gear is fucking, it's mad, like everything's, and one little snap ball is everything like that. Like just, oh quality, really, really well, blood's going back really to everything like that, right? So, but I'm only on mass to you. I'm running mass, I'm running DHB, I'm running test, and obviously, DHB's swim with that. So my, my softwares and change too much in that regard. I, I don't see really much at what the difference feeling was from mass to run through free mode. There was times in Australia, it's like six months ago, when there was a shortage in pre-load where I had to swap to mass, I'd jump and say, I just go swap to mass because it's pretty much the same thing anyway. And then I asked him the question, I said, well, you know, you always pushing pretty well into me. You're like, what's your, what's your take about he would say, it's more like a personal preference in my opinion. And if I had to kind of say, I would kind of say the same thing. I feel like the points you put out a very valid in the way that, you know, and mass probably does seem a bit more productive. But being there and, and probably within my self, and for the last say, what six weeks I've been on? And I hadn't been running pre-load or what I haven't seen any substantial difference. I just think for me the reason why I was so up in the era about it, loving it, you know, I tell you, running to how good it is. It's more like that, that I was ever actually running real pre-load in the past compared to what I was. And running, and probably, and probably running it at a higher dose too. One thing for me, man, I would say, is that I've never been against taking to you. I've never been against taking time. I'm out to you, especially as a pro when things like that. But I've just, I've never done it, unless I've had someone worthy enough of that, you know, personal look up to to tell me that. Yes, I say Chris Isido was very, he's very, very conservative. So I never went above what he said. Maybe in the off season, I would trial a few things a bit more whatever it is, but I never, if you were saying, dude, you gotta run way more than that. I know this person's doing this, I know this person's doing that, I'm like, yeah, well, until I have someone at a higher standard of what I am, I'm gonna do it. Like, I'm not to say that John Tamin and said, you know, you gotta run crazy math and gear. He just said, yeah, I think you gotta take more than that. Sweet, no problem. You know, same thing worked with Jamie, you know? You gotta take more. Oh, good. You know, it doesn't mean they come in yet and tell me to run a bucket-fired games and gear. Everything's always sitting for me, that I'm 300 pounds high and now. And very lean, but I've always kind of sitting three, three and a half grams, total. And look, there's guys in the chat, I mean, now they're gonna go, man, you can be ready more than that. Yeah, it's like, yeah, do you really need to? You know, like, I've done stupid amounts back in my amateur days, listening to the pros and Jim and I've just never got a good response out of it. Now was it real gear? Was a training as hard? Was like following the diet course? You know, but I never saw substantial difference when I was running, you know, those crazy amounts. I was just kind of experienced in more side effects, especially when things are training ship. People think I'm being conservative. I'm saying, you know, you don't run high amounts chat. You don't, you know? Like, so when it comes to, you know, running these compounds or talking about now, I think that also with pre-mosed world because I was running a higher threshold of it. Um, sorry, ready your high amount of it. And the response was obviously great. It's like, oh, right, you know, I'm probably using the gear that I'm actually meant to be using here, rather than actually just being pre-mosed. So, you know, so when you see you weren't in a real pre-mode, what do you think it really was, master? Man, no, I was just straddling it. Probably test. Man, like, with, with with with the, the lost all of Australia, you know, food quality's really good. The gyms are really good. The, the, the, the, the shifting arm there is the gear quality. And just contrast it. And, and especially being the area in between two weeks it's just like, like, what was I doing there for so long? Um, I don't know what it's like in a state like here in which room used, but yeah, in, in Australia, I was saying, that's, that's, that's the only downfall is the gear quality because over there as well with gear as well. It's a class one truck. So it's considered the same as like heroin and cocaine. Ice, you know, it's, it's on the same level as that because I try to look up the barkeys with it and know I kind of shoot. So, you know, when you're dealing with substances and like that, that's all that kind of same playing field, well, you know, the scarcity and the quality's going to drop. So here, we'd seen kind of the same, I mean, that weed. Um, steroids have seen kind of like weed. The police don't care, the police do it. The, everybody does it and people talk about it. Like it's no big deal. Then there's some people who have no idea and they don't know that pro athletes use steroids, but all the cops do it. It's just not a big, no one cares. You know, when it's getting arrested for using it, possession, most of the people who sell it are selling it right on the internet and they don't even get in trouble. They sell it on Instagram, nobody cares. There's four guys at the DA that are actually in charge of steroids and they're only looking to bus manufacturers. So there are four federal police officers who are looking for many of the manufacturers that's not enough to find you the endpoint drug users. So yeah, yeah. Yeah. And so because of that, everything's third party tested and Janoschik. Um, and like, so nothing's fake here. Maybe people say it is, but it's not. That's a bunch of bullshit. It's just that some people are just really bad at training, really bad at dieting. So they, and they have really shit lifestyles. And so the gear doesn't work. So they say it's fake. It's like no bitch, you're fake. You're a fake bodybuilder. Yeah, I wouldn't say, yeah. So I'll go back and tell you that as well. I wouldn't say like all the gear and Australia detects things. I would just say in consistent, you know, like it, we have good boards, you know, forums over there and and source forwards and things like that. Obviously, every kind of, you know, you can name and shame with things like that as well. And then I would just say overall in a country that's just a bit backwards and that quite a stuff. Look, and roughly so whatever. But yeah, that's, that's the least criticism I would have to actually say. That doesn't set me up. One week, this is just a shit three years as well. Not just with, um, lower amounts of gear was how lazy what I was with it. You can tell me your cardio. You can share something trying to wash it. I do it at the front of the company do it. And then with gear, um, I was lazy, man. I was, oh, I'll pin it tomorrow. And back then, you know, I was only pinning, I was only pinning once and twice a week. So I'll, I'll miss a shot. And sometimes I'd be like two or three weeks. I'd miss shots just because I was just late. Like, if I had to give you honest criticism, I was as lazy. I wasn't, I'm a scared of shots or anything like that. I'm just fucking lazy with it. That's why always in system daily shots is because when it's part of someone's ritual in the morning when they wake up or ritual before they go to bed, they never miss it. But if it's, they have to remember, did I take my shot yesterday or not? They could remember. They just say, they err on the set of caution and don't take it. You hear the stories all the time about how Lee Priest and Paul the lat would just sit there and look at a needle sitting on the coffee table and it would be there for days because they would just put off taking it because leaning over picking it up and injecting it was too much work. Dude, that was, that was, that was made and not show. Well, that was probably one of the things I picked up from John as well. Yeah, I put it in daily and the response, the response was quite increasing. You know, like it's like, people say, if you know what I coach, I do whatever day. No, I'll do it every second time. Like, well, if you go to P.G. H every day, why do you put it back to every second day? Like, what's the point? Like, you still go to P in it anyway? Oh, yeah, I guess I kind of make sense. I'm like, yeah, you're actually P in a lesser amount too. You know, so every minute now and then you're not going to call for whatever it is because you put it at that spot or whatever I'm up at your right. I find this file less risky about when you put it in every day. I mean, it's like you literally pinning every day with G.H. Just load the test and the G.H.H. and the same syringe. And people are just mind blown. Like, you never thought of that before. Like, how is that hard? That's like saying, I have to put, you've, like, this is something any sense to me that people wouldn't think of just loading the syringe with multiple compounds. I have a question to you actually. I saw this recently. I said, what was it? If people asked me all the time, when do you pin your G.H. And I've always liked pinning my G.H.H. Now, when you're talking probably about anyone who's anywhere from 12 to 15 I year, I still bang it all at night. Now, you, you put a, I think it was a real late late late late late. So you said, nine more than four of once. So, well, I wouldn't say no more at four than once. I just think that it's overkill to do more than four before but because once you hit the 30 nanogram, a nanomolar amount, I don't think that bowless is going to generate any additional IGF1. So you'll still get that, you'll have a longer area under the curve. So like in the morning, when you wake up, it's still fully there. So when you do your fast at cardio in the morning, that it's still going to work if you did six before bed, then it'd be one and a half, eight hours later. So one and a half per hundred kilograms is the amount that you'd want when you do fast cardio to get the maximum benefits. But in the end, we're talking, this is an Instagram reel. And out of my, whatever, quarter million people that see a reel in a month, I would say probably like eight of them are probati builders. He's just so it's like the majority of people who watch these are people who have never used GH. They just are fighting entertaining and interesting. So the 99.9% of the guys out there never going to use more than four GH. So just shoot all of them, but it shoot it all before bed. But if you say that, shoot it all before bed, then probati builders such as yourself, would you 12 to 15 units? They're going to be like, well, does that apply to me? Because that's what the Sarah Stim directions are for AIDS patients. This is the student 18 units before bed. And if you don't, if you're tired, then if you're tired or you have side effects to 18 units every other day. And then there's idiots out there who are saying, well, that's the way it should be used. It's like, no, you stupid assholes. They do that because they know the patients are so fucking lazy or dumb. They can't be trusted to do too shot. Correct. Or can't be trusted to take half the bottle one day and half the bottle the next. Sarah, to cut you off, right? Sarah, to cut you off. But that's why, right? Whenever I see someone come to me or any of the words that's walking about, I'm sub-Q injections, bro. I don't know about you, but sub-Q injections, that's one thing I can't stand because they come out and they say, you know, you can pin you gear sub-Q, do you pin your L-Card, it's even sub-Q, do you pin your G8 sub-Q? I'm like, put it into the fucking muscle. I've always said that. I've always said put it into the muscle. And always say that that's the reason why they do it because I personally think doctors, right? They have to assume that, you know, people out there smart to be injected because people we do it as pro-quoting, it's an everyday thing for us, right? The normal person, like when I first started pinning gear, I'll look at the needle just for, you know, an hour like a couple of them going to put the suit and a couple of them going to put the suit in, you know. So you don't think for the normal person, I doesn't try and do any kind of cosmetic effect. They're going to be shooting themselves saying, oh shit, I'm going to put this in. It's just easier to put it in a belly fat. Um, the people, it's so simple. The patient looks in the mirror. They can only see what they see in the mirror. And they usually have a bunch of fat on their abdomen. So if you just inject the fat on your abdomen, you have the drug that's dispersed to bumps the most amount of fat. It has the least amount of chance of skin to crows us. But in somebody who's lean and injecting sub-Q is going to do a lot of damage on the skin. And that because the majority of people are so fat, they don't know that. So you've got two different populations. You've got the fat slob who's trying to do HRT versus you've got a pro bodybuilder with 5% body fat. There's no advantage to doing sub-Q. That idea is just because most patients are so fat, there's no way they could ever inject the muscle. They're covered in a layer of blubber, like a whale or a seal. So tell me this, right? If you're the only option. If you want to come out, right, and go back onto the GH side of things, right? My pushback on that would be the chance of insulin resistance. Because obviously when you're eating so much throughout the day and then say if a bodybuilder was pinning GH in multiple times a day, then you get the argument of, you know, guys are saying, I mean, what if you pin it, you know, say, pre-work it out because it takes a long time for it to sit in. So you know, it's going to be working, that after training some guys, I'm not pititriously after training, that's when you get in the device. You know, when you're having it before meals, you know, that's the big question I get with a lot of, like say, my cup average is coming to one of us because a lot of it is inferior, it's a lot of it also conflicting. Like, what's your up on your point of view on it? So I've done a continuous glucose monitor and I've changed the GH levels of 25 units before bed and five units before bed and my glucose on the GGM was no different. There is absolutely zero point, zero percent change to my blood glucose with the amount of GH I used or when I used it, had no bearing whatsoever. Possibly possibly during the day, if I had GH and then had a meal, I'd have more of a glucose response than normal. But my average glucose throughout the day doesn't change when I have eight units before bed or two, two and four. They average glucose for the 24-hour period is the same. Yeah, so then I would come back inside as well, like, wouldn't have much of it when you say possibly. What it's still be possible, though, if you're running things like this, like the insulin, I really treat you, sure. I'd like one thing, I'm a huge general. I always get 10 minutes of active steps after meals as well to help. I digest your obviously a couple of blood sugars as well. I think if you're a huge fan of really true shredding and doing this 10-minute walks, I said, if you're hitting them consistently, like you're in the middle of the morning and you're doing your 10-minute walks post meal, I don't think you could take your GH really. I don't give people what I'm trying to say, I don't give people like I said, time to be taking it, I just say look like you're going to be more consistent if you're having your, you know, say, you know, all before bed and you want to have another shop say, pre-workout, well, you did want to have a postwork and a what if you think works best for you and that's fine. As long as you're kind of keeping those other variables put in place to help stabilize blood sugars. So you got two different points, like, are you trying to generate a GF1 or are you trying to liberate fat? So if you're trying to liberate fat, then using one and a half units every two hours is the best way to do it. If you're trying to stimulate IGF1, then you would take eight units in the day and four units before bed and that would get the 30-metre, but you'd be exhausted. If you shot eight units first when thinking you woke up, you'd be narcoleptic most likely as soon as you started having carbs. The IGF1 would be so high that it would just shuttle all the carbs and bloodstream. See what's funny is people look at the GH and isolation, which is retarded. They're saying, oh, GH causes you to shift blood glucose towards the blood. So that it would make you shift sugar towards the blood, whatever. It's going to drive up your blood sugar. It's like, hold that, hold that, hold that, hold that, the GH also converts to IGF1 and the IGF1 drives the glucose into the muscle. Directives. So the net effect, if you're having enough estrogen and insulin, is that you will be tired from GH, not hyper from GH. So that's why, with me, if I take four units at GH in the morning, I'm exhausted. There's no fucking way I have high blood glucose. I can barely move until I have another meal or two. I don't get my blood glucose up high enough to where I can even go to the gym. I'm too tired because my blood glucose is so low because my IGF1 is so high from blasting GH when I woke up. Yeah, I've, I've, I thought there was just, I've never experienced that high, high blood glucose field and people talk about it. I've never actually personally had it. I've just kind of kept him as simple as I can. And really, as simple as I can, really not for the, the mitigating fat part or the driving the IGF part, like I said, my weakness is the consistency of shots. That's where it's like, if I just do my shot at night, it's better than me. Oh, yeah, shoot us with having the morning and forgot. I'll have it to my eye. I'll wait for the morning. I just tend to, you know, for me personally, that's mine. That's why I biggest weakness. But yeah, I get people with the die hearts coming, especially people with the end of sure you get a crazy probably even more than me coming and saying, oh, you know, I'm, I'm sure you have to be writing this. So that or whatever, it's like, look, I think if you're running開 of those fire mats anywhere, right? I think if it's more so you're just going to be getting a GH, you GH in at some point. Yeah. So that's why I said in that video, first for units before bed, units five and six first thing in the morning, units seven and eight before training. Are you, be coaching that? I think I have a business partner, me and Dr Dodson. We have, I think right now 75 active clients to check in. And then we'll continue this. No, they're mostly HRT people or just lawyers, accountants, that kind of thing. We have probably 10 competitive athletes, 10 competitive bodybuilders, a couple of power lifters, a couple of strongmen, competitive runners, like that. McSten and how do you, how do you person do with competitors, if the thing on yourself? Everybody's pretty easy. So we haven't worked out where the check-in's go via email and they're not to be anything that be hip evaluations. No medical conversations or had via email. And then for anything medical or training related, the person's supposed to call me. I'm the only coach I know that does phone calls. So no text messages to me, no voice messages just to me, no emails to me because that's all a hip evaluation. That's prison time. But they can call me on the phone and talk to me at any time they want. That this phone's always on to not disturb. But every 30 minutes at least, I check to see if I missed any calls. And I call people back. And how does that go with affecting your talk? Because obviously, you're like, for me, I've actually tried to be our wife and coals because I thought they could take advantage of that. I don't because I'm so blunt and straightforward that I'm just, if someone's blithering, I'm like, hold on, be concise. You know, like a lot of people, they'll take a paragraph. When all they have to say is, how much G8 should I have in the morning versus night? Something very simple like that. And I could tell them, like last night, some guy was saying, is it okay if I mix? I say yes. He's like, is it okay if I mix? I said yes. Is it okay if I mix the drugs in the same syringe? I'm like, I guess the reason I said yes twice already is because the answer is yes. The verb mix can only have one application. I knew what you're saying with the verb mix. This is not a unique question. All of you guys ask the same questions. So I know what you're going to ask as soon as you start asking. That's why I don't need to hear the whole question. And then they get the flow of the conversation, like I don't need a lot of information. I just need the keyword. Give me the keyword and I know exactly what your question is. Like a search engine. And when I'm not in prep, I'm more verbal. But like if I'm on prep, that's how I am. And some people get blood sore. And some people, like competitors, don't get blood sore. But the people who've never done anything hard in their whole life, they just don't understand it at all. Everything for them is social. It's all butterflies and rainbows for them. They don't know what it's like. I get that. I get that. And until we this, he's why I just just popped my head because obviously, the video with competitors. And obviously, having no one else coming in for my Instagram. Because in the past few years, I find people now open and talking about the year and things like that. So people come in and I'm like, it's like I've committed a crime because I have a new one. I said in gear, whatever it is. Things like running 19 Norse for example, because everyone wants to know, because they, they obviously, you would have to read that. But we hold the most side effects on average compared to other compounds, right? I always say with 19 Norse, I like to use them as something to kind of boost your cycle in the same field as I would say in oral, right? You run them for short periods of time. And you'll come up to them, your short periods of time. But you might have your kind of base cycle where you might be using tests, masks, tests that you might, you know, you make your mask and mask and pre-mo in there, whatever it is. And then what I'll do is as my base from there, I'm going to hit it for four weeks. Then I'll put a four week jump in, say MVP or a trend or what it would have right be, right? And then I'll come off it. For me, when I'm using that, for example, I'm feeling I'm getting great benefits out of it before the side effects you're really taking in. And obviously keeping them more in a marker, dosing base point, I'm getting the best benefit out of it. But I'm still coming off of ever lying on the base cycle to kind of keep pushing me through, whereas if you're running things like trend for say four weeks, when I was young, I'd run it for four weeks and you're, oh, shit man, this is such an amazing, right? I'm going to keep running it, you know, what a reality. If I just had that bit of a, a bridge off it and then put it back in, I'll probably see a level benefit out of it, which is why someone like me, I'm not actually against any of those compounds is what I was saying maybe a year ago, where I'd time to have a touch and then. Now it's like, no, I'm actually old for them if you don't have to use them correctly, right? What's your view when I come through and say something like that? I'm opposed to short acting drugs, and I don't like the idea of cycling. I like the idea of, you start with the test base and the GH, you dial it in, so you get your estrogen and IGF1 just, right? Then the next little thing is you introduce DHB as much as you can handle before your liver doesn't like it, roll back to the safe dose. Then the next drug, if Master on was available, I would say Master on, if Master on is not available, I would say run 10 milligrams of Trun and Nathate and just 10 like 10 milligrams of DHB, 10 milligrams of Trun and Nathate, right there, that's the equivalent of like 100 milligrams of Master on. Yeah. And then from there, if you still need more and your cholesterol can handle it, you could use anovar pre-training or anodrol pre-training if your liver can handle it, but I mean, really, why are using anodrol if your liver's healthy, you could just use more DHB. And then there's, so I don't see a point in every using short acting. I think Trun acetate is where the mood swings come from. Trun and Nathate, there's no mood swings. I think that NPP is a nightmare, but I thought DACA was amazing. I used DACA for years, loved it. But NPP every time I've used it, it was a shit show. It causes a guino. As soon as you get the 30 milligrams a day, it causes guino, no matter what else I'm doing. And so I like the longer act, maybe 20 milligrams of DACA could be thrown in. So you're on by this point, 10 DHB to 20 DHB, 10 Trun, 20 DACA, 25 Anovar pre-training. I think you could stay on that forever. And then if you need more anabillism, then you start using Master on as your white rice. You just keep dialing up the Master on just like you dial up white rice. Eventually you're going to start gaining weight. If you're gaining weight, but you're looking soft, it's too much rice pull back on the rice turn up the Master on. If you're getting harder, but you're not gaining weight, you're on the right amount of Master on, but you need more white rice turn up the white rice. But white rice and Master on are your two variables. Once you have your carbs, once you get your protein fat, test GH, DHB, Trun, and pre-work on anabill. Master on is like white rice. You can issue as much as you want. Nothing's going to happen. Yeah, interesting. So then Beth Boy, you wouldn't be a fan of somebody like Tristan Learn. I've never used it. I've never used it up. I plan on doing three milligrams a day in the off season and then going up to five and working as much as maybe 10 to even 15 a day. So I'm going to start with about 21 a week and I'll tie trade up to as much as maybe 100 a week and see what happens. Okay, so how come is that you keep the doses of visual parents who are advertising and picked on it? I've never used it. So I don't know. That means generally, I'm just putting in your hands in general. So with the DHB, I've already mapped out where my liver can handle. With Trun, I don't want to risk the brain damage of taking 10 milligrams of active trend based a day for long term and you get a huge benefit from even a tiny amount of trend and no drawbacks. It's like people don't understand like you get a fuck ton of benefit from a little bit of trend. But after 50 milligrams of Trun a day, there's nothing really that's happening right there. It seems that between 10 to 50 every 10 points, there's a huge increase from 50 to 100 trend. I've never seen any benefits and I start feeling sick if I go over 100 Trun a day. So I think the sweet spot for Trun is somewhere between 30 and 50 a day. And I like a NAF-thate more than, but 50 Trun a day, a NAF-thate is really only 30 Trun acetate a day. Yeah, so you have to take that in consideration. Trun is like 90% pure. Trun acetate is like 90% pure. Whereas Trun and AF-thate is like 60% pure. So you have to use more Trun and AF-thate to get the same results. That's why these meat heads, they think that Trun acetate stronger than Trun and AF-thate is like no you guys suck at math. You're not, you're doing one to one. It's not one to one. Yeah, it's right. It's three to five. Three, 30 units of Trun acetate is 50 units of Trun and AF-thate. Because I'm already beat on DHB the last six weeks. She's working with Jamie. Mm-hmm. Ben's fucking horses, man. That's one that's like, oh, I wish I was using this earlier. That's like, yeah, that's definitely taking taking me over as far as you know, I was driving around, say pre-motes, 12 months ago. DHB right there. That's, that's, that's the one that that's the one. But I'm running, I'm running 50 milligrams of that a day. I haven't had any problems with my liver or anything. All right, cool. Are they testing your GG tier just your ALTA? GG, GG, GG, GG, GG, GG, GG, GG, this is all you. And what's that coming back at? Ah, I'm getting actually another wild test on this, um, this Thursday morning, dude, over here, they come to your house. They come into your house. They put you down. I'm getting the IB drips down as well. But they come into your house. I don't have to go there. The doctor is up there into clinic. Nothing. So I can't remember one of my last one. It was within range. My ALTA and ASC actually was just out. But I don't know about you, but, you know, you're the dog here right. But I find when your ALTA, ASC, it's just out. I've never seen a problem with that. I think it was about five points out of it from memory. But yeah, that was on the earlier stages where I was using DHB. So I thought I'd get another test now just to come and see where it's kind of pulling through. But um, yes, far as like the response that my body's getting from it, it's fucking amazing. That's one that that definitely hidden Jen that people aren't talking about. So my DHB, my GGT was 24 with zero DHB. After a month of 10 milligrams, so I hit steady-state concentration at 10. I had a 37 GGT. Then I did a loading dose of 100 a day for three days, so that I'd hit steady state of 30. And I cruised at 30 for a month. My GGT came back as an 85. Wow. So I pulled the DHB completely. And then a month later it came back as a 222. So I think that since DHB takes a long time to mount more than four weeks. And because GGT has a two-week half-life, there's a huge tail to it. So we don't really know. If you've only been on it for a month, it could be your liver might be really damaged, but GGT won't even show you. Yeah, okay. I didn't know that. So so 50 a day is an astronomical amount. I'd say the person who knows the most about DHB in the world is Project Chavez. And he never runs people over 200 a week, which is about 30 a day. And I know that 30 a day is too much for my body to handle. So I think my sweet spot was 10 milligrams of DHB per day. Yeah, right. Okay. Yeah, but I was also running. I was also running shred. Well, you shouldn't do it without getting blood work first because there's people who can run 100 DHB a day and they don't have any. They say they don't have any liver damage, but who knows if they order GGT or not. So also if you're getting IV, glutathione regularly, maybe you'll never have a problem. Maybe that's the key. If you're going to use DHB, you got to get IV to glutathione and then it's armor. But it seems that DHB is slightly more energetic than just pure DHT, whereas AstraZeneca is less energetic than pure DHT. But DHB is three times as antibiotic as a master on a test, which would make it four to five times more antibiotic than pure mo. So taking 50 DHB a day would be the equivalent taking 250 pure mo a day or like 1700 pure mo a week. Yeah, which which I've done, I've done around two grams of pure mo. Now what was your estrogen like with two grams of pure mo? Shut up. Okay. That's why I don't like pure mo because that I always think it's funny people. The guys who are pushing pure mo are also pushing cereostrum. So you're paying an enormous amount of money for this fancy SGH that doesn't do anything special. It's just more money. Then you're paying enormous amount of money for this fancy as testosterone, wannabe, that makes the GH not work. So you're spending all this money for fancy GH and then you're taking, spending all this money on pre mo and the pre mo kills your estrogen. So you're not getting any AGF one out of the GH. That was the biggest thing I noticed being on pre mo. It was more so at the time because you are a state leaner, you're never even more visible because you're the heat to as low as there's water and the body things like that. Yeah, that's what you caught up with. They're actually thinking back here. Like at the time it, zero sex drive, you know. And you just think, you know, whatever it's just short term temporary, come good or whatever it goes. But yeah, like it wasn't till I kind of, you know, started juicing masks more, tapered back on the pre mo and especially things like, yeah, like, these are way healthier now on the on the on the on the sixth drive front. Since I haven't been using pre mo. But yeah, using using high minutes of that definitely that was that was the biggest thing I noticed. Yeah, and it's a shame that masks drive so hard to get in the US now. That's why I did the DHB experiment was like, what what is a neutral compound that doesn't crush your estrogen that people can use and DHB was what I found. But again, it's highly liver toxic in me and probably in a lot of other people. But I didn't, yeah, I didn't know about the with family, GUT the, the long acting effective out in realizing takes two or half weeks to keep building. Yeah, it just mounts like a motherfucker. Yeah, right. It's not that one going and going. So yeah, it's kind of like that when you look at a star, the light that's entering your eyeball is so old, the star might have already blown up. And it could be like several billion years ago that light, yeah, yeah, yeah, and now it's hitting your eye. The erotic eye. Like your GGGGT is like what happened two months ago. Yeah, so because I've always had a good of on on injections. I get the memory every every month or three months. So I'm getting that done that afternoon. So I'm getting the blood tests stressed in the morning. Then obviously they come back later on the afternoon and hook it up. But it's tick man. Like you said, things like the violet light, like it's like all that kind of stuff, you just everything's home delivered back. Maybe you want that regard like everyone's coming to your house, you know, it's sweet. You never have to leave. It's just perfect for fucking bodybuilding, you know. But what would you suggest about now, obviously, looking at that on a hypothetical base point, you know, I'm going to come back, you know, my GGT's, you know, it might be a lot higher than what it was, obviously, just tapering it back. Um, or would you say if it is as high as what we think it could be, how do you completely? Because I know with certain compounds, it may not be a good idea just to shut the anthines all the ones as well, you know? So with Matt, okay, so the thing about DHB is it's like master on is that there's no special benefits. There's no extra stuff that it does. It's just anabolic. So literally you can just swap out 10 milligrams of DHB. For 30 milligrams of master on it's pretty much the same thing. Yeah, right. Where is something like anovar has some special properties like an increases collagen synthesis. It can theoretically liberate some fat cells. It might actually decrease TBG. It might decrease CBG, you know, wind stroke has a ton of extra benefits, but that are good for anabolic, but good for looking good on stage. Trend has a ton of extra benefits like increase IGF1 conversion, but it has a downside of decreased collagen synthesis. That's not the case. DHB and master on or almost interchangeable is just DHB's three times the amount of transcription at the DNA level of master on. You know what I said before about how I like to spice out things like 19 knots, right? And I said to people, you know, four weeks at a time, and then I'll come off for four weeks and four weeks back on. Provided give the stars a line, blood works, good, etc, etc. Now when I was referring to something like trend, that's actually what I was referring to. Also the brain damage side of things as well, right? Because you know, you run training, you think, oh yeah, it's great. I've had changed running the longer whatever it is. Now I know you're not a fan of interchanging things like you just said before, but you also did just say that as well, that you don't even run trend for an extended period of time for the brain damage side of things. So for me, it's like the four weeks spot. For most people, as you said, we can run things for longer or whatever it is. But for most people, you know, the average competitor, especially when I'm talking and about things like trend, you know, four weeks at a time. You know, what would be your kind of sweet spot? But it comes to that when we're talking about the brain damage side of things. Well, I don't really buy into the brain damage shed because I've ran as I've ran 100, trying to day for six months at a time before and I didn't get any dumber. So I don't know how much brain damage it caused. I don't think it's significant. So I'm just trying to be just just, well, that's sorry. For me, it's more so when people come back and say, you know, the side effects of your my mood swings, I'm getting angry, I'm getting this, my lack of sleep, you know, which again, this is my personal take and don't take the words out of your mouth. Dude, I've run up to a grandma trying to week, right? It wasn't a good time, right? It was, I would never do it again. I've never got two weeks. But I've done, I've done an impreption for anywhere from five to seven hundred mega trend before. Now, people will come back and say, oh, I've thought did that much. I get the brain damage out. I'm referring to like, you know, the anger in the fucking the, all that kind of shit. Now, the people running those kind of dosies in my opinion, where they're getting ready for shows, they usually lack you sleep anyway, because your blood sugar is a low-cube waking up through the night anyway, right? Trends are going to help with that, because we're on you sleep. You know, they usually hungry, they usually tired, they're pissed off, right? So, and they're using trend acetate, which I always say find as well, gives more of those out of the head because it's very up and down effect. So, that's the question I kind of come back and ask to the return of the question. It's like, okay, isn't really the trend that's given you the so-called my version of brain damage. I call it, or is it the fact that you have the, all these other variables put in place where you're tired, you have to do cardio, and your muscles are left because, you know, you've got a boring life's all the body, you know, all those kind of shit, right? That's, that's causing this kind of so-called brain damage. You don't know me, so that's why, that's why I'm just kind of giving you some context there when, in the fact that I don't actually mean like making you dommoral, like actual brain damage, but you know what I mean, it's like the side effects of what everyone talks about with trend. So, we just need a different shape between brain damage, which would be nerve-under and psychiatric symptoms. So, you're talking about the psychiatric, yeah, yeah, yeah, it sounds amazing. I think the psychiatric symptoms come from using trend acetate, which most of these dumbasses do 100 milligrams every other day, so they have this huge blast of trend on Monday and then nothing on Tuesday, then a huge blast to trend on Wednesday, then nothing on Thursday. So, their levels are all over the fucking place and it's extremely neurologically active. Then, they're also not sleeping, so they're getting sleep and do psychotic, sleep, to prepare for his shins psychosis. So, they're getting psychotic, like actual psychosis, like paranoid delusional schizophrenia is what I used to get because I was so sleep deprived that I think people are plotting against me. And so, I would want it, I needed to destroy them before they destroyed me and I needed to eliminate them. Yeah, like, and so I'm plotting to kill people and stuff along on prep. And I knew it was because of the trend. So, I have to make a deal with myself. I'm like, I'm not going to actually kill them until after a month after prep. And so, I'd plot it out. I'd like to see where they live. I'd keep track of their times that they leave work. And when they're coming home, picking my, I like I have the screwdriver that I'm going to use. Go, so I'm going to end it in the brain. Yeah, because you don't want to use a weapon because then people look like a murder weapon. But if you use a tool, like a hammer or a screwdriver, you can clean it and stick it with the rest of your tools and no one's ever going to think that's a murder weapon. And then stuff like that. Not, not, not, not the you've gone to the depth thinking about at least maybe you'd like a purge. All the time. All the time. It's like pre-bying tarps and twine from different home depots with cash. You know, like so that like it's not like you're going in with a credit card and buy a bunch of shit to dispose of a body all at once. Yeah, I'd be saying later someone who's missing. No, you just stack a pile. It's like twine chicken wire. Yeah, you've been on it on. I'm not having time yet. Yeah, just a little bit. And so I would do that for months just plotting on killing a certain person. And then after the show, the trend goes back to normal and I'm like, I don't even kill that guy. He's a rat. What, what's the next prep? Yeah. Yeah. It's like at least let it wait five years. So there's no motive. Yeah. He'll still be there to kill later. No one's going to kill him first. But that's what I mean. I think all the, all the sarcastic things that come out with it. It's always being judged at a very inconsistent thought. Like you can. Like even when you're not on trap in the middle of the prep and you're in that back end, you can't be judging someone. You know, if someone has a crack at you, whatever it is, like, you know, one of my staff members now, she's a pro Buddhist physique, right? And she had a crack at me about something. She's not on trying to anything, but she had a crack at me about something just just work related. And I'm like, yeah, you're the little bit more snappy because, you know, you're the back end of prep, you know, it is. I know exactly how it is. You know, so I'll find a lot of these guys, especially as well, you also put into the mix of the fact that I bought you what it's meant, like body moves are insecure. You know, that's why we're doing it in the first place, right? There's always some sort of insecurity in there as well. So I find all these things start to really kind of level up and gravitate, especially towards that back end, you know, so that's where I feel, train also gets a really bad name. Well, I just know that whenever I use in the offseason, I used to run between a thousand and 1,400 deco week and about 20 milligrams of train a day, all offseason for years, never had any mood swings, never had any problems. It was totally calm all the time. I found that I got better results when I switched to 800 DACA 800 EQ and used like 20 train a day and 25 an of our day. That was like a really good approach. But after John Jewett's university and I learned that estrogen was needed for edge of one conversion, I was like, that's why my IGF one's always 174 no matter the fact that I'm using eight units of GH and I switched to using like 60 milligrams of test a day and two units of GH and I got a 300 IGF one for the first of my life. I'm like, okay. Yeah, John was right. Yeah, that was right. Yeah, that was a big manipulation. Obviously, back in with Wads as well was he was always looking because we know that test isn't the, you know, the bail and I know like it wasn't the old school, but it definitely has a place as well for helping manipulate basic age-to-age, age-to-age levels. Yeah. So for me to get a 55-estrodial, I have to use 80 train a test a day. 80 test a day is a 55-estrodial, which is more than I say in my videos, which is 20 to 40 milligrams. But that's an estimate based off of HRT patient. Yes. Yes. Yeah. That the HRT patients don't have a hundred pounds of muscle or more. So I've got more receptors. So it takes more testosterone to get the same results. There's less test to eromatize because I don't have it just, I have more muscle to fat ratio. Yeah. If I was a big ball of fat that all the testosterone were just converted to estrogen. Yeah, I had some guys that are like, they're young guys and they're like, they're not fat, but they have no muscle at all. So like 20 milligrams of testosterone and they've got like an 80-estrodial and they start getting gyno. So you've got to run like 10 milligrams and test in them and then use the rest of it as DHB or master on everybody can't handle tests because they're just too squishy. Yeah, that's right. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's like cartmen. You couldn't give cartmen testosterone. Not a way. Not, not without using a cute balance. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Awesome. I'm going to have go flop the cell on this iPad. I'm going to cut it out. Oh, shit. It's about to die, huh? All right, but well, I had a good time chatting with you. It's cool that we got into the talk a little shop. What's unfortunate is I really wanted to talk more about the, um, what should you do for training? And what should you do? Sorry. I had in contests, prepping stuff like that, but we can do another time. Yeah, because I know I'll not be talking about my training in nutrition matters. I'll be changing hate to several galaxies months. Sorry. Why don't we do it hard to, let's just do it next week. Does this work Tuesday next week? Let's do it next week. Next week Tuesday, 10 a.m. My time. I think it is, what do you call it? 5 p.m. a year or a time or something like that? I'll do, I'll do part trucking three, four frogs. Just like a free console for me, man. Oh, fuck yeah. Oh, that's where I'm, I'm very not able to save it. That's really nice to you to say. No, I'm, I got my attitude. I'm just taking the end of our year. Yeah, I prefer to talk about training in nutrition. We just didn't get into it, because it was like, oh, man, he's a big primo guy. I got to hear his take on this. So it's cool that what we had this conversation, but I really want to do the training in nutrition. So let's do it next week, same bat time, same bat channel, and I'll talk to you later, Sam. Thanks for coming on. No, brother, awesome. Part two next week. Talk to you then. All right, cool. See you then. Cheers, brother.

You're watching Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. How I fixed my knee. This is Todd Lee, a medical doctor, I have BB Pro Bodybuilder and Biochemist. And this is how I fixed my knee. You want to know how to hurt my knee. I did something I never do. And I gave myself a quad injection. I did use oil or nothing crazy. I did use some giant s-arpone. I instead of taking an insulin syringe and filling it up with test and GH and then putting in my shoulder. Like I'm supposed to. I just like a dummy. I was like, let's do it with the patients too. And I shot myself in the quad. And then what happened is it caused the phage to then glued down to that scar tissue. And then it caused the knee to get out of alignment. And so I ended up pulling something a minor tear in my lateral quadricep where it meets the tendon. So in the process of fixing that, the fatality tend to too much tension. And then the process of fixing that, my medial quadricep tend so the pain started moving around my knee. So what I did to fix it. So one, I bought squat shoes. I already said squat shoes. But I bought these. Oh, these are kind of shit. This doesn't make much sense. But anyway, I have a wrong squat shoes. So I had, um, bought these squat shoes. They're going to be in the video I drop. That's the 15 weeks out video where I talk about the squat shoes quite a bit. But I basically bought some squat shoes. And then I took the part and I put me a Frankenstein out of multiple different squat shoes and versus a wedge is. And I found the exact perfect blend of squat shoe pitch with them having the soul of a different squat shoe. And then I had multiple versus wedges from different types and different densities. And I turned it into a squat shoe that I can wear around the town. And I said, I do these things. Boy and or I can just slide in one additional versus wedge to make it a very steep squat shoe. Or I can add in additional wedges to make it a ridiculously steep squat shoe. So it's like a modular squat shoe that can be modified as such. So that's one. So that way I'm able to control exact pitch of my of my heel so that my heel never comes up. Not that it did when I got hurt. But that was part one. I know a lot of you guys don't do that too is I wear knee sleeves. But I always wear knee sleeves. But now I put butcher bomb on my knees and then put the knee sleeves on that heat makes the butcher bomb sink in better. Then I switched from training twice a week with three sets of leg extensions and two sets of some type of hacksquad or leg press to training three times a week of just loving extensions doing single leg extensions three times a week. Then I started injecting TB500 and BPC and GHKCU. I was doing one milligram of each per day and then dominant cruis suggested that I go up to five milligrams once basically an I've assumed that and the days were hurt. I would do five milligrams of TB500 and doing it that way doing the bolus on the days that I actually made it hurt like I did legs and the next day maybe my quads were one insouriness and my knee was two insouriness I would inject it and then over time it got to be the point where the quadger one insouriness the knee was the one in the soreness then the quadger one in the soreness and the knees were zero insouriness then I started adding in instead of regular slots sets I added in cluster sets. This is something I got from Drew Donaldson and the DDT method podcast is you do six sets of four with a three second arrest in between the four sets so you would do four reps, racket, take I do this this way because it's too hard to look at a timer they don't have like clocks on the wall where it's got digital it's just like a normal two hands or no second hands. So I take three V breaths so let's time it out right now it's a 22 seconds exactly 10 seconds and I feel like I had it and I feel energized woo woo like oxygen fucking oxygen water and salt amazing this shit that I can tell you to do it when you do it you blow your fucking mind how amazing oxygen water and salt art you think it's derriger had cool wigs you have oxygen water and salt so three deep breaths then you do four more reps then you do three repeat breaths then you do four more reps and you do three deep breaths and you just keep doing that until you get 24 fucking reps it's awful but here's the trick you use a weight you could do 15 times and you get 24 reps with it so it's called the cluster set you end up failing or coming near failure like four fucking times the first two were relatively easy the third fourth are hard and the fifth and the sixth are nightmare and then if you can get all 24 reps then you probably should add maybe 5% to percent to five percent of the load so I was doing that every other workout so if I was doing legs if you saw my split video I was doing upper lower upper lower upper lower I'm the lowers it would be Wednesday and Sunday and then the next week it would be Friday and then the next week it would be Sunday and when and Friday and then the next week it would be Wednesday and Sunday and you see what I'm saying is it's every other leg day I would do one cluster set after the three sets of leg extensions that's it and that's how my knee got better not doing shit that hurt it finding a way of doing leg extensions it didn't hurt the knee and then taking care of the knee so what I didn't get hurt I injected it with I didn't inject the knee anymore because I find when injected the tendon with the BPC the injection itself causes more inflammation so I just gave up on the BPC I used the BPC that was in the butcher bomb because those tendons are right on the surface you don't need to inject them the butcher bomb will penetrate them and then I relied on the butcher bomb for the BPC and I used the GHCCU and the TB500 and injections the GHCCU I do want two milligrams every day the TB500 I would just do five on the days where I hurt it the mall which is generally be at the beginning after the cluster sets and then pretty much after that it just went away so right now I'm able to do two or three sets of just squat press it's not a lot of way don't get me wrong but I'm able because I had no choice but to really target those lateral quads now when I train my quads I only feel my lateral quads I don't feel my mid-medial quads I don't feel my adductors I don't feel my knees I don't feel my glutes I don't feel my hamstrings I don't feel my ankles my feet my calves I'm using such lightweight I can literally target just my lateral quads the other thing I want to point out to get my lateral is my feet aren't like this they're not even like this they're like this they're right under my hips and point straight forward and I'm internally rotating my femur it's almost like I'm pigeon-tooled but I'm not I'm almost put my feet in almost a pigeon-tool and then I rotate I don't rotate out I put my feet like normal and I rotate in and so and it able to let targets the lateral quads the other thing is you don't go super deep and of course if your heels come up it completely destroys it. It transforms all the force towards the medial quad and the knee the other thing is you probably heard that oh it's the angle of the knee that matters to most the angle of the knee matters the most for the medial quad not the lateral quad the lateral quad does not need to go that much below parallel so you can do I mean I've got this watch you so I go pretty fucking deep my ass goes below parallel this is definitely would I get I get white lights at a powerlifting me but but since I'm not trying to target my glutes I stop before I hit my bottom I don't go as deep as I can go I have complete control and I'm working the middle 60% of the range emotion so I'm never locking out of the top and I'm never going as deep as I can so I'm working the lateral quads and I can feel it trace itself from the outside near the knee to the outside near the hip but it doesn't transfer to the butt if it transferred to the butt it's too deep it says simple that's how it fixed many I hope you found this useful may the force be with you. Great news I am now partnered with Talon Wellness Talon Wellness will be able to provide you your medication so you get your consult with me I will review a blood work you got through M&M labs and Talon will be the HRT clinic that will get you your medication delivered to your home so there's nothing that changes on your part all you do the same thing you get the consult with me link is in the description box and I take care of everything it's just that now it is now a different HRT clinic and the lab process is going to be even smoother the prices will also be lower than they were with the previous HRT company so this is all good for everyone you'll love it click the link in the description box to set up your consult today and on with the show

We're here! You're watching Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. You're watching Dr. Todd Lee TV. I'm going to try to lift with Martin. If he's too busy, that's cool. We can do legs tomorrow and upper body, Friday or Saturday. Saturday I think. Thanks man. Okay, so this is huge. Hold my god, this is a big chip. Wow, look how big this is. It's a lot of stress. All right, so we got not a list. That looks like that. This looks like this would be cool. Is this a new track? There's a pendulum. All right, now we're cooking. So I've checked out most of the leg and chest and back stuff. Hold these legs up all the way. Hold it around. All right, let's go check out the other leg stuff. So this, I would definitely want to do this machine for back. Yeah, we'll back today, of course. Just, you know, like that definitely want to do that for back up. And then there was one that that for back, that for back. That right, there's probably enough back. And then there's tons of shut stuff. Then there's the pendulum. Yeah, there's this pendulum slot and then there's another one there. I think there's another one. Let's go check this leg curl. Leg extension. Oh shit. Look at this. It's big red. Yeah, I want it. We'll fuck dude. What do you think that one? I guess that's one form of pendulum. It's like a pendulum. Yeah. Dude, every gym. There's another pendulum there. Oh my god. Like you've got more equipment in one gym than we have in our whole state. What the fuck? So overwhelming, right? Yeah, it's crazy. Wow. Fiking press. I've been using this one since the old gym. It's almost like an iron workout. It's a waste of a workout because it's so simple. It's just some cable stuff. But I wanted to check everything out in advance before I knew exactly what I'd be doing when I got here for legs and chest and back. So normally what I do for arms is I do a cable, press down, try set. Then I usually do a dumbbell preacher. Then I usually do an overhead thing. But I usually pull a chair up so I can actually lean into it. And then I usually end with Beijing curls. So it's pretty much all cables except for oh my god. Looked there's more equipment. How do they not see that should hit before? This is okay, like this, this, this, this, on the whole workout right here. We can do the whole workout right here. There's no one here. Not right now. It does get pretty busy now. When you got all your leg curls, leg extensions, lying leg curls, donkey calf. I like the donkey calf the best. Yeah. So see that standing in donkey calf. More leg curls, more leg curls. This is what I usually use. Nice. Oh, this is a cable. Yep. Oh, this looks awesome. Finally, in a piece of arm equipment. We're definitely going to use this for my steps. Oh, and then laterals, I'll do shoulders to the guy in the day. I did shoulder gesture, didn't really do anything. This looks amazing. Yep. You point in all of all the things that I use most right here. That doesn't stretch. I'll just end up a bit. Yeah, I don't know what we're going to do with this. We get shorter handle. Yeah, maybe it hits. There's no tension either of a monothlik. None of them have tension in the bottom. Let's just go dumb dumb balls. Actually, let's do try steps first then. I'm then warming it up. And I got short arms. So if I had longer arms would be even less useful. Yeah. Do you know where the chairs are? Like the portable chairs? We sum over here? All the way over there. Over there by the other dumbbells. There you go. It's kind of ready. All you got my right hand. I got mine right here. If you like a rope, this is a really comfortable rope handle. I usually go with these because if I squeeze it, it hurts my elbow. But you can do it on that one if you want. I mean, I'm not in a hurry. Obviously, it's an arm workout. We got all day. Yeah, some of this stuff's a little ready. But the way chairing is going to be. Cross body like this. Someone recognized me over there. It's cool. Yeah. You said I helped him a lot. Not going to lie. This feels really good. It feels really good like that. Better than this. Now. I got one that's got elastic in it. I can feel this fucking crazy. Yeah, there's a few people around here up top two about you. That my recognized you if they were here. Your channels grow and so I mean, I wouldn't be surprised to see people all the time in a gym that know you. I'm going to grab the other handle. I've got another handle. This be better than that. What is this type of music called? I have no idea about this. Okay. To me, it's not as bad as rap. No, it's usually rap. Oh, okay. Yeah, this is a head drum stem. This is where I'm the hurry, even as well. Do one I would try. All right, I'm almost done warming up here. We'll get serious in a second. Derek, always finishes with those. Do you want to do that or do you want to take turns on this? Okay. Let's try and get them warmed up. Yeah. Maybe a mandol show to say hi. My hope so. If not today, maybe tomorrow or the day after. Right arm. I'll go right. You do right. Yeah. I go left. It gives our arms and maximum rest time. What are you doing with this? Just like that. Yeah. No, heavy. What are you going to do like 15? So I was coming across my body and keeping my elbow locked in. Yeah. I feel a little more inside. Long heavier. I've got a good pump already. I didn't inject any injectable pre-workouts or idea for one. None of that. I just drank my fanrice and had two meals. So I heard Coach Danny talking about GHK. Uh-huh. And then, mad plus. And a D plus? Yeah. I used both of them. He's at a stacker. Is that like something you cycle through? No, I don't believe you're cycle. No, it's just all the time. Yeah. Well, it's my left turn. Yeah. Yeah. I'm sorry I raised it up. It's a little too heavy for me. What was that? Yeah, I'm sorry I raised it up. We went to 27. Yeah, I was on 17. Try. Okay, cool. You're a lot firm now. But I would do this try to keep your arm pinned. There you go. In the last few feel better your way. How do people come to the gym for social hour? I can't stand that show. Well, to me, this is good social hour because I was happy to finally get to meet you. Yeah. No, I just mean people that want to come here and wash it. They might have a lot more time than I do. Yeah, I do. All right, cool. Yeah, feels good. We'll try half of that. We'll try 22. Yeah. Oh, if I'm like tired, tired, I might want to wait for Friday. Just let me know. But theoretically, I should do legs tomorrow. I've been rushed after legs rather than rushed and then go into legs. And then go into Chuston back to the after legs because it'll be trashed. Going into Chuston back and then I would be driving on it. What did I have it on? You had 27. What did I have on the side? Oh, I saw you for the night. Oh, baby, please. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. That was brutal. Man, this said, would be nice if you all worked out in the morning. I couldn't. I'd work tomorrow. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. If we better Friday morning, if we're going to work in the morning, I'd rather do legs Friday morning. Get off. You go in two sets so far. I'm liking this. I'm liking this a lot. It's herand's way of doing it. What we could do instead of doing two exercises, three sets, we could go three exercises, two sets each. You finish with this and then we'll try my tri set for two sets. Okay. Now that I've tried this out, I don't think I'm going to get anything out of the third set. I'm not getting out of two sets. Now that last set for me was a grind of wood. You scored Pio? Yeah. Score Pio is in the best. Yeah, except all the astrological street is always long for me. Huh? All the astrological street is always long for me. Oh. Like I don't hold grudges. And they say score Pio's whole grudges and definitely. Eh, that might be a more women thing. I think that an ice find that male score Pio is just very driven, wheel power of type of person. You point them in a direction they'll run through brick wall. If what you tell them is what they want us in the other side of that wall. Two of that short on that side. I can solder some on. Does she mind going through deep on legs? It's not my ever-give. More than two people in the workout, which is very rare. Just to suit their sets. Everybody stays busy and nobody's sitting around for more than a minute or two. You didn't have to the time. You're good. Are you just looking for the right position? I'm not tall enough. This is too long. I wasn't getting a stretch. I'm not sure if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it. So what I'm trying to do is keep my elbows in tight. Pull it away for me for the first 10-12 reps. And then I'll push them together and drive them forward for the next 12. Same set, 24 reps. Good about that. But I want to keep these elbows as far back as I can. Never letting them come back. Keep being the scapula depressed right there. Without that shrugging your fact. Right there. Good. Without the body English well. Am I moving? Yeah. Just keep it still. It's easy to get a full stretch. You don't let those elbows come up. I might want you heavy. Yeah, probably. Put squeeze at the bottom. Don't let them come apart. Good. There you go. There you go. Chest up, elbows back. Don't let those elbows come forward, though. Keep those elbows back. Those elbows can come forward. That's it. That's it. That's right there. That's small movement. Right there. Go right there. Go right there. Go right there. That's it. Brutal huh? Ow. See how small these movements are? How many elbows stay in the same spot? One, two, three, four, five. Go right there. There you go. That's it. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Alright finish the set. Push together. Here we go. Chest up. Keep the shoulders down. Keep the elbows back. There you go. Hold on. Got it. Let's go switch to biceps. We'll finish with triceps. You can have triceps. You should have changed with it. You said that the preacher benches are over there. There's a preacher bench. Right where that dude's standing. So someone already moved a bench over here. We can do triceps there. More cardio shift. It's a arbitrary. Where's it? Okay cool. Unless you want to see it one. Can you adjust this so that it's a little bit lower for me? Oh shit. I didn't mean to make it so. Alright. Good try. So right now it looks like you're a alignment tall. I would tilt your body like this. Now try it. You probably are so light. You probably don't notice the difference. You can look in the mirror. If you look in the mirror, you can see if you can line up your hand with your elbow with your shoulder. Yeah, that looks much better. 20 pounds you probably never know this. But if we start getting heavy and doing it all every week. I never go very heavy doing curl. Well, you. I'm doing your lot heavier than me. Alright, we'll probably get with this wave. So if you look in the mirror, your elbow is out and the inside of your shoulder. That's as far as my elbow bends. But I think fine, doesn't come any closer than that. I'm just trying to keep them in the line. You're a little bit too heavy. You're a little bit too heavy. That's good. Alright, so when I go 30 or when I go 25, I don't care. I follow you, dude. So it says 30, but it was in a rack space of said 35. Yeah, look at the species. So I don't know what this really is. It's the 30. I'm going to throw it. That's a good one, I don't even give you a lot of. What? Three reps? Yeah, three reps. Yeah, three reps. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm going to do a much of difference with an extended wrist versus. Yeah, there's a difference. You get less by yourself if you squeeze it. Yeah, I'm going to put that picture on. Yeah, I don't know. I wonder if they have to pay a check or not, but we're going to put that picture on. Yeah, I don't know. I know it's quite the process. It's kind of like, paint my numbers. Oh, it was great thing. Oh. She want to go grab a 55. I'm going to take it with a 30. You're going to tear it up there. I don't train heavy on my biceps. The openness is my favorite thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'll see what it feels like. Yeah, I mean, thumbs up, smash with dumbbells. More than three. That was like 30. I'll use the 35. I'll see what it feels like. Yeah, I mean, thumbs up, smash with dumbbells. More than three. That was like 30. She would have been the perfect way. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Good shit. I think I'd get him. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What are you weigh in right now? There's 1808 this morning. Yeah. And when you're in the off season, how had it been? Yeah. I'm probably never again though. Yeah. I'm probably never going to get that big. We got to come down six pounds in the week. I weighed in at 1703 pretty much. No idea. No really care, I guess. What the fuck? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That first set of biceps ups off. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He got shoulder down. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't have that problem. I always put it on a lollipop field setting. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It seems to be like almost an even split between white, black and Hispanic. But now it's pretty diverse, I don't say. So that was my second and last work set for tri-subs. And then after this we've got two set-to-basion curls, which we could do here, or we could do it over there, or we left my stuff. Almost got like a chasperum from that last time. That last set. That last set really did it. Backpack, we should have had four. There's so much cool backpushing. We're not going to do any rowing at all, because I fucked up my back doing all those rowing yesterday. We only did four sets of ladden, like 10 sets of rows. So when we do that, Saturday, we're going to be doing every one of these vertical machines. These look good, Jamie. So good, so cool. All right, here we go. Phase two. Yeah. White there. Get a little bit more of a stretch. There. Go. Yeah. That was good. All right, now we've got the As you feel. And then we can move on to that bonus round of middle delts. I was lazy. I think I wish I brought two in. I was lazy. Don't let me forget to do it, I forgot to do it yesterday. FIREMer Lad�� Splendid! either or. I just like the call. It takes my wrist in my hand out of it. Yeah, we try. All right. Yeah. It's easier for some else reps you in. There you go. Come on, like a hammer. Either way. You could do supinated for 10 and neutral for 10, however you want to do it. The important thing is keep it chest straight. Keep your elbow as far behind you as it goes. There you go. What you call these face Bayesian. Facy. The ASI and what is that from? You find out. Is that too light for you? Oh, it's great. So heavy as Bicep work I do is chin. Did you do both sides? I wanted a time. I usually do one at a time. I'm telling you right so far. What are you doing? We're not using our just shifts in the way. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. I'm sorry Ron. There you go. You're coming. You're coming. You're coming. You're going to hold back. 20% for life. 30% when the camera's rolling. You have to sit back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. What happens if you pop your chest up? You have more mental dealt that way. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. Good. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You're going to hold your elbow back. You got to use the massage because my back is blocked right now. It was horrible on stage. That's too much. I wanted to scale. I didn't look as bad as I did on stage.

Worry! You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. I'm more tired than usual today. So I'm gonna try a little bit of the Biscuit for friends deep front of type. 200 pounds. That's about 150 milligrams of caffeine. That's a lot for me. Now we're off to hit legs. My leg, upper middle back area. It's probably like an 8 or 9 out of 10 pain. Worry'd just sleep so bad. I don't know. Because I was in pain. So I'm in pain. I don't know. I think because I did too much back volume. When I was at LeBrautah that I try my other pieces of a cuman. And it's always one spot at the space. Like the rhomboid, upper, medium, lad area. All the part that looks like it's just a big hole in my backpack when I do my rear last fret. That's where it hurts. Because it's glued down or some shit. Now I'd be worse because I did so much foam rolling on it. But I just aggravated it further. And it seemed to get its release just grounded down. I would move to do anything and it would just be stabbing pain. So I would say that it's the worst. It's ever been by a huge margin. I would say most, it's ever been. It was like a five out of ten in sornas. But like last night and then early in the morning it was like an 8 or 9 out of 10 pain. So we're going to go to this gym called species which is my client, patient and friend Jeremy's home gym. It has several different pendulum squats. I think like three or four pendulum squats. So I'm going to try out a couple like the mega mass and a couple other ones and see which one feels the best with no weight and then we'll start loading it up. Of course we'll do the other exercises. It'll be lying like curl, pendulum press, seated like curl, and like extension. But it does this all like a lot of volume but trying out different pieces to find the right thing. This can be a ton of junk volume. So even if all we're doing is force that of hands and force that's a quad. It'll be like ten sets to get that force sets. Probably have some adductors in there and caps. They got everything. I love how in Texas you got high school stadiums like that. They look like college stadiums. Sports or a priority? Well football specifically. Everything in Texas is bigger and better. Texas is just America. I want to own steroids but that in falsely elevates steroids is something that not. It's always so funny as people are like, yeah now that I'm on steroids I really don't notice any differences. Like I know they're like, so just they just don't do anything and like nope. That's what I was telling you that you don't need more than test and GH and about storage and not useful unless you're a professional bodybuilder or want to be a professional bodybuilder. Because the steroids allow someone to train harder and recover faster. So if somebody isn't training that hard and they're not dedicated towards bodybuilding, they don't then just that this size from the GH gives them enough recovery for their minimal amount of work. If they can bench 200 pounds for 5 reps and like all right that's retarded. You're going to do 150 for 10 reps and they only do that twice a week. Like you don't need steroids to recover from that. Now if you're doing 400 pounds for 12 reps for 5 sets and you need to do that three times a week. Yeah you would need steroids to recover that fast. But it doesn't make you bench 400 pounds. It just lets you recover. I'm not that I endorse bench pressing. It's an exercise every man knows. I may have a vague idea of how much weight that is. For that time, you're the one who's going to go. You're the one who's going to go. That's it! Yeah you should have had the highest rise. Yeah yeah yeah. Yeah you should have the highest rise. The most important difference. The most important difference. Oh yeah let's do it. All right. That's not like it. It's definitely loaded in the stretch position so we don't need the strife. I like it. But there's not a lot of strength. The range of resistance where it's the strongest is different than the other ones. Yeah so here this is going to make this even better. All right. It makes the contraction phase too easy but it actually allows for a stretch. This doesn't go deep enough otherwise. Yeah this won't go deep enough other way. No there's no tension at the bottom. No I like it. I'll just use with pad. Jeremy you want to find your settings. Go ahead. You're dollar by the same size. You want to do the same savings? Is that your plate that says Sidious? Huh? Is that your plate that says Sidious? Yeah. I figured it was. Every version of Emperor was taken. But Sidious with one was not. Well we've been marathoning old Star Wars movies. We watched Revenge of the Sith last night. That's one of the best ones. Yeah. Episode three. Well Anakin wasn't such a tit in that one. Well yeah I mean that's my favorite one for Anakin for sure. See that's almost what I want to do. Set up a camera and film a girl watching Star Wars for the first time. To get her reaction video just because a lot of women think men are nerds for liking Star Wars. If you expose it to them right, it's one of the greatest stories I've ever told. I think I would have done a dark side. Oh for sure. I just murdered my mom. I didn't have to murdered my mom then my... Yeah. Well they probably did more than just murder. Oh yeah. They just didn't say that because it was the kids' world. Why's my X-Wast running wise to the O' eyes? You'll see. What does this mean? I'm gonna do it. Oh yeah. Twenty. Twenty. Twenty. Twenty. Twenty. Twenty. Twenty. Twenty. Twenty. Twenty. Twenty. Twenty. Twenty. Well it's cool. Yeah. Is that a man though? Yeah. But where he won't find anything. He's probably got more pictures than I do. I think that's all the ones I downloaded. It was one cool one. Where I jumped. And Darth Vader was standing by a 10 feet away. It just looks like he's picking all the doors. What he's for stroking you. Yeah. She went one back for me. Hi. She said they look good. We talked about it. She's seen the night. So pretty. But I'm saying she's waked a candle. Yeah. What do you see? Well, she's said she's Moyk's. She was something older than me due to the emails at the bottom of my hand. She retained some room for me. Now… Now! She wants to be vítnitch. When there was much sex… and all people got scared. I always go for failure. I only got six. That time I was going to back it off to the next set. The goal is to set two sets of twelve, but that first warm-up set when I was finding my weight into a pitting teller. Then when I went to that weight, I got less reps on the second set than I did on the first set, even though I had done it through a half-suffice first. So had I done my first set with 90 would have been fine. That was awesome. So a lot of us scored it. That's my last set. I'm going to fix some break because I've been into another hair transplant. I'm going to do three reps of reserve. Then next week, two reps of reserve. Then the next week, one rep of reserve. Then the fourth week, I'll be trained to failure. Then each additional week, I'll start adding the rest pauses. It looks great Amanda. Good stretch at the bottom. Can you pause at the bottom? There you go. You got two left. One more. God. Did you feel that in your head? Did you like that? Did you feel your hamstrings a little better? I didn't like that a little bit better. I felt like the stretch in the bottom was fine. It seemed like it was more hamstrings the last lower back. There's one over here. Do you want to try the pad too? Sure. Then I'll have stretches in two parts. Oh, really? That's right. Good knee. You're a heel. It's something like that. It's either that or the gas truck tend to cross in the knee joint. I think poplar chill is the artery poplidious as the muscle. Did you lower your knees or these bend down the whole time? No, Amanda. Thank you. It's lower to the knee. Yeah, you were on 95 pounds last time. So you're on 100 pounds. There you go. I'm okay with staying with the same weight. And then I got 11 less? 11 plus, a quarter. That was a grind too. Right. You can tell me whether this is easier or harder with the pad. This music sounds like it's from a Tarantino music. It's fucking terrible. This isn't as bad. I was worried when I came in and I saw all the cars. I was like, oh, just going to be hit popfest. He's going to be so miserable. You know, it's very busy parking lot, but it's just a bunch of half-naked girls. So I don't care. Oh, definitely easier at the top. Yeah. Just squeeze it up and then squeeze it on the way down. It's almost like the right music for this. Taking the aggression out of it and making it just squeeze relax. Squeeze relax. Squeeze relax. Squeeze. Good. I think that was only eight. Huh? It doesn't matter. They'll do feel more hamstrings that way. Last lower back and more hamstrings. How was it feeling? Much of my lower back anyway. Yeah. All right. So next is pendulum squat. Do you want to try that mega mass? The big scary looking ones? Sure. Yeah. That felt good. Cool. That's what I want to hear. What is this, too? We're something to hold on to. All right. What? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's really... Oh, yeah. It's really... Oh. Yeah. That's what we're looking for. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I can't control you, sir But you're the worst I am the loser, man You're the loser, sir You're the loser, man I'm the loser, man I'm gonna take a few warm ups, that's for sure, to get used to this. How's that feel, Jeremy? Not great. Do you want to try the other one instead? The one you've heard you feel, but try it. I'm gonna try the other one instead. The one you've heard you feel, but try it. I'm gonna try the other one instead. The one you've heard you feel, but try it. Do you want to try the other one instead? The one you've heard you feel, but try it. Because my leg knee wasn't loving this either. Just a little really weak on this movement. What just typical happens with a machinist heavy as fuck? This is a 300 pounds fire. Yeah. So if it's just the weight, why don't we do a couple warm ups sets or we can try the other one, see which is more comfortable. Well, we should both be comfortable. I don't want to force anything. Okay. We can try it, but somebody's not on it already. There won't be a so heavy to begin with. We need to warm up. We can't warm up enough for it. This is way more comfortable. Yeah. Yeah. That's way more comfortable. Yeah. It might just be because it's lighter. There's also the bolt brand pendulum over there too. Which is funny because Terrence just bought into bold. Yeah. And he's not designing their products. He's Terrence. Terrence's roughened. And I was talking to him on Monday when I looked with him about it. Well, the gym that we were at before we came here, missed it. We're all he plays is metal. And it's all black and gray. This is way more comfortable. Way more quads. Are you cool with this one on the end of them? Have you done this one? Yeah. I can't. Really? Oh, that's it. It's heavy on light. This is really light. This feels great. Oh, my. Yeah. Try it out. You have the old species had an adjustable. What is this? Is this a ham shrink girl? I think it's a glue. Oh, yeah, you're right. Is that comfy? Yeah. You're the one in front of them. Oh, it's a, oh, you're right. It's a thrust. Yeah. All right. It's weird though. It's not feel great. It's so smooth. If I do a hacksquad, I have to reverse band it with a pendulum. I don't. Yeah, see, this is just nice. Yeah. Now, when you're doing this, because I've never done pendulum squads, but it's always hurt. Mm-hmm. Are you pushing against a little part of the pad or against your shoulders? Both. Yeah. Yeah. But I'm trying to do is whatever it takes to feel it right there at the top contraction and right there at the stretch. That's my goal. Okay. Whatever I have to do, whether it's right or not, right now. I'm always avoided pendulum squat, not always avoided hacksquad, because it always hurt. If you reverse band the hacksquad, it probably won't hurt. Yeah. What does it anymore? Good. This is the one that I started using that I was able to get up to, you know, four or five plates. Is that a start track? It looks like a start track. It's a premiere, but it looks like a start track. It looks like an a carry and actually. So I don't have the door selection to go down here. Right. I understand. And that's okay. I would. So if your heel comes up even a millimeter, move your feet up a little bit. The top priority is your heels staying down. You hear that? Doesn't hurt, but what makes a lot of noise? Yeah, like it. All right. I'm just going to do this set of 20 with nothing and see how it feels. I'm going to do 10 to see 10 real. So how it goes. So this isn't exactly a work set. It's like an exploratory warm-up set. That's going to be nice. That's just a nice set of things. That's just a nice set of things. This is so much a nice set of things. That's just so much a nice set of things. And that's just a nice set of things. That's just a nice set of things. That's perfect. That's going to be crazy. So I post you your public tilt. Throw my knees forward for 10 reps, and then I did 10 with my butt back. My heel still came up, but my butt was back. So it's 10 posterior pelvic tilt, then 10 anterior pelvic tilt. I'm the concentric phase. I'm the posterior pelvic tilt, I'm the concentric phase, I'm both of them. And once we start putting weight on it up, put my heels down. But this is warming up my quads and my knees in a non-destructive way. Okay. Let's pause at the bottom and then come up. Okay. If you can control the eccentric, much better. Let's try it. Those look great. I'll go get our stuff. Okay. Okay. Does it take a good? Can you go any deeper? No, it's okay. Okay. Again on this side. Okay. Okay. What kind of ability can I do with that? Understand. Trust me, I'm miss about Olympic weight lifting, squatting, asked to grasp all the time. But now I just won't do it. And I try to force it without injuring myself. But to gain that. It is what it is. Those days are done for me. Yeah, right there and it gets a little bit in tight. I think that has probably at least one. Okay. Okay. So you've got like five, two, two true cices with a posterior pelvic tilt. Okay. Okay. Okay. That's a great. She heals you coming up a little bit if it doesn't hurt that's okay. But if we want glutes, I would move your heel, your feet forward a little bit. There you go. And I wouldn't double pump at the bottom. I would just pause and then squeeze your glutes to drive your stuff up. Yeah. That was pretty good. I would pause a little bit longer. You might want to add ducts. You're going to use the force pushing it glutes to initiate your concentric because your knees are wiggling. That was better. Yeah. Yeah, my back is strong. What are you going to? Hmm? You're still going to 20? This is just a warm-up. Unless it's your work set, then try to go for 12. My lower back is cramping a little bit. You can handle some more adductors. Just make sure to play lateral foot pressure. You should have lateral quads are still engaged. Then when it's lad, add up your ankle. You can handle some more adductors. Just make sure to play lateral foot pressure. You can handle lateral quads are still engaged. Then when it's lad, add up your anilateral quads up. I always kind of torque my feet anyway. But keep your rig toe down all the way. I wasn't only coach for 10 years. I taught a bunch of people that were just train wreck squatters. I finally figured out. I'm trying to play with it to try to find what I'm looking for. But this feels pretty good too. It's just so tight. Something I'll go here. I'm just trying to play lateral foot pressure. I'll go there. I'm just trying to play lateral foot pressure. I'll go there. I'll go there. I'll go there. I got a lot of lateral quad. I both disto and proximal. And I got some gluten ballmen. So we looked at this exactly what I need. Now what I think I need. Something nice and simple. What I used to do for 20 years. Or whatever, 15 years was right the whole time. Just with better equipment. Good amanders. How's that feel? More show. Good. I love the pause at the bottom. You're like loading those. Watching loops. That's for sure. Good. Good show. Who's up next? One, two, three. That's my last work side. I'm just trying to play lateral foot pressure. I'll go there. I'll go there. I'll go there. See you. See you. See you. See you. All right. Now let's see the light curl. Yeah, that's my favorite machine. This one, life, it's funny because this looks fancy as far as I can. I trust you. Oh yeah, because that one's got the dressable cam. This one does too. You're right. We've shown one warm up side. 20, do you bring it? There you go. Just body. Licking extension. Seated light curl machine for the garage. I got rid of that strong body like press. I'm a little confused. I'm a little confused. Yeah, that's my favorite. I'm a little confused. I'm a little confused. I'm a little confused. I'm a little confused. I'm a little confused. I'm a little confused. I've got legs going Monday. I've got to be able to recover by Monday for like some Monday. It's a two sets on each of these things. It sounds like bullshit. Do you hear your own coaching or do you have a coach? I have a coach for purposes. I've been doing my own programming. This upcoming season, I'm going to want his help with the programming because I feel I went backwards almost. She's the midsection control better today. Yeah, I'm wearing a bow and I'm wearing a large shirt rather than a medium shirt. You just stretch it all the way. I went to light. It's too light. This stretch it out all the way. I'm going to turn the road to the top, curl, and then squeeze the amishring, and release the slow. Come to the complete top, stretch it, drive the knees up, and come and stretch it. Looks like you got three more. Don't explode up, just squeeze it up. You're right. It's so too light. You get 30 at the end. How did it get 30? What do you have it at? I won 30. That's my two sets. That's your two sets. Jeremy, you got one sets. That's what I got one more set. All right. We're doing two more sets. Two working sets on prematurely. No, it's all just three. We're just doing three. Those are great. I'm going to drive your knees up in the top. Good. It's a good one. It's a good one. Good afternoon. I'm going to throw your back out. I'll snap, drive, and do where to shoot. My instinct is the strive would be the best one, because you can load the stretch position. But you guys know this gym and I do not. So what do you guys like for luggage tension? I use the same hand and the hand. You do the life fitness, that one. All right. Okay, cool. Let's try this one. This is going to be heaviest in the stretch position. The legendary. I'm going to try. This is my favorite. Can you hand me my arm? Red pattern? Thank you. Oh, shoot. How do I get out of this? I love this. I love this. Holes and soundtrack. Jesus. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. There's a little doing. I figured it out. You're going to gobble its blocks instead. What? Are you doing gobble its blocks instead? Are you coming to work? Video belts on my nose. Okay. Now, what why did you not want to lean back on this one? Try. All right. So we're going to keep your feet in. Just lay the back now and you do it. Grab those handles. Got it. And you should feel it right there. Feel better stretching the rightness this way. But you're still getting the same contraction on the knee. Fantastic. You're not Jeremy. You're not Jeremy. I never thought it would put in the rebound on inside out so they look black. That's a lot smarter. So many outfits for ruin because these are blue. I never thought that wearing them and set out. It's just what I take them off. I just approached it. I just approached it. I'm not way they dry these things. They turn inside out and then they dry faster. That's right. There you go. Feel the contraction right there and then the stretch right there. And you can instantly rotate it into it. That's a lot. That's a lot. I don't mean that much. But you can keep it focused right there. That's a lot of pressure. And then stretch. And then use that hand to pull down that handle and that'll keep your butt for coming out. Is that where you're feeling it? I'm actually doing that. I mean, I'm always going to get some VMO. But the G. you see, this leg is come together. But it still has a lot smaller. That's the bad leg, but it's still got better shape. So what's trick is, if you were to pull it up, because that's the detail smaller leg, you pull it that forward. Then when they take a picture, it looks bigger and more detail. Yeah. Yeah, it's got different shape. Not able to get into it. I'm going to do lift up on this. Let me get into it. Thank you. There you go. Perfect. So much weight. We need to take a plate off and go with the quarter. Thank you. We found it. I weigh over solace with those shoe plates. The plate in the half is perfect. Oh. Ah. Ah. It should you want to respite you one leg and then we'll switch back. What? What do you want me to rest? I'll do a leg rather than you going at your right leg Sorry, I did my right leg. Oh you did oh Yeah, I did 12 on this one. I think maybe 10 on this or 9. No, I was dumb with that one I said I don't know what's going on. I got life headed and we're done here. We're doing one my god. I got my own side Cook So you Just Adam!! You are killed!!! So ya, you are just awesome! My Diamond We did it. We're done. It's like empty in here right now. Like this. Not digging the spoons, but the weird Mexican music is better. Oh, this is lightest spot. Not only is this broken, it's too light. There's no way this is going to be heavy enough. This one might work. This one I can usually do three something. This is way more stable than that. When that one was broken, if you need more weight I have a pan. All right, cool. Yeah, well, we probably will. The Line 2 pheno magnetilization system, which makes the front of the mountain paradigms. The horn rerolls are designed and underway over question. It's okay. That's a... I like how this one just spreads the part on its own. Right. You're off to do the handle. You're sick of everything. You're sick of everything. You're sick of everything. When you do feet straight out, it's the hardest. And then these stirps are easier and these stirps are the easiest. So if you've maxed up the machine, just do this with your legs, makes it way heavier. I don't think it's as stable and it's hard to get a good contraction, but if it's just too light, it's like sticking your legs straight out like then. Five, six reps, then switching to one of your feet around, it turns into a whole set. You're so light on. That's the harder one. You went from easy to find. Usually it's a regression, super-sac, not a progression, super-sac. It's trying to stick to matrix. I try to shoot the matrix. Speaking of the matrix, I haven't heard much from what's his name, Andrew T. He's kind of like falling off the radar. Yeah. He was all over the place for years and then he's just gone. You never see him. I noticed he just came back and somebody else's platform. He's not really done. He's not really done. Oh. This is like hiding. I think I'm playing. No, I'm just going to sit down and try to straighten out. That makes me really hard. I'll show you what I'm talking about. So if you do this, I can't even do it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just going to risk it. Yeah. I'm just going to risk it. Yeah. I'm just going to make you want. No. I'm just going to risk it. Well, stop with this now. It's time to catch. Yeah. I'm just going to stop with this now. It's time to catch. Yeah. For sure. When you're an user bent, the gas truck doesn't fire really. And it's mostly soluble. This is the best. Now the really good our canyons have pins. And you can load it up with an extra 450 pounds. Yeah. You can't even do that. Don't judge that trick. Don't judge that trick. You're harassmentful. Do that get on! You'll get a admin pineapple in your car's car. Into the dark body. Stay calm and careful. Don't judge the files. Fuck! Stay safe for everyone. Yeah. I'm just going to stand the chase. No! I warning you! I know that I showed you what I wore. Like a guffey. Where did I see the app nimbrler last time? They grabbed a barbell with place on it. Talked. Nah it's good. That's way too much work. equipment for it. Yes, Amanda's the best. Look at you. You're awesome. Yeah, yeah, let's do it over here. Yes, you move so fast too. Oh, making it too easy. This music is so fucking rare. Yeah, two sets. As many as can. So we're trying to do this engage my lats and then I'm trying to do a crunch and just doing the crunch lifts my spine up and the rest of my body just moves with my abs. I feel when you come up all that much you're resting at the top. There you go. You're resting at the top. Yeah, we don't want to rest of the top and do a vacuum too while you're doing it. Do a vacuum the whole time. There you go. Like a caterpillar we're trying to touch the ceiling with our spine. We don't really worry about bending at the hips or the knees. We're just trying to arch her back. I knew that was going to happen. I was about to say watch out for your hair. name just go All he got was a set If found, the 맛s of theFight storm Distance, links to that All floats on the door Wholeektop핑, the source all went Too long, the second Kraft That's what what SET STEPS Huto Black It's a fire I'm gonna do the whole day, how many I'll do it? What I'm doing is something a little bit different. You wanna watch me do a set? Huh? You can't see it back in the middle of the face. My shirt looks like a school. Yeah, show me what you're doing. Not very good. It's like my biggest weakness is vacuum. So basically, he's trying to try and his intestines into shredded beef. That is brutal. Yeah. So all I'm doing is I'm doing a vacuum. I'm stretching it out, engaged my lats, do a vacuum, and then try to stick my spine up as a ceiling. And it'll pull the roller. Yeah. I'm not trying to move the roller through space. I feel like when you come up that much, I feel you rest at the top. That's kind of some time-sharing. So when I'm at the top, I'm fucking max, squeeze the, I'm not resting at the top. Give it a shot like that where you don't come up all the way. And remember, try to do a vacuum and then pull your belly button into the ceiling, arching your back while you do it. So we're not using our hip flexors at all. We're not using our pucks at all. There you go. With that. Oh, that hurts, man. Yeah. It looks like you're doing the last, but you're using just your abs. I don't like that. I like food. There you go. Yeah. Yeah. Stick that spine up. Like caterpillar. I'll work on that. Who's up, is it me? I worked on that. All right. This is my last shot then. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's the key. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not even a single one. That was brutal. Posing time. Plus I want to see Amanda pose. Do you want to figure poses? Yeah. Your figure poses. Oh, I would go back for work. All right. Let's find you can. I mean, your coach comes to Texas so often. Why would you want to pose in person? Everyone forgets that for like 14 years. I taught big kidney posing and figure posing. I could outpost any girl at the girls' poses. This music's lyrics are so intricate. Where is my beverage? You guys know we're straight there. It's behind the hat. Where do you want to go outside? Do you want to? Let's go look and see it the how the light. And front of that mirror is usually where all of the females and males are posing now because that room is so small. In natural competitions, we have this entire stage that we have to do. A routine too. Let's just get check out that life outside because at a certain time of day it might kick ass. I think it's a normal routine. Why would you want to do that? You can even have a routine pose. It's the best of the way it is. It's the best of the way it is. It's the best of the way it is. It's the best of the way it is. It's the best of the way it is. And the hardest one at all. The best of the way it is. It's the best of the way it is. It's the best of the way it is. Alright, Amanda. You try to catch my breath. Don't break there. I'm going to do it from the side when I want you to do. So you do in this. I want you to stick your butt out. It's pretty extra chest out. Now keep our legs together. Like that. Pop up on your toes since you should be in heels. Stick your butt out more. There you go. And chest out more. Can you see the difference? See how your feet are getting way wider. We want our feet together. We want to make an hour glass. Like a wine glass with our body. So push those knees together. There you go. Stick your chest out. The butt back there. And then we would rotate out from here. Like that. So push it together. And then rotate out. Just like Dorothy clicking together her ruby slippers. I had my heel. Yeah. That looks better. Alright, and then we're going to transition straight to step out. And then swivel over. That looks good. And then we're going to step out. And stick our butt back. There. Stick your butt back more. Good. Perfect. And then we're transition. So I want you to watch me transition really quick. So for women, for figure, I think this is what looks to his. We'll watch it. Like that. Now like, might be a little dramatic. But if you're all, if if with a pendulum goes to all the way to ultra feminine and you're over here, it'll come in the middle and it'll be perfect. So right there, we're losing those legs. So you want to pinch them together. Interest intro lock your legs. And twist a little bit. Other ones. There you go. Interlock. Twist. Good. See how much ways we're showing. We don't want to show that much waste. There you go. That looks perfect. And then if you don't know what to do with your hands, pinch. You like together like that. Otherwise, we got like fingers. And then the fingers draw the eye to the fingers. Not to the physique. All right. And what did you do? How did you? So what I do say? So from here, I just step out. Okay. That's my transition. That looks a lot better now. We still got that gap in between the knees. We don't want that. That looks better. But back. And we have projector chess forwards. We want to pro-tract our scapula. But internally rotate. That's a success. It goes with those big wedges. So I can stand here. But you got, we got a good run in. Well, I'll jump in and then we'll switch back. Station. That's one of the happy train. So to run my heels, I didn't know we were posing. You didn't want to pose. That's why you didn't bring your heels. But you thought about it. You chose not to. Pro-tractal scapula. Pro-tract that retract. There you go. Arch to back harder and stick a butt out at the same time. There you go. It's too much waste is being shown. There you go. Good. Looks good. The individual poses look good. The transition is going to take time. Because you're letting go of the illusion. It's high and proud as possible. And then. And then. Without. And then we said, now you weren't that dramatic. But if you relax, that's what they see. They don't unsee it. And I'm a had a bad habit of relaxing when I'm on stage in between poses. So that's why I have such an eye for it. So I'm going to keep that up high. The whole time. Especially with figure. As absin is critical for figure. Because that's your silhouette. So for me. For my quarter turns. Which are my worst. Now I'm losing my illusion. But I'm covering my abs when I breathe. So it looks like it's part of the show. It's like do this. But that's just because I need to breathe. If I didn't have to breathe. I was wondering why they. I could just do that. Why they did that. Yeah, you do that. So you can cover your abdomen. Lay breathe. Because you're watching your hands. Not your waist. Because it's moving. It's like the illusion that's on stage. When they go like this and they flip the scarf. And they pull the coin from behind your ear. You don't see them reaching behind your ear. They just use the scarf going there. All right. So from the transitions. And then there's the peck classic version. I don't have the choice. Yeah. I actually slept until eight, twenty ten. The Jesus. I know. It's mostly got that a long time. Do you stop forward? You stop forward. That's what you do. That's why I couldn't figure out what you were doing. Mm-hmm. And then forward again. Mm-hmm. Okay. Now I got. Because I'm used to stepping backwards. You can do that. Whatever works best. And the transitions are personalized. So you're competing classic. Mm-hmm. Is that always been your category? No. No. This is the first time. I've been too 12 for last five years. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. How do you say that? All right. I think it's enough pose if I wanted to. So we just had a great lag session with Jeremy and Amanda Beaty who've been friends and clients patients for quite some time. Had a great time, great training partners. He had a really good lag session here at Species and Katie Taxis, which is a subdivision if used in. I really liked the the pendulum squat we used and I was pretty familiar with the other pieces of equipment. The strive lived up to its reputation as being a great lag extension machine. It reminds me a lot of the one that I used at a umbro. And I really liked the pendulum at umbro too. But this is a good pendulum squat. I went really light, but I felt it exactly where I wanted to feel it. And you know, I'm a week post show and a week pre show. I mean, it doesn't need to be an extreme leg workout. And you need to not get hurt. That's like you'll into the workout trying not to get hurt. It'd be like sparring before a billion dollar fight. You don't want to get your nose broken or your shin smashed before the big fight. And then you can't do the fight at the Madison Square Gardens or whatever the Luxor. And then you miss out on the big purse just on the sparring match. You know, it's so training in between shows is sparring. It's not you're not growing any fucking muscle. You're just trying to drive the nutrients of your food into the muscle. So 195 with clothes on and my phone and my pocket and my hat on and my shoes on. That's not a very accurate though. 192. 192 with clothes on without shoes and phone. So the shoes and the phone made up three pounds. That's funny.

You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. Greetings, Earthlings. It is I, Dr. Todd Lee. And today we have with us a special guest, that's in Jonathan, Gary. This is our memorial day special. And so we're going to talk about a lot of patriotic stuff today. So if you're a comedy bastard, don't launch this. Okay. I'm getting so funny. So buddy, tell me about you. I'll let you into the military with branches service. When you join, let's start from the top. Yeah, man. I joined when I was 20 years old. Can you hear that duck barking in the back? Oh, yeah. All right. Well, we came out of the van. I joined when I was 20 years old with the intent just to go and then kind of get educated. Right. I wanted to take advantage of some of their offerings. The military had to offer. We were going to get out of here and realize that I was physically and mentally. A little bit tougher than those around me. Right. So I wanted to go. I know airborne. I wanted to go the second airborne and then I wanted to go special operations. And so I did exactly that right. My career started off. It's just your average show or average guy. I was just one of the joint military service country and then it kind of snowballed into you. How far can I take this? You know, how far can I climb the ladder until I'm working for a fucking the president of the United States? You know, I'm doing my special detail or something like that. And ended up at the task force 160 is and that's about as far as I got until I got out of the military. And if you don't know the task force 160 is there are mostly lead special operations, aviation, elements in the military. And right, these guys fly around. Delta forest, maybe sales, step group. All of the special characters that I wrote in those guys were out of respect. I do it right. But these are the guys who carry out the mission instead. You see on TV, right. All the movies, Deeper the guys. Did that. Fixed. Airway. Not picked airway. Reloading. Here craft. In the world. And. So which branch service were you with again? I was an army. All right, army. But you weren't a ranger or Delta force. You were something to do with planes. Right. Right. So the rangers and Delta force. Rangers is a. They're tier two asset and army, right. They get a lot of rave because they're their front liners. You see them all over the news. Rangers. Rangers that right. And they're really good at what they do. But they're tier two. And then you go up another level. It's tier one special forces. Attachment Delta. Right. Those guys. You don't hear about them. You don't come over the news. They don't talk about what they do. Never hear about them in podcasts. Right. It's because they are far more superior than any element in the US force. Conventional force. On the point, right. The only. Only time you're going to hear about people who know anything more than those guys are the people who've been around the community. And there are these special mission units. They're specifically tailored to. One action, right. And they're going to be reconnancy in score. Direct action or something else like that. Well, I love those guys. Get out and go work from CIA as one man. Optic teams. Right. And they just go out and do their own thing. One man team and they go out and kick at. So it's that like John McKee or Rick McFee. Yeah. If you know who that guy is, he is a. He's a bad motherfucker. I try to pay a lot of attention because when I was a little kid. I wanted to be, but I wasn't able to get into the military because I was given riddle in. And also there is some other bullshit thing like as well. It was as been riddle in kept me out of the military. So I had to go to be a doctor. Yeah, they'll they'll they'll qualify you real small things. I thought I was going to get this qualify because I'd bad eyes. And so they do this this test. I'm sure you're aware. It's the depth perception test. And you look in this fucking little gyroscope thing. And I'm like, oh, I tell you which one stands out. And it looks like it's a little bit closer. And I'm like, I start the test and they were like, it started. I'm like, they all are good thing. I'm not telling you. And so I had like the city of depth perception on plan. I was fucking four eyes McGee. I just can see with shit. So then disqualify me. But yeah, they will. They'll defy you for just not anything. Yeah. So. And when you go when you mention that you work with Delta, you work with devgrew. Does that mean you go on the mission with them or you put them in to his landing zone and then you retrieve them later? Yeah, sometimes it depends on the mission set, right? But a lot of times the exactly what you're saying, right? We fly them in to either, you know, hot LZ and they jump off and they can doctor mission or we drop them off at a location that's. off off the mark, right? It's off the exit, but we'll say, and they'll don't go in and search do their thing and then we'll be there for the exit or we have some other aviation birds call little birds. And they're bad as fucking birds in the sky, right? There's these little tiny fucking aircraft, a little bubble with a tail and on it and Scott fucking many gun that are shoot about 1000 rounds per second. So it'll cut anything in that right? Those little birds usually will go in and they'll play a support role, right? If they call in for air fires, I might not come in there and they'll tear it up. Are those drones or those personnel, right? Yeah, they're meant to man operate, they got to. They got two pot seats and they got to a two door gunner, so that's about all the room they got left in there. So would you be the door gunner in that or would you be the pilot? Me? I wouldn't be either. I was more support in a range of like, I would set up communications, right? So there's a lot of IT stuff per say over that isn't necessarily matter, right? Because there's there's times where you have a night person have to go out and do certain things with these folks, right? There's been multiple times where I have a link up about the ATMs. And yes, that's mission stuff like that where you fly out to it and unknown zone. And you kind of just figure out what's going on in that location, right? So really depends. I never shot. I was never the guy who was, you know, John Wick or John McFeed. All right, I didn't go out there and kill the bad guys per say, but Nonetheless, when you're attached to those guys, you're supporting those guys. There mission becomes your mission, right? And whatever they need, whatever you do. So would you say, would you coordinate a QRF or would you be on the QRF or is force to retrieve people? Or the QRF? You were the QRF? Okay. Sometimes, yeah, it depends, right? I need a deploy, it depends on what your mission is. One of my deployments, we were, we called Cree, which is a quick reaction element, which is similar as QRF, right? So there's times where you are the QRF, there's times where you're not, right? And your, your whole unit is back in support of whatever's going on at that base at that time, whatever's happening in the world, right? War story short is where they're to support the main players and the main players are the special mission units that Delta Force, right? And then, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, outside of that, I'm not going to say everybody else is so far, but those guys, those guys are the important ones. Now, how does Marshack fit into all this or repers? Are they cheer one of assets? I don't know, you know what, man? There are all the time that I spit a J-Sock under the umbrella, they don't really talk about Marshack a lot. I know they got the marine radars, the raiders, and then back in the day, they were like forced recondwan. Back in the day, those guys were real, the real deal, right? They were equivalent to your modern day, they were some bad luckers. What they do now? Do you know, I can tell you, what they did, they never came up in any of our briefing. So, what they do, why they do, how they do the idea? So, they're like, even more mysterious, like the thing we talked about in the fall, and that we can't say online. What I say in their moments, they're just no, I just don't think there's a large enough place for what they do, and they don't have. They don't have the footprint to be able to, for once they compete because we're all the same team, just there wasn't as much of a need for them, or the J-Sock umbrella, and it's a really good opportunity. So, let's dive into that. Like, so if J-Sock, showing special operations command, is that correct? That's correct. It's in charge of differentiating which mission goes to who. My understanding is seals are used mostly for if you drop in the water, and then they move into land, they're doing demolitions, or they're doing he has to rest through. That's the dev group, it's actually sealed team six, that's a tier one. Where does special operations, or Delta Force, or Marsak, where are they deployed, what kind of missions have they got? See, now we're getting into it, area where I really can't talk about. Okay, okay, so we're going to have an array of the redactors. Yeah, that's the thing, this. That every word is under the impression that the Phil team dev group, right, that the basketball focus on the planet, the truth is. Delta Force is trained to do everything that they're they're trained to do, but they're just better. Okay, they're the top fucking dogs on the planet. And let me wrong, like I'd be the room with some dev group guys, and I don't get scared very easily, but those guys, look at them, and you can see, you fucking in their eyes, like they have a plan to kill you, they're just choosing not to, right, and it's like. Okay, damn, this is this is a bad motherfucker right here, and you treat them with respect, right, and that's. That's that's all right, but the truth is Delta is the best way to plan it. My other thing is you have to complete dev group and Rangers to even get into Delta School. No, that's not the case. Okay, right, you can that was, when we before I go in the military, that was my next move. I was going to go to Delta selection as support element, and I wanted to go work with those guys out there now. And from my understanding, your selection is, I won't go into it, right, it's out in. A location kind of close to where you're at, right, out in the field, and you can just kind of go out and do what you do, right, and so it's a pure gentleman's course, right, and. And the differentiating fact factors of Delta Force and seals is the seals go through their selection group. And what's great about that is as much as it sucks, you could always draw energy off the dudes to your left and you're right, right, so when you're in the shit, you're ready to quit. And then all of a sudden, uh, Todd Lee start screaming because he's got this, you know, he's digging deep and he's got this fucking boost of energy that's going to carry him through. All of a sudden that that idea of me quitting, all of a sudden changes and I start screaming with you, right, so there's like that can kind of carry you through the worst parts of that selection. That's not to say that it's not hard. It's just when you can lean to your left and your right and find some influence that you didn't have internally and makes things a little bit easier. And when you go up to Delta Force selection, you don't have anybody, right, and so they designed this selection course in a way where. You don't have to worry about not getting fed. You don't have to worry about not getting sleep deprived, right, you show up, you get fed, you get fed good, right, you get enough sleep and you show up and you do what you're supposed to do. But it's so fucking hard that they're going to push you to the point where you literally just break mentally physically spiritually and you just take a seat in your psych's fuck band. I am ready to fucking give up like I'm at my wits in, I can't go anymore and what they're looking for is a guy who can find himself at the bottom of the fucking pit. And find it with an himself to pull something out of himself that he doesn't know he has to continue the mission and move on, right, and what makes those guys so much different is you have nobody on, right, you just fucking have to put his figure it out or your fucking dead, right, so you can need to be the guy who gets stuck in the hole forever, you can be the guy who fucking figures out how to get out of it, but not everybody passes assholes. And there's a hard and selection courses, probably on the face of the fucking planet, they have pictures in there and their facility of every graduating class and you go, look and you're like, well, it was the guy who graduated in this class sometimes there's nobody, right, sometimes there's a hundred percent nutrition rate and nobody from that class makes it. So there's a picture of nothing just you see that there's nothing there. That's how tough it is, dude, it's no joke. He's gonna be what I'm doing. Yeah, it's a special, a special kind of man to go through that course and pass, right, and they're a few and far between. Well, that sounds like a big missed opportunity in my part that I'd never went to bids to see even if I could do it, just to me, like it's all about the challenge, but I know that. I don't know. Yeah, that sounds, I understand, I'm not, it sounds like I'm making light of how horrible it is. And then only a handful of humans could ever endure such suffering and have the self motivation to do it, but to me, that is the highest level of selection of a supreme being. It's like if you can make it through that stuff, then you're the top level, like you said, Tier 1, right, of the whole human race. Yeah, man, those guys are some tough dudes, but a lot of what we look for, especially operations, our guys like you, right, and you're not, you're not in the military, but you're tier 1 to your two, depending on where you're at and the body will let you be in your right, you know, get there just from waking up one day and saying, hey, I want to fucking do it, going to the gym, even consistently for the next 10 years, it just has to work like that, right, you have to have special, special gear inside you, you have to enjoy going to the dark places and being uncomfortable in the uncomfortable situation, right, and that muscle doesn't grow, just going in there fucking pussyfoot and around, or even going in there working out hard for two hours. That's not what you get it. You know what I mean? So it's the rest-pause sets and the fifth-respause set and in the third set, right, so you've hit failure, I 11 times and three sets, you know, that type of stuff that, the most people tap out way, way before they can, and even if you were body can function, you can just take 10 deep breaths, and now your body's ready to go again, but are you, but are you mentally? Yeah, you hit the nail on the head, people just don't want it, they don't want to go that place, right, your workout begins where your muscle fatiques, right, and if you want to commit to that, and it's like, you might as well not even try. Yeah, as soon as this starts burning, that's when you start counting, there's just in true, of course, for keeping a proper log book, but that's when you know, you're like, okay, now that's getting hard, the reps are getting slower, this is my first effective rep. This is my second effective rep, this is my third effective rep, this is my fourth, oh shit, it's a partial rep, I'm gonna rest for, I'm gonna take 10 deep breaths, and I'm gonna try to get four more reps, and then you get four more reps, and then you get 10 deep breaths, I'm gonna try to get three more reps, you can get three more reps, until you can't even get a single rep, what your leg cannot move it, and that's like, I call that infinite rest-pause, that is just, and that's how I would do my final set in three sets of myometreps, and I'm not gonna say it works, in fact, my numbers are going down because I'm on prep, but maybe I've done that in the offices, and when I had more calories, would be more effective. You know, I like what my Tom Platt said, he said, you push so hard to the point where your tenons are about to rip off your muscle, and then you stop, and that's what a failure looks like, and now it's like, damn, that's pretty deep, you know what I mean? Is it right? Is it wrong? I don't know, there's a hundred different ways to skin the cat, but it's the mental mindset that we're talking about that made him who he was, right? Whether that was the most effective way to build muscle or build strength, whatever it may be. He's probably the only guy in every gym that he walks into, prepared to go to that place, and that's the kind of people you can. The Tom Platt says and the Dorians are the people you look up to, or maybe the lead priests like the greatest of all times, and it's like, they're greatest of all times for genetics and for work ethic. And I think that the biggest difference Tom Platt's in Dorian is Dorian in a ton of injuries from listening to Mike Wencer, where Tom Platt's did listen to anybody, and he never had any real big injuries. Same thing with Lee Priest, he never listened to anybody, he did it all his way, and he never had any injuries. They're all intuitive. What's your opinion on Mike Metscher? I think that Arthur Jones wanted to sell notalist machines, and so he's roped in Mike Wencer and Casey Viadar to come up with the science to generate the concept of circuit trading with notalist machines. And it is logical that you could get go to failure, do rest pause, and you can accumulate a total of 30 effective reps, and you're done with that muscle until it's recovered, then you hit it again. This is logical, but the population that he's marketing with this methodology doesn't have the mental will power to do rest pause sets. So it's kind of like giving keto diets to a fat person, if they have the discipline to do a keto diet, they wouldn't be fat in the first place. Yeah, and even if you do it, it's fucking, I mean, I've tried to keto diet, I did it for like three months, and so I stopped everything came right back. No. So, did you have any injuries when you were working in the military? Yeah, I had a brain injury in 2012. I got an accident in my head on floor, and that was one of the big contributors to my low testosterone in the future. I'd find out. Well, I might even had low testosterone throughout my entire career because I was at the very, was it very beginning, but I was like, we're quarter one, first quarter at the end of first quarter going in the second quarter, crack my head, plus my head wide open, right, at a brain injury end. I had so much memory lost that I didn't even know I had a brain injury, right? Wasn't going to tell I got out of military in 2017 to somebody called me and they're like, hey, you know, we want to get you seen for your brain injury, and I'm like, we're talking. Yeah, it's got the wrong person. It was like, no, we're at off of my social security number, and they were like, yeah, what happened to you in 2012? And sure she had been had a brain injury, injury that damaged my pituitary gland. And so it's very possible that throughout the rest of my career in the military, I had low testosterone and all the problems that come along with it. In fact, I'd be one of the bad that I did. I remember this one time, and I couldn't even tell you why. I got off of work, and I was back in Garrison, right? Just to him, I ran a little job. I got off of work, and I parked my car in my parking lot before I went into my room, and it was just like the day was just too hard. Two months came too fast, and I just couldn't adjust it all now, just to my room. In my car, and I was just like, I was crying, I was so emotional, and I had no idea. Right? Like, I just couldn't take it. It was just, it was just too much coming into my brain at one point in time. And it was like, I couldn't adjust the amount of information in the day's work, and it was just like, I looked back on a noun, like, yeah, 100% in. I was told, it was just a classroom, right? 100% because I still have no feelings today, sometimes on my hormones are often like, you know, I probably was toast from the moment that actually didn't happen, and I just found a way to push through. You've read? Now, I have a two-way cherry regulates a lot more than just testosterone through LH and FSH, and regulates your growth hormone and directly to release his growth hormone. I believe it releases opium, Alano Corden, which controls a bunch of stuff, prolactin, controls cortisol, and the adrenal glands function. So you probably, depending on how badly your protrude cherry is damaged, and you didn't know you had symptoms, you can't retroactively tell me about what kind of symptoms you're dealing with. So how do the VA handle your protrude cherry dysfunction? You know, 20 and now, the VA told me that was good. So like, now, do you're healthy? You're 100% healthy, and I'm like, I've got my heart to believe, because I don't feel healthy. I said, I feel like at age, you know, 15 years overnight, and they were like, what do you mean? I'm telling you, I was like, telling you, like, that's what I'm about back her, it's all of time. I said, I feel like I'm about 15 years older than I am, but at the time, I think it was 28, and I felt like I was 40. I was just wake up, my body would be in so much pain that I would sit there and like, just try to forget about it, right? And it was just had no motivation. I would slam like three scoops of pre-workout, driving the gym, do like a warm-up set of dead looks, getting my car and go home. You said, no, wow. That is the worst feeling. I know exactly how you feel, that the only way you can drag yourself to the gym is to try to use the equivalent of legal hard drugs. Because three scoops of a high-stim free workout is like, shooting, snorting math or something. And then, if you go in there, you do one warm-up set of a deadlift, and you just have this extreme sense of doom and gloom, like, you're, I'm worthless. This is heaviest fuck. It's 135. If feels like a million pounds, why am I even trying? And you just leave. Yeah, the pre-workout never even hit. You know what I mean? It was years of that rough. Probably, I don't say like eight years of feeling like that. When the doctors were in VA, we're just like, wow, you're good. You're test-ocho of that 2018. You're solid-brough. Keep it up. Dreeching this is so fun. I can run, bro. Well, we used to always make the joke, it's like, having orange and walk it off. Do you remember playing soccer? And you get hit in the face really hard. And so, like, the coach tells you to walk it off. I like a view of a boat. Or like a breeze sign. Yeah. Like, here's a, here's a, here's a can-pre-sund and walk it off. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, uh, can-is-oh, and she like, can-is-oh, and she like, can-is-oh, and she's like, can-is-oh, and she's like, I'm too pregnant for this shit. Life's hard. Get a helmet. Next question. That was the best can-our. It was all time- I remember all the time. Yeah. And she left the mic. Like, that is the best, well, of all time. I'm too pregnant for this shit. Life's hard. Get a helmet. Next question. She, she fights a better fight than we fight, man. I lost it. So, it's-he's kid nowadays. They grew up in their district and so entitled and jolost. Yeah. No fucking- No logic experience. They're hypervalidated. Yeah, man. Everything that they feel they're entitled to, it's not about objective reality, it's about their truth. It's like, shut the fuck up and do some math. You'll learn real fast if you learn how to do math, that there is only one reality, and none of us are actually experiencing it. We're all filtering reality through our own cracked lens that every one of us has childhood and adult traumas that cause cracks in our lens. And we perceive reality like a kaleidoscope. And every one of us has no fucking clue what's going on. You know, I heard it best in a Josh Howard tin. He says, you can have real feelings based on incorrect thinking. Right. And that's the scariest thing in the world because once you realize that you're the person who's been having these real feelings based off incorrect thinking, forever and forever more, you just look at yourself like, I was such idiot. How was so stupid dude? You know? I came look back and how I was when I was younger, and I don't like the person I was. I always, I'm trying to be the best person I can be, and I want to be a person that I look back at and actually like. So, I appreciate them. And so like what did the VA didn't do shit? So what did you do about your protruding dysfunction after the VA rejected you and told you to 18 was good enough? Which it legally isn't. It's legally it's not acceptable. Yeah. So that was that was a North Carolina when they told me if it's good to go. And I was like, no way. So for a long time, probably like three years. Probably like three years. I just lived with it. No, it's like, like, this is reality, right? Like, I'm not in the military anymore. Maybe this is just what regular people feel like. Maybe this is normal lights, right? Outside of like, Climb in the mountain and trying to get to the peak top where you know, life is full of excitement and crazy stuff happening around. Maybe this is just like the rollercoaster coming down. And now I'm at a level state where it's like, this is life for me, right? And I think I'm probably about 2018, 2019. I moved to California for a job where I was working for the DOD. And I met my wife and my wife for the rest of the nurse. And she started kind of open my eyes to like, this is a normal thing. Right? And so I, I try to start doing stuff on my own. I went to like a supplement store and I try to test booster. Right? And I'm like, damn, like, I feel good. It's okay. Right now, this is what I should be feeling on a regular basis. Like, this is normal. This is what I felt like before the military. And it was like anything crazy, which is your fucking over the counter, test, osteoarthalister, right? And who knows what that actually does? You know, doesn't, I wouldn't say that it bounced the gears here. Or it falls out like it's chewed as just a fucking pill. Some stuff in it and you take it. But it depends on the brand. Like I have one that I make called Thor's Hammer. And so it stimulates the pituitary act to release the cellage and stimulates the testies to release testosterone. And it should get someone up up to about 40% increase. So in your case, you'd go from a two-eighteen to approximately a three-hundred. Which still is not acceptable. But it was significantly better, right? Right? Right? So after that, all my levels crash. It came out mildly. This has got to be the answer, bro. Like, I got low testosterone. So I went to the VA here on my cake. This is what I did. These are my feelings. These are my findings. What can we do about getting started on testosterone replacement therapy? And there were like, you and even, you and you're not even close. Like, what is tested your levels and you're at like a two, sixty-four. And unless you go below like a two-fifty, we're not even going to have that. We're not even going to get to it, right? You were two-fifty. You were two-fifty before you added the booster. So the booster proved that you're right. That you already qualified and they ignored it. Right. And the thing, this is what the VA does, right? They'll find any reason to do that coverage. Absolutely. And they even, when you do get covered, I'll go into that later. But you only do get covered. Trash, right? So I told, I told the slating, I was not in fighting with her. I should look. Put me on clomid. If my numbers don't move, then I'm good. But if my numbers do move, then be stimulating my natural production, we'll show you that either I'm low or if my numbers don't move at all, then I'm where I'm supposed to be, right? And this is normal for me, and this is normal for me. And she agreed to it. And I started taking clomid for months. And I went from 2, 264, all went up to 3. I want to say like, 360, 7, right? And I'm like, boom, got him, right? This was, this was got to be the answer, right? It's all the credit that they need. And so I came off a clomid, boom, dropped me back down like 2, 20. And they were right. Yep. The chief of endocrinology called me up. And even if I came in, you're a good candidate for testosterone or a place with therapy. And so what I like to do is I like to start. You are a higher milligrams every two weeks. It's a fuck. I don't know any, I don't know any better at this time, right? Right. I'm like, you have absolutely man, like this is, this is the golden ticket, right? So he's like, you just got to bear with me. It's going to take me like, four months to get in a proved. What the fuck? Kid you not, some like cool man, do whatever you got to do. I appreciate it. He was like, this is it. I'm, I'm approving it. I'm just need to get everything in order. And then we'll get you started. So I would off to T.R. and T.R. and come like, fuck it. I'll pay for the next four months until this guy gives me the out if two weeks later he calls me up. And I'm like, hey man, you know, I went to T.R. T.R. and it's about for your word. And I got started just until we get I'm under your care. Right? Do you got so pissed off? I'd be that, uh, and constantly out until we'll get, I would never get testosterone to a, no matter what, he would make it to, you would make it his life's mission to ensure that I never, or for a place to therapy, right? All of a as he go. All of a as he go, dude. But the how dare you got help. You didn't even contradict him. You don't even contradict him. You just use somebody, another doctor, to bridge the gap. Right. Right. In between that four months, right. So I'm like, Ain't no fuck away. Like I'm not that guy, brother. Like you're not just going to take advantage of the rights. So if I put him to clinical appeal, and I went up to the chief of staff for the hospital. And I, I printed everything out. But we'll, we'll, we'll, we'll, we'll, we'll, we'll all his money. Oh, he, he did it by email. Well, in the VA, they have to, they have to write all their notes. It is just, uh, see, at the page, I have access to that system. So I've, I've written it all lost. I'm too smart for that. And I have nothing in writing. Everything's phone calls only. Yeah. So I printed all this stuff off, right? And I'm like, look, here's all my lab results. Here's the chief for inner chronology. Here's his doctor notes. And I think it's a chief of staff. And I said, boom, I sort of owned by the way. Here's what it says now in my file. So this chief of inner chronology went back and changed his doctor notes to reflect something different. Right? Oh. He redacted us. He redacted us. This is the kind of, you see, I said, I'm a bitch. I'm not. So black ops medical. I know. Black ops medical. But she, what she did, she said, well, I agree with you that you need testosterone replacement therapy. She said that much is, is up here. And she said, let me do what I got to do. I'll get back with you. So she called me back. I went back up to the VA. And she said, I met with a chief for inner chronology. And I put the decision in his play. And he said, no, so that's what we're doing. And I said, you realize, if the chief for inner chronology, who just, essentially, I mean, what's that that the oath of doctor? Do you know harm to your patient? Right? Do you know harm? Do you know harm? I said, it's this guy who is now doing harm to me. And you gave the decision back to him, based off his ego, he took no twice. It's a loophole. He's not doing anything. So it's not, do you know harm by omission? It's do no harm at in literal sense. So that's why they're so, what, if you were wanted to be just as hard, they would, they just will not treat women with HRG because they know they don't know what they're doing. And so that, therefore, they get to observe their oath by taking no chances, by their total cowards. They're solely selfish cowards. Yeah, all they care about is protecting their license. They don't give a fuck about their patients. They don't, absolutely, Matt. So that's what started my journey in the clinics, right? And my first clinic, they started me on 150 milligrams, it's all great. I'm like, we're moving into the right direction. That much is fucking 100% up here. We're moving into right direction. The month later, they brought me in, they were like, we're going to bump you up to 200 milligrams. And I was like, we'll walk. And they were like, well, you know, it's just some, some nurse practitioner that was there. It was not a doctor, not a, you know, I'm an MBA or anybody with any real education, right? And I thought to say that she didn't know what she was doing, right? It's just, right. For me, it's a patient, that's something I care about. Like, I want to talk to somebody who wants to school for the shit that they can really talk to. Anyway, she brought me up 200 milligrams and from that point on, and I don't think I've been under 200 milligrams ever. Ever. Yeah, I'm sorry. What was the dosing protocol she gave you for this 200 milligrams? Every seven days. What the week? What the fuck? Did you get symptoms? Like, side effects? Now, did you not really mean me, also with you like, over, I've never been one of those guys to, still like the climbs and the drops, right? The peaks and drops and valleys, whatever you call them. I've always, even at once a week, like I felt from energy perspective, I've never dropped off. The only thing that I ever had problems with low-essage. I actually got them bothered me, no symptoms, no nothing. Low-essage and wrenks me. I don't know what I'm saying. So what did you say then, if you do this shot, so I'd be fedically on day one, then day seven, you were feeling the low-essage and symptoms? No, no, I think I never had low-essage in because it aromatized so much once a week, right? It's like you'd be... Right. My estrogen would usually be around like 60 to 70. And they would take a Rimmadax or an Asherson's all to combat that. Even though I don't feel like I needed it, I never needed it, so I would take that stuff. And then I would crash my estrogen like they're immediately. So I think what I'm one of those guys who is super sensitive to a Rimmadax or any sort of rummatace inhibitor, it just immediately crashes me. Probably because you're so lean. Yeah, they're like 12% right now. Yeah, the lower the body fat, the lesser rummageization occurred. Well, I thought like 80% of the rummatization came from your testosterone, then the rest of it came from like your fellow meribody fat, your brain. My understanding is 100% of it comes from testosterone, but it occurs in your bone marrow, your body fat, and your brain. Okay, that's where it actually happens. Right. That's where the testosterone gets converted into a... In women, it's when it's leaving the ovary. So I'm in the center of the ovary, it's testosterone, and then as it leaves the ovary, aromatases on the external layer of the ovary, and it gets converted into estrogen. Okay. So even this is what I really enjoy about working with you is, I've probably been through about, I don't know, like 10 doctors, right? And even at a conversation about estrogen, they can't tell you anything about it. They can say, well, there's not a lot of research on it, or, you know, what's the ratio, or how what's the protocol, right? How do you find, or how do you optimize your client's? If you don't even know how to find correct estrogen, call it test-to-act results, then that person. All right. So that's why being a body builder is more important than being a disease manager, right? Medical school teaches people to manage disease. You're not in the health care industry. You're in the disease management industry, whereas a body builder is about optaking a human and evolving it, transhumanism is about taking a human and making it better. This is what God did, and then you're like, hold my protein shake, I'm going to do it better, which is arrogant, who brass, like Icarus, you're flying so close to the sun, you're going to burn your wings. And that's why guys get hurt so bad. Great news. I am not partnered with Talon Wellness. Talon Wellness will be able to provide you your medication, so you get your consult with me. I will review the blood work you got through M&M labs, and Talon will be the HRT clinic that will get you your medication delivered to your home. So there's nothing that changes on your part. All you do the same thing, you get the consult with me. Link is in the description box, and I take care of everything. It's just that now it is now a different HRT clinic and the lab process is going to be even smoother. The prices will also be lower than they were with the previous HRT company. So this is all good for everyone. You'll love it. Click the link in the description box, set up your consult today and on with the show.

Worry! You're watching Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. Hello, I'm Dr. Todd Lee. I'm a medical doctor, IFBB Pro Bodybuilder and Biochemist. I look like shit. The reason why I look like shit is because I just had surgery. And now this is what I'm going to do to get healthy, to get over surgery faster. When I had gyno surgery, the surgeon didn't believe me when I told her I'd heal faster than normal man. But then she was flabbergasted. She said I was like a bionic man. She couldn't believe how fast I healed. And this is what I do to heal. So first I'm going to disinfect the tops of these containers. It's not the alcohol that kills the bacteria. It's the drying of the alcohol lies. The cell walls of the bacteria. Now I'm going to explain each one I decide to do them as I do them because if I do them in advance and do them second and do them third. We will confuse you. It will confuse you. So post surgery you want to have good collagen synthesis. Good collagen synthesis. So what do we do here? We have a few different agents. We don't have all of the agents. I'm also going to bust out my trusty TB500. And then here is my PPC157. So since I have open wounds, I know exactly where it's going to get this. I won't be doing the injection on video because that is against the community guidelines. Alright, so pop off the lids. And you don't really have to disinfect them. So we'll see you too. I'm not really a germifoam. Alright, so the ones that are made, the ones to be made. So we're going to make the ones to be made first. So they have time to properly dissolve. We're dealing with five milligrams of PPC. So we are going to add in 10 or 100 IU's of back water. Not complicated, right? This is a nice round numbers. So we can do easy mental math every morning when we're exhausted. We only have to wake. So put this together against the glass. Hold it there. Release its vacuum seal. So we're going to have to plug some air into there. So that it isn't vacuum sealed so that when you go to draw up, it's not a problem. And as you can see, it's not vacuum. It's sucked at all. Alright, we're good. Next one. Also, we're going to take up some water here. I love water. Water loves me. So you can up too. Time. I know I'm wearing a goofy ass shirt. It's just for surgery. You can't have pullovers. So you have TB500, one of my favorites. Okay. We're going to talk about this a little bit. And what was the world down for this? We're talking about pain. I remember what the world even was for this video. Can I do you remember the goal for this video was? We're talking about what drugs you're going to use to bounce back. Oh, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Okay, make sense. Okay. So first, what was my normal HRT protocol? So a lot of doctors are going to want you to pull your drugs because they're going to see those drugs affect your PT, PT, and other clotting factors. Now what these mental migitans haven't figured out is, if your blood was drawn on those drugs at those doses and they get that you have good clotting times, then to change that by taking you off the drugs would then change the clotting times and make their job harder. They're just not smart. So my HRT dose, which is extremely low for me, is TESSIP at 300. This is yielding only 660 testosterone and a 37-IGF1. So I could easily be running double this and still be in a very safe zone. My estrogen is only a six-upness, which is pretty much too low, but that's because I'm running 15 EQ. This is 30-sub. Now we are going to use water label. Does EQ? It's not really Q, it's really Q, it's illegal. And then we're going to take five of the EQs, so it's 15. So that right there, 20 on the insulin syringe is 30-tastin 15 EQ. And in my body, it's only yielding 660 total test 37-DCT-6-STIL. And with my 6-UNUSG-H, a 293-IGF1, and you're like, but, how could you have a 293-IGF1 from only a 6-Uxer dial? And the answer is the amount. Right now I'm running a fair amount of amount, and this leads me to believe that the amount, the estrogenic effects of amount, isn't just bad. That the estrogenic effects of amount is, let's see, here, 15-20. Right? Five, so that was 15-5-1-2-3-4. Yep, that's right. So the amount converts to a version of estrogen that doesn't show up on tests, but if it's driving up IGF1, then it means that the only real reason to use testosterone of that point is a DGET precursor since the mentconcring provide the estrogen precursor. Now, from here, what was the question again? The original question for this video. What drugs are going to use to bounce back from surgery? From surgery. Okay, so this is the basic antibiotic amount. This is going to help prevent me from losing muscle while I'm not lifting. Now to have collagen synthesis occur. The collagen synthesis represented by the anofar, the testosterone, the GH and the GHKCU. So right here, we've got the GHKCU. I believe this is, and I might be wrong by believe this is a little bit more collagen type 2, which is also known as a last one. All right, we've got to take care of that. Then we have some anestheton, and this is, we can see B500. So we won't somaticide number 2 because that's super critical. We know that it drives up collagen type 1, and we believe it also drives up collagen type 2, but not to the same extent. The worst thing you could do is run anabolic steroids, which drives up collagen type 1, but not drive up the GH and like GHKCU, which drives up collagen type 2, because which will give us super brittle tendons, and you get stronger until they snap. All right, and then, TB500 does a whole bunch of things, the anti-inflammatory, and increased vasculation of the area. The cool thing about the TB500 is it doesn't have to be a little cool. You can shoot it any, it's just great. And last but not least, the BPs 5 song. I don't particularly like this one as much as the others, because you have to inject it directly into the tissue that's injured, and that's very painful, especially immediately pre-op, and that's when this matters the most. So I've got full load out, a lot of people are like, oh, your peptides aren't going to work, because you mix them together. If you're already doing a good move, I don't know if you can see this. There's no cloudiness, there's no protein-diene iteration. This is all serious, it's all rip-away and ready to go. It's Christine Queen, it looks amazing. It could be a diamond for accounters. That's how perfect this looks. Now, I'm not going to inject this, but if I was going to inject it, what I would do is this.

Worry! You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. Free training video pre-workout stack. So, because I want to look bigger in the videos, or at least have a full pump even though I'm depleted on a diet, I don't have to do this option, but one thing I'll do before a video that I wouldn't normally do is on top of the sublingual biagra. I'll crush up 25 milligrams of adindrome and stick it in the pocket under my tongue. With the DMSO that's in the sublingual biagra, and then I will also inject every muscle I'm training with injectable pre-workout. Whereas instead normally I do like 100 millimetre, and I know I'm measuring in milliliters because it's a multi-concentration blend. So I am in this instance using volume. I use one millimetre of the pump amino acid blend pre-workout, but normally biolaterally for the primary targets of that work out either triceps or lats. When I'm doing a video that I'm doing multiple body parts, like let's say arms, then I'll do the heads that I want to grow on both sides. Or if I was doing a upper body workout, I would do both lats, both middle-bout, both rear delts. But that's the point. I would use way more of injectable pre-workout, and I would add in an adrol. Now of course, of course, of course, I'm using my fenders fury, and I'm using one scoop of my intro battle lead in the pre-workout, and then two to three scoops, intro, because my workouts are usually based on my height, I'm basically my weight, and the length of the workout, I'm a four to five scooper, but in contest prep I cut that down to like four scoops, three to four scoops. And I usually start it in the pre-workout, because I use a 45 ounce shaker cup, so it takes me a long time to drink all the pre-workouts. So I'm usually finishing up the pre-workout while I'm already lifting, so I put some intro workout in with the pre-workout. That doesn't mean everyone should do that, because I know a lot of you guys are using little baby 24 ounce shaker cups, like bitches, you didn't watch the hydration video and go and get the 45 ounce shaker cup, like I told you two fuckers. Well, another thing I also add in for the video shoots is baking soda. I use 7 and 1.5 grams of baking soda, didn't really do shit, but 15 grams of baking soda really makes a difference. I don't think it's the bike carbonate, even though people will tell you it's elastic acid buffer, that would be assuming that it actually made it to your vein, but we're not using a Star Trek teleporter to teleport the bike carbonate into the veins, nor re-enjecting baking soda into our veins. We're putting in our stomach and the stomach of stomach acid, so all you're really doing is the bike carbonate is breaking down into CO2 gas and water, so you're just going to be burping it up. Well, the reason why the baking soda makes such a huge impact on your pump is from the sodium. So again, we're right back to restarted. Were you doing, it's expensive salt that's with bike carbonate rather than chlorine, so it will help buffer. A lot of people have very acidic drinks because they like the ad citric acid to a lot of your flavoring, so it has this taint to it, because people are little bitches and they want to have flavorful little beverages. And they don't have what it takes to put the sublingue of the MSO in their mouth and just fucking suffer. And so they will never achieve victory. Great news. I am now partnered with Talon Wellness. Talon Wellness will be able to provide you your medication, so you get your consult with me. I will review a blood work you got through M&M labs and Talon will be the HRT clinic that will get you your medication delivered to your home. So there's nothing that changes on your part. All you do the same thing. You get the consult with me. Link is in the description box and I take care of everything. It's just that now it is now a different HRT clinic and the lab process is going to be even smoother. The prices will also be lower than they were with the previous HRT company. So this is all good for everyone. You love it. Click the link in the description box to set up your consult today and on with the show.

Worry! You're watching Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. What's up from scratch? Hi, I'm Dr. Todd Lee. I am an I-FU-Fro Medical Doctor and biochemist. And I'm going to go over my training split with you. So you can understand how I do what I do. So right over here, you've got Monday, isn't off day. I have therapy, massage therapy, and I play, um, function dragons on Monday. That's, that's a me day. It's also a high day. This is a high carb day to load up for the shit. That night, because it's a high day, I'll also take my red and two-sided. And I know normally I say do stuff every day in this case, because it's a high day is Monday and a high day is Friday. If I do read a two-chide to the this day, then I get more appetites of pressure for these days. I mean, this is another high day. And I'm going to get more appetites of pressure for these days. Okay. Upper, lower, upper, lower, upper, lower, lower. I did color coat this on my version. It just didn't look good on the computer. And I'm alive. All right. So, what is the top priorities? So, according to Tyler Manion, the NPC and I have baby, if I share that he wants to see me bring up my lats, my back thickness, my arms a little bit, and bring my waist out a little bit. Now, part of that was I fucked up peaking. My waist looked great on Tuesday at one 84, but by the two-chide step of stage at one 95, my waist looked like shit. So, priorities are lats, upper back, slightly arms, slightly smaller waist. That was nine months ago. My upper back has grown. My triceps have grown. My biceps and lats not really. My waist, there's nothing really wrong with my waist except for the peak. Priority one is going to be lats. So, on day one, exercise body part one is lats. Priority two is arms. So, you'd think that the next thing would be arms, right? No, day two priority one, like slot one goes to arms. Now, since my triceps grew in my biceps did it, I'm going to alternate a tricep and a bicep exercise. This is better for mechanical tension. It's not as good for a pump. So, if it was biceps, more than triceps, how do you'll bicep bicep, tricep tricep tricep tricep. But what I'm doing is triceps biceps triceps biceps. And then it repeats. Notice this has upper one, upper two, upper three. They're different exercise. And I'm going to show you the exercises. When personally I want you to be in the pattern and the split. So, why did I put lats two three times? Why did I just put lats six? Because it's three different exercises for lats. With two sets each, with a myomatch, which means that if I got 12 reps with set one, then I have to get 12 reps with set two. When I use rest paws, not cheating, not four straps to get there. So, it means I got a for example, if I'm doing a cable pull down and I got a 15 reps of set one. And then set two, I get 12 reps and I get like a partial rep for 13. I'm going to let go and stretch. And hold that stress for 10 deep breaths. And then try to get the next couple reps. And you keep doing that until you hit the target number in this case was 15. Or you can't get a single complete rep. All right. So then I have these different exercises, three different lat exercises, then one upper back moment. Then a press, then a lateral left-held lateral delts with myomatch. Notice there's no myomatch on press. And so forth and whatnot. And there's no myomatch on reps. You just let chest and my abs are my best body parts. I'm not going to put intense new metaphors on them. Okay. So, Dave's who tries to buy a, tries to buy a three sets hamstring myomatch rep. Add doctor, quad extension three sets, then caps. You'll notice there's no swad patterns. It's because I hurt many. When I went from bandit hacks, swaths, doing the rep range I like to do, which is 12 to 20. I listen to Paul Carter's advice about this four day. Eight rep range. I took the band off because I couldn't, I maxed up the machines. The hackspot machines with reverse band. So I took the band off and reduced the weight a little bit. Four eight reps was enough, man. The quad couldn't keep up. So I should never have ever followed that vice. Incredibly bad vice. Now for months I've had an injured knee. It might take a couple of years to heal. The swath one got injured by my heal coming up and couldn't about two years to heal. So for two years my legs didn't grow. My off season my legs run more than they had last five years. Took that reverse band off. This needs spot. So I'm the silver lining is with the leg extensions. I'm able to hit jaws the lateral head. So I'm able to make my legs look better, even though they're not getting bigger. That's easier to do at body part part body part. So I'm going to start with legs first because this is simplest. Not because it's the most important. So handstrings. This is, I'm, okay, this is it. What are let's do it in order? Tuesday, West Blumfield. I'm doing a lat exercise. This is a side backs. Hold on machine. I'm able to hit my lats really good because just in the saggy on plane normally tells them to one hour at a time and lean. I don't, I'm that specific machine. I feel more lats when I do both arms at the same time. That is not a rule that this is the exception. All right. The next is overhand pull ups. I hit my upper lats. That's the racket. Lats better. So this, one bar lat, this, the racket lat. This, I use the hammer strength d y row. That's the underhand one. You see, Derek Lunsford use a lot in Shonklerido. I feel my whole lat light up like a Chinese fan. All right. The upper back row is a mat day is the low to high hammer strength row. It, I hit mostly traps and red dolls before I move on to the other body parts. I'm going to priority one's backs. So I'm going to move jump ahead to the next back day. The next back day, the first exercise is straight arm. Sadgial plane cable pulled on straight arm. Not bent arm straight arm cable pulled down. And of course, watch the videos of me actually training because I know someone in the comments seems to be like, you've really nice to people to video up. German straighting load these exercises work when they're on my Instagram. They're on the training videos. This is me just explaining what I said. If you ask I really nicely maybe he'll put up in the corner of video of me doing this exercise. But from the side, it looks like no. With a cable, a chat show the rest. And that's how I, my last, a very last life. And then, shoot. It's at your double cable pull down. I like to line it up so that I'm not coming out with my album that I'd urging. And I'm not out here pulling in. It's very close. If you can't find a bar that you flew right there, take two de-handles and pull them apart as you come down. It works kind of the same way. It really good to stretch. You might have to kneel down on the floor and I use a seat. This day in particular, I actually do three sets of this and three sets of this. And then this is really three sets. And it's combined. It's a seated cable, a coaxial row. Something from, I saw from Nuttar, is your child. It's a seated cable row, but you've been all the way forward like Arnold Schwarzenger. You don't do half rep in it. But you try to stretch your lower back of your hamstrings as much as possible. The final lat workout, I'm Saturday. It's two sets of a satellite pronated semi-neutral grip pull-up. Then it's two sets of these, I use two arms and it's a row machine that hits my lats really good. It's called the matrix. It's kind of let a lot Rogers three way, but it's not. And then the last is, Dave got to dual cables. I go 12 on one side, rust, and then 12 on the other. I think you're rusting between, but I can't anchor. They don't have any handle of anchor to your knees and lean over. So I held each handle, like, you're then myself from linear. So that's the lats. So I'm hitting 16 sets of lats, 18 sets of lats, and two sets of upper back. I did color code this, you could just see blue and see green. It'd be easy to total up. But we're going to this foot here. 18 lat. Then next upper back. Six up for back. That's probably one bat. Priority two arms Friday arms. So first is try set push down. Then I use the W bar and I push a part with the high bulletine our eminence and I push a part. I don't push in. That would be more chest push a part. So I'd also look at cutting the water. But my hands, that's I do the W bar. And the next thing I do is I do the right front front for rows. It's kind of like, just your arms out of the side on this port. I mean, some machines, most of curl up the other plant of things. This is what would red bull care to add Martin. The things water figured out is if you just say, bucket to the machine and just use dumbbells to work flatter. So it's a good lay it in partial approach. Then the next try set thing I do is going to be, I do the sword pulls. One arm at a time. And then I go and then I do my biceps. I use because I'm using the three low shoot circles. I do Bayesian curls. I notice if the way my arms bend they come in like this. So I line the cable up with my forearms. I don't make the cable coming the inside of the outside. I don't try to fit the cables. I make the cables fit in it and lie in the anatomy. All right. And with some day arm day, I'm going to do triceps. I do my Vulcan triceet, which is I use the longest handles. Keep my elbows as far back as I can. And kick back. So I can work the long hit in the stretch position. I'm going to contract the position the most. Then just like how this works the long hit in the stretch position the most, this can work the long hit in the contract position the most. Then I go into the smaller handles and pull apart to work the lateral hand. And then this part of the triceet, I keep my hands together and I push down. I had to work my chest and it gets the medium head and a little bit of long head. Then I move on to biceps. I do preacher dumbbell curls. One hour is high. Of course, all this is my own matriops. So far everything I've mentioned is my own matriops. Triiceps, I then take the dumbbells and do dumbbells. So it pulls because I'm right there with dumbbells anyway. And then I go dumbbells. I call it justice curls because I learn them from Nick justice. It's alternating hand with curls until you can't do any more. And then you do it at a time when you use a little bit of swing. And the swing creates a stretch of your throat. It's not a stretch. It's a little bit of swing. Go to interior shut off. Then my fucking problem. All right. That's ours. So we have up, last was 16 upper back with six. You got triceps. 18 and then biceps. 18. All right. That's what volume so far. Plus three sets. I'm doing it inclive hammers. I'm going to use an incline. Sliced in for us. Normally I'd be closed, gripping like this. I'd be doing almost a giant press to get more triceps. And this trice upper is so I went out and I grabbed the bar and I'm doing old fashioned gitching style. Trust. Silling and quiet, self-degree incline. I'm still doing a gitching and I'm wrapping my thumbs and pulling it apart if I have. First I push it in. And it's just for it to fail. Then I'll pull it apart to have the triceps. All right. There's no myomatropos on those. Consider it. All right. Because this is a strong point. So I can always do an energy. I'll be the minimum three sets. Then two days later, cross again. This one is a vertical hand restraint shoulder press machine that able this long to a 60 degrees. And I was able to push right up. I try to come in as enough so that it's triceps and pacts upper backs, but not so far out that it's anti-redults and not so closely that it hurts my elbow. Then on the third upper day, I need dumbbell pressies. I tried to do dumbbells in to my side. I did this. You see a lot of guys doing this. That's a lot of struttle part. And anti-redal. Then I'll see some guys doing this, which is a little bit curler-headed. Right? I'm doing a like this. It's almost all tricep. And then as the entire, I then move them out a little bit and we're curled down a clipped killer hand. Then if I'm really tired, I can then fill out here and use the sterling. So that's why I think that dumbbell presses, if you were of the correct skill level, the dumbbell presses are the best. And that's what probody will this for, but dumbbell presses. But that's why you see every broccoli-headed child doing armbal. All right, that is packs. Packs goes here. Now you'll notice it's not a priority, but I put it there for a reason. And the reason was because I used to have delts before packs. And the delts got bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger and the packs just got looking smaller and smaller and smaller and smaller. So now, mid-off season, I've changed the priority. I was doing two sets three times a week. Now I'm at three sets three times a week. All right. Now the next priority is going to be hamstrings. Hamstrings, I'm doing seated leg curl. My own match rap, pretty straight forward. I've got videos explaining how to do that. Lying leg curl, then I'm doing seated leg curl. I'm not doing straight leg deadlifts. I'm not doing anything fancy because I've torn each hamstring at least three times. And the only thing that doesn't tear my hamstrings are the leg curls. So I'm just doing it defensive way in I'm doing nine sets per week. And they recover very well this and they've grown quite a bit. And here's how I can tell you why. Because I used to use delts moist, lie hamstring for a couple of years ago. And 120 was very challenging for like 12 or 13 reps. Right now I'm using the, like, very first back week back used to doing it. I just was able to 1, 60 for 13. So I put a significant amount of mass in my hamstrings without using any tip of hit-ranging and deadlift. If you don't have an over-developed buck or Christmas tree, then you wouldn't want to do straight leg deadlifts. But if you remember I'm doing the seated cable row with the flexion row, that's a way of loading my lower back. Let's just say my attention if that unloading my upper back. If you do it that over row, your lower back is doing more work thingy-rup. So depending if I have it, it's super devout blue and lower back from powerlifting. And a super devout core in bloops from powerlifting. Then nothing, I don't need to do any more squatting and deadlifting. I've done 30 years of squatting and deadlift. Now switching from bodybuilding to classic physique, I need to fix the mistake of having a gloop and a waist that should be. Which means I don't need to load that shit. As long as I can grow my quad sweet and as long as I grow my hamstrings, I will be improving my legs. I personally, other people, including Chad GVJ, thinks that my quads and my hamstrings are proving with this. Now that brings up the next priority, middle delts. I'm doing nine sets of myelmatraops. Middle delts, I'm doing on J1, the time to be all lying, dumbbell raised. As I've been in a couple of videos, I'm making Instagram. The next time, on the next upper day, I'm hitting middle delts again. I'm going to be using cables. Lattel cable raised. It's a very coupled, scated thing. You got to watch the video. If you guys super nice, we'll find the video. We'll shot in the past and I'll throw it up. The last day, I'm in Milford. I'm using the machine. Now, if I go down to RTV, I'll use what are their machine. I love the machine lateral raises. One arm or two arm, they're great. But I also like the cable and I also like my very specific way of the line. One thing I want to mention, I put the bench at 45 degrees and I brought myself up on the elbow. And I rested down, blowing my leg, and then come up. So those are my favorite ways to hit middle delts. The next priority would be adductors. All right, adductors really got a six. The reason why they're in here, they're really not the best priority. It's just I don't want to do any pressing without free warming up my head. I just feel like I don't want to tear my groin. So life caps, it's a lower priority thing, but it's higher in the roster. I don't do lial match rep on them. Or I do actually do do lial latch rep. I used to do two sets of adductors machine, because you want to make your thighs as big as possible. The adductors are as important as they have strings in the quad, so you go over, look up. The next priority is going to be quads. And I'm doing nine sets of leg extensions a week. I would normally do three sets of leg extensions and two sets of either reverse banded hacks, what, or a pendulum squat, or a belt squat, or a leg for us. I want minimal actually loaded, and I want to have them. There'd be some tension in the hyperfluxion position, but I don't want them to be so much nearsch near me, sharing forest that it destroys the knees. That's why I think the reverse banded hacks squat is fantastic. The belt squat's great too. Handzones squat's great, so our TV, I'll use the handzones squat. Add, whilst Bloomfield, I'll use the sidebeck squat press, which is a very famous, special type of leg thrust. There has a articulating foot pad to allow for poor ankle mobility. Things I do, I wear knee sleeves. I put butcher balm on under the knees. Then on my work sets, I use gas wraps, and wrap my knees like powerlifting. Then as you will hopefully see a knee leg thrust video that is on Instagram, I eternally rotate my femurs. I eternally rotate my femurs on my leg curls, and seated leg curls on abductors, on leg extensions, and on process. Every fucking thing I do for my legs, might be don't look like this, then look like this. I have rotating them from the femur. Like, I can't. I do single-legged extensions because my knee hurts. Otherwise, I would be using double legs. What I found was for the quad presses, if I go heavy enough, I'd have to stimulate them correctly, my rep range is so low I get hurt. If I go light enough, that I don't hurt my knee, I run out of air. So thanks to Drew Dileinson, I'm using cluster sets in my process. So you'll notice that I don't have any process for a ground in the air. That's because they don't do them on one of these days. I do them every fifth day, so on week one, it'll be on lower three. Then on week two, it'll be on lower two. And then week three, it'll be on lower one. And then week four, it'll be on lower three. And they're different things. So on week one, lower one, it's going to be the belt squat. On lower two, it's going to be the Sissy squat. And on lower three, it's the true squat because I'm at no line on that day. I took the reverse band and hacks completely out because I kind of, I didn't two times a week or about eight months. And I was giving up to eight plates aside on one and the side, I got just six out of the other and I was doing great when I took the reverse band off because of Paul Carter and I got her. So my biggest advice is you can listen to what he says, but whatever you do, do not listen about that four to six drop shift. That always keep your up to the level of edges because it doesn't matter if it goes from muscles to your heart, your joints, then you're never going to go up to go. So the worst advice I'm going to do that might as well just shoot eight hundred load games and try the way. It's in the same day as the four to six drop song. That look at things like shoulders. All right. Now, as far as weird else, got it in three times a week, I like the reverse pack deck if it's good reverse pack. I do the good one, the side backs evil three on Tuesday. And then on Thursday, I usually do a cut down. It's kind of the same thing as the straight out of the old house. It's just a lads. And if you angle out just right and you throw traction scapula, you can hit the rear dog more. All of the those exercises get trice. Got to be thinking. So I'm getting the trice out with some of the land exercises and all the chest things for presses. I was going to try steps on walls too. So guess what I hear. Look at this. We're getting nine more sets of presses. And then we're getting three more sets of all straight arms, six more sets of rear adults that used up triceps because your elbows locked. And we're using an abwheel once a week, which we haven't gotten to. So that's nine more. So I'm actually hitting my triceps 18 with aging direct sets, but I'm getting with aging indirect sets. I'd like to point out that these upper back sets, you're getting indirect artwork. And you're also on all these lads, upper backs, you're getting indirect by seven work. Okay, handstrings. There's building direct work, middle dots, middle indirect work. Add doctors. There's a little bit of indirect work if you do process, but I don't do them. Quads, there's no indirect work. That leaves the last thing is rear adults. We've just said we get nine sets. I told you, and the last day, I'd load you up two the days. The last day, I sit in a chair. This is the key here. I sit in a chair and I do face pulls. But I do face pulls to the rear adult and the makes you really rotate. So I'm a sternly rotating during face pulls. This is after I done the lateral raises to get the pump. And actually, I see where I'm down on the sides. I do the machine later roles to get the pump in the middle of the belt that I sit in it, share internally rotate. Pull, bad, I pull a part. I don't just pull bad. I pull a part. That gets my rear adults, my upper back and it gets my middle once. So I'm going to eat all of the extra stimulus on other places. I'm not going to fill in the stimulus. I have everything I'm doing. That's what I'm doing. Now, there's abs. I'm doing abs roller three times a week. She's trying to substance chest also. I'm getting the hang knee raises, which gets the hip flexures and the rectus for more of the quad with the additional volume. And I'm doing planks through television. So that's life. That's of abs. And then last but not least, his calves. I pre-litch due to toe press, which is like a seated donkey press. Then I do a different toe press, which looks like a seated donkey press. And then I do a donkey press, a donkey cat, which is basically a donkey cat. So I do basically nine sets of donkey jams a week. And those are my own mat reps as well. It's polished volume did I actually do it because Roger could just tell me I need to do more volume. So I have a little bit of volume, right? So we could put in here. Let's see, this is a spreadsheet so this should be easy enough. Equal, no equal, 18 plus nine plus six plus 18 plus 18 plus 18. Or a meds cut up there. Then plus got the limit. Why do you go to one of their playing? This is crap. Shift plus nine for hamstrings, plus I give you this in my head faster than this fucking thing. Nine plus six plus nine plus nine plus nine plus nine. So 120 nice. I was doing 80 Roger told me to take it closer up to order to 10 and now it's 129 sets. Now I want you to take in consideration. That means that as a me I reaching failure a hundred and twenty nine times because I'm doing my own mat reps. So on the second set, I've hit a rust boss and a third set I'm doing two rust bosses. Every time it says three sets, it's six times I'm going to need a value. So the basically if we were to eliminate the ad duck, what is it the process? The process are the only things I'm not mile match reps. So we could eliminate nine from this number 120. We're actually doing two hundred and forty times I'm taking a set to failure plus nine. So two hundred and forty nine sets actual failure reps were accomplished. I'm not doing one RAR. I want to have some failure or hundred times. And people are going to be like, well this is the opposite of what you teach us to do. I'm not your right because this is my split. It took me nine months to build up to this. This is not for someone to do. If someone was hit, I want to do it upper lower split. How do I do that? My seller fell does upper lower, upper lower, uh, Terence does the same shit. They did two sets per exercise pretty much, providing hard. So they're way lower volume than me. It doesn't make that long. It doesn't make me right. It's just that I did that for whole off season. And during the off season, I would come to the poorly. Pissots winter. And you're, it's the best thing you're forced to be near yourself. And right now I'm in the transitional phase to where I'm eating a reasonable motor, you know, honestly, I'm now the drugs are coming back in and they're different drugs prep. I've got tons more energy. Except for when I fell asleep in the middle of this last time, that's why I'm able to handle this right now. If the food starts coming down, and harder, it starts blowing up. As the gear goes up, and my performance starts decreasing, if my log book starts taking a shit, let's see what's a log book has to say. Well, scroll bench, scroll scroll scroll. So where were we Friday? What's today? Oh boy, I hate songs. I hate songs. Where is it when what day are we on Tuesday? Tuesday, where are you? Tuesday. Here we go. All right. If you look, sidebecks pulled on, I got 130 sure 15. If you notice, if you ignore set one, because it was an acclamation set, I used a little too much weight. So we're going to compare set one here, set one there, instead, I went up five pounds, but I lost a half of a rep. So 14 plus one means that I got to have a rep. There's a certain point where a pulley hits a line, and that's where I know where the bottom line rep goes. So I made progress there. Second set, I definitely lost progress on the second set, but I did a rust pause to make up for the second exercise. I killed it. Instead of getting negative 81 pounds on this is gold for 12, I got negative 75 to 15. So maybe it was too light before. Now four out of four, right here means that I had a four pump and a four mine muscle connection. All right, do you why row? I was 115, but I'll again nine the time before, because I've working with some people, and they were using too much weight, but I didn't this time I did 90, I got 10 plus one, and then the second set 90, I got 10 plus one. So it looks like what performance is a little lower this way. So here up right row, I'm up right. Oh, this is that machine. That machine, the hamster, it's a lot of high row. It was a little too heavy, because I already got nine plus one rep. So I dropped the weight down by 10 pounds and got 12. The second set, I did 90 last time, and this time I got 115 and I got 10. So it's hard to compare performance, but notice I've still got a four to four pump and a four to four in my muscle connection. So it's time. This is a little bit easier compare. I got 11 and a partial. So 11 solid reps, if I'd stopped it, 11 reps would have been one I or R. But I went for a partial and that was why it's just plus one. So I wanted to failure. Anytime I had a plus one, that's a failure. So I got a partial rep. Like this, I think I got 12, but I lost count in the middle, because I don't have someone counting for me. I have to concentrate. The second set, I think I got two more reps, but I'm not positive. The third rep I got two last reps. And you're going to say incline gross 225 in the end shit. I was doing 15 for five, and I decided because my elbow was hurting, I was going to drop the weight weight down and work higher, a rough range. And that's four to four both times. So so far, I've never really seen a big amount of improvement in this week. And leaning lateral 25 got 19 and I didn't count that point. Second set, 25 inches of chain didn't really count that set. I just put flush and march because I took it to failure and did the rest balls, but how to preoccupied and emotionally with so lot of stuff that was going on in my life and I wasn't able to concentrate as much. That's why I'm important to put you forward, and you're not disturbed, but I had a lot of business not blowing up while I was mid workout. And then again, here, my performance was better. I'm third set. So if we ignore these first two sets, which I knew I'd boss in my ass, my third set was so much better than my third set, the look before. That's a pretty big jump in performance coming through extra reps. All right, weird out. I was so unfocused. I wasn't able to pay attention. But what was going on? Planks all tied record of two minutes and 30 second plank. And then my second record is two minutes, 20 seconds. Part of that, my record is two minutes to get and then I did a hang assisted where I hauled and I did negative 68 pounds for three-millet minutes straight. I didn't have to readjust your shit. If we compare Wednesdays, the ax live, ax is high pull. That's the, um, the Trison pressed down. I got 45 for 16 at one arm or 20 to the other. I got 58. This title went up weight at 14 preble sides. And the second set, I don't know why this is 80, I was a mistext. So I got 45 for 16, 40 is probably 54, 14 and the third set, 45 for 12. This one, 50 for, I don't know, in a plus five. So didn't keep breaking records. It looks like I got weaker on that one. Right, curl looks like I got weaker. And the first set, definitely weaker on the second set, definitely weaker on the third set. Thirds and the waist dip looks like I got a little stronger all the way through. Three motion Bayesian curls looks like I got significantly weaker. Well, a moist leg curl looks like my strength went down. So what it looks like to me by me analyzing this data objectively is that my training split have so much volume that I'm getting weaker weak to weak, not stronger. Now my weight is going down because I'm in prep and next to the expected that generally why it end up all its third-redger introduced when you're in prep to increase performance you don't. It's just another thing that you could say is that my because some of these are new exercises, my skill of these exercises you're improving so that each individual rep is hitting more fibers and I'm being more efficiently. But two data points, two weeks in this prep isn't enough for me to say, hey, I'm doing too much volume. But I mean, we can look at this and say jumping from E.D. reps a week, 480 sets of failures, 420 sets of failure in the span of two or three weeks in a three-phase that was way too fast for a band split. So this is me analyzing my split and how I have it set up. One could say taking some of the myel match reps off of unimportant body parts and leaving the myel match reps only a hand back and arms and sacrificing them from delts and hamstrings and quads might be the win go. Another person might say doing the rate doing six workouts a week is too much but I should go back to having five workouts a week. But I'm not going to lie. I like this a lot more. Doing four sets of middle delts for sports and hamstrings is so fucking boring. I'd rather do three sets of myel match. So I just have to analyze this and see what we can do to improve progress. Because on paper, this is a perfect program. The problem is it's my numbers are improving in the gym, which would imply I need more food, more sleep, more drugs, or less volume. The reason why I really don't think it's the volume is I have no local sornas. None of my muscles are sore the next day. None of my muscles. Like right now, his try is up is a little sore here. Right now, this elbow feels pretty good. This knee feels great. That's so because nobody part is locally sore, there's no reason why I should decrease the volume. It doesn't make any sense. So I'm thinking it's really more of an efficiency thing, a certain thing, or a thornasane. Hopefully you guys found this extremely useful. Obviously since we're talking about my cycle, my split, and my logbook, it's going to be an advanced discussion by myself. So I guess we would call this advanced discussion and Todd's competition. If you have any questions, put them in the comment section. This is one of the few times where I'm not going to pretend to be an expert. I'm interested in other people's input. The cluster set being once a week. A cluster set is four reps, three deep breaths, more reps, three deep breaths, four reps, three deep breaths. So you're doing 24 reps for something you're doing 16 times. So I'm basically a hacksaw or a belt squat or a leg cross and you're going to 24 reps when you're only normally building 16. The myometreps, when I said it does a rust plaza and clarify, I take 10 deep breaths. Another thing I need to point out is normally I would have a fixed time period where I wait exactly a minute between every set. I have not been doing that lately. I've been just catching my breath and going. That could mean that could be why I'm getting a less reps on the second or third set versus a 5.5.3 minute rest because I didn't want it to be boring. I'm sick of boring workouts, doing them by them, no, I wanted to try it out and just let my body catch just rough. Wait to see if I ready to more training that because of what I need to do in rest pauses to get those reps anyway. I'm getting 18 reps, I'm tensed one, that I'm getting 18 reps and set two. It doesn't matter how long I rust between set one and set two. I might just have to do more rust pauses to help you really take those 18 reps. I'm still training just as hard. I might even do your editing harder. At the break of my disagree with this. This is what a few times I've been doing this session. So without further ado, may the force be with you. Great news. I am now partnered with Talon Wellness. Talon Wellness will be able to provide you your medication. So you get your consult with me. I will review the blood work you got through M&M labs and Talon will be the HRT clinic that will get you your medication delivered to your home. So there's nothing that changes on your part. All you do the same thing. You get the consult with me. Link is in the description box and I take care of everything. It's just that now it is now a different HRT clinic and the lab process is going to be even smoother. The prices will also be lower than they were with the previous HRT company. So this is all good for everyone. You love it. Click the link in the description box to set up your consult today and on with the show.

We're here! You're watching Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. Okay, so, Felunitunes are back in action. We are charging. We are still in San Antonio. I believe we are on our way to Houston. Todd is going to be training with Hunter today. At LeBraata, they don't want to film today, so I'm going to find other ways to occupy myself. We shall see what I get up to. Aside from that, we are driving to New Orleans. Immediately after we finish at LeBraata, that's going to be a long stretch. Then we're going to explore New Orleans tomorrow. Then we're going to start the drive to Daytona. Think that about brings us up to speed. Where'd you go? Fuckin' where? What the fuck is going on with this thing? Yeah. Let's see. Hmm. Something that back. Oh, we're here in Houston downtown Houston, because I did this detour thing to get to the ground. I'm going to be in the middle of the road. I'm going to be in the middle of the road. I'm going to be in Houston downtown Houston, because I did this detour thing to get electricity for the car. Because I didn't think we could make it all the way out of town. This was a bad choice. Had an awesome workout with Hunter today. It went really good. First I hit a little bit of lats. And then we hit middle delts, flies. Two different presses. And then some lateral raise machine. So literally exactly the leg train came to where I could predict how many sets with the same amount of rep range, with the same depth, because Joe Bennett was there. So Joe Bennett himself was there at the gym when I got there. I got there and I'm talking to Terrence and Joe Bennett. And then Hunter got finished eating lunch with his dad. So he came in and I got to meet Leela Brada. And then Hunter's pretty important to Roy showed up, and we got started on back. After I already finished. I mean, I'm chest after I already finished back. So it was pretty funny how that worked out. And it was we trained the exact same way. Same sets, same rep range, same tempo, same range. Which emotion, the exercise selection, the exercise order, like everything is the same way of training. So I was really reassuring. You know, he gave me a lot of good cues for the cable laterals so I could feel him better. I'm actually have a sore middle delt. I never have a sore middle delt. So we had a good training session today. I can't wait to be back to Houston. So I could train with those guys again. We thought this was a cool touch. It's not New York, it's Houston, but I guess it's got a New York style. And I don't really have anything more than television to say. I feel good. I got shot. The world is nice. The world is shining. Living life isn't my right clingin'' Everyone subscribe your favorite words! People say I spin. They just say space! Lots of things that I spend in this apartment Look at what the next time Look at what the... Let's kick it out Go, this is a fucking blow Wait! Now you're the f***ing me out Yes, yes, yes Well, guess what fuck? What you say? Well, guess what fuck? What fuck? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah To us, to you, to you more We're gonna be the end of it Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey Get your hands on you, get me, get me Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Well, just the time of your move Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Just a lot better But this right elbow hurt so bad for yesterday's workout My push workout yesterday Then I can't really even use the right arm for triceps Which is important as a left one is pumping up fine So we'll try different exercises, see if that feels better Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Great job, my song, your good good Wow, yeah I could do it all Rampus! You shall never enter! Rampus! I shall never forget! Rampus! Rampus! Rampus! Rampus! Rampus! No! Rampus! Russia! Russia! We are the best! In my opinion, Rampus! Yes, thanks. I am the most lovely surprise! As expected, we teach Rampus and the most passionate ratings for the series. VThe power of Written & Circumstable rookies, for reasons of demanding the power of abuse!!! D key! And for the MONTHDEV of people who do not consume theShig Diversity, but to ensure that they're the strongest as possible!!! You're good. You're good. You're so good. You're my death, my fear. It's great. What's the God? What's the God? What's the God? You're the God. What's the God? I did it. That is our life. You're the God. You're the God. It's awesome, separately.양s team could go. You're the God. And you're the God. That is our life There's still不要. You're the God. God. That is our life that's still loud Young Yugoslavia's spices. Send Yanayana, Penn U So this is turning out to be an awesome workout. The first super set didn't work well because my elbows hurt me. The tricep extensions. The Bayesian curls felt good. So I got like three or four warm ups. That's trying to find a work weight. Finally was able to, I had to remember to manually stretch out this lat to get this tricep to stretch. But anyway, the point is now that I'm super setting these pieces of equipment, I'm getting an awesome workout. It's just the one time the cable's back fired on me. It's really just because we had a rush out of the Airbnb. So I had 10 to cook the food but not the eat the food. Since the Airbnb is like a quarter mile from this planet fitness. My plan was just to squeeze in a quick arm pump to make up for the fact that we didn't finish upper body at Hunter's gym yesterday because we ran out of time. So I didn't get any triceps or biceps in. So my plan was to just rest all day today and then have normal upper body Wednesday. But circumstances changed so I'm squeezing in six sets of biceps. Six sets of triceps now and it's actually going good. I didn't go good at that. I can't believe this is so uncomfortable. I'm not worried on one side that doing the bracing the january was talking about for the last and legs. This is actually helping with little stuff like arms. I just wasn't bracing there and I sat some off. Bracing during every set. I'm going to have a real tight core compubiori. So I'm just going to finish up with some cardio after this quick arm workout. Then we're off to New Orleans. That's the best. When you work out in first thing, you get to be in a good mood all day. It could be worse. It could be a lot harder. So we're okay. We're going to get that. We're just probably just going to keep going like that because if it's going to be like this we're not going out of the fucking car. I'm going to turn the max speed to the bare minimum. Hopefully I won't do its lane change bullshit and get us off on the wrong exit. I can get our twice ready. I'm shaking as the big truck to go by and let's bridge. So I go to jump up here and the bridge is shaking. It's like that core. Oh, I'm sorry man. I'm going to be a afraid of heights. I'm mad. I mean, I am. But I don't think it's like as big of a deal as people make when that make it out to me. It'd be like if you got into a coffin and couldn't get out. You're not necessarily claustrophobic, but that's pretty fucking tight. It's just ridiculously bad that it took us off the freeway. Right. Right. So we're somewhere in Mississippi on our way to Dalton, Georgia because it's, I just want to focus on this final show. Get the height thing settled once and for all and come in my basket one show. Rather than trying to do a five day peak for one show and another five day peak for another show. Every sense of focus ten days on one show. Let's pretty much it.

Hurry! You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. This is very poorly organized. There should have been some type of sign. Selling us where to go. Are you guys in line to get in? No. You guys in line to get in? You lead to no break. Well, I have to make one, 82, and I was 180, 2.4 when I woke up. So, I was 180, 1 before we left. So, I'm not in punk's heaven, and I was 2 weeks ago. Yeah. And I, that's how much water I had to give up in order to make. Wait, that's hard. Yeah. But I aired on the setting caution with the weight. Now we've got to walk in. Yeah. The height's flat now. You think she, yeah? I was able to get a pump today and everything. I'm super happy with the look now. I look leaner, even though I'm not on the job here. There's some chilled out. Yeah. I haven't done figuring it as well years. Uh-huh. So, that's all right. I'm going to do Fort Lauderdale, I'll do Physique. I think that's where I belong. But we'll see. Which day is Fort Lauderdale? Uh, that's November the 6 weeks. From the morning. Okay. Are you into the hurricane after we're 18th also? No. I have twin daughters, they're 25. And they're both getting married. One week. Next week. And then one, the second. Are they getting married to twins? Uh, nope, but the friends. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Why not do like a double wedding and save money? Yeah. You talked to them about that. Because that's, yeah, I'd be like girls. They look, and that's you're going to pay for it yourself. You're going to be married the same time. You came out of the same time. You can get married at the same time. Yeah. That's all right. My primary home's in Pennsylvania. But the bottom one down here. Yeah. The green kid down here. And yeah. So 18 miles away from you. Oh, wow. I had to do the shokes just as it's here. Makes sense. Yeah. I mean. In what they've come out. There's only seven women's body building in you. And there's just a share. Wow. And there was only 14. Sorry, which is a two 12 for that reason. Like two 12 season ends October time. But like we, there's more than there's more open. There's more classic shows in Florida. Yeah. In the next three months. And there are two 12 shows in the world. And there's different promoters to the Florida, too. Which is kind of one. Right. There's the, well, there's different division shares, too. It's in your way of doing the right thing. Yeah. There's the difference between Texas and Florida. There's literally a show every weekend all year. With classic. It's so much more opportunities to compete for you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We talked about it. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. They're facing it out. I'm going to tie one. That sounds exciting. I had business over there anyway. So I'm going to do the tie one. Yeah, it's kind of exciting. I bet it's exciting. This is the first year they're having, um, digger. They only had bikini over there before. And, um, wellness. So this year they're adding, all five, big years. So, you know what's funny? It's like two years ago, there was one China pro. Yeah. There's four China shows between now and just something. That Asia's boiling up, I love it. So what, and the Asians welcome everybody. It's so nice. They're called George. It's just like, yeah. I'm excited to do that. Like, I'm Renee. I'm tired by the way. Yeah. It's a good handshake. So we were talking about Tokyo, Dubai. Yeah, not in the China, all those sorts of stuff. So exciting. I was still a week at for your help. Do you like doing this? No, it's funny. It's horrible. Yeah, you're better off just not having, you know, I'm sure you have to lose body of it. But like, you might not look for your, like, I've reached this heavy evening of one seven or three to be charged. And I'm one even two at no. I look tighter than one two at one. I'm going to have a this way in the seven. You know, I'm saying, I've just driven in. There's too many trees. There's so many trees. Last and once in your three. That's 10 years. I've got four point one. So I wasn't sure. What are you doing? It's crazy. Well, you're very, very good. And I buy those, like, those fake shoes that make you pretty much as taller. Go over your tattling. Yeah, my. You're good for a few. I just look at the video for the first. I'm good. For years, go. I'm good. Step over here. Make sure you take your feet for a winter. Cross for fall. I just checked in. Made weight, made height. Then I got my, my medallion and my number. I'm number 44. And then we're going to go find out what this station is. I already checked the music. The music they've got. I'm on stage music. And then we're going to look at a pair. Apparently. And we're going to get shot by Dan Ray. And then I'm going to talk to the professional photographer. Vidiogra first so that we can get some shots that are. I sent you the link. I'll take it out the by-link. Yeah. I find that if you don't shake their hand and they don't see you are. That they don't remember. Okay. And cool. This is a cool hat. If you take a picture and tag to him. Got a boon hat, bro. Take a picture with that. Grab the selfie. Show grab your shirt. And then Dan Ray's going to take a picture with you. Okay. Sweet. I'm going to put this head in the bag. I like it. First I'll do the show. Okay. So just follow. Uh, there you go. Yeah. Three. One. Okay. All right. Thank you. Good thing. Good thing. Good thing. Good thing. You should have. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'm going to take a picture with you. I don't know if I bought the package for the photo. Okay. All right. Yes. Not. I definitely want my package for this. It's clear. Let me just do that. Yeah. Good thing. Good thing. It's been a bit while I was surprised. But I've got to go on that. All right. So maybe we can get grass fed to dried us. Maybe maybe not. I don't have his number. Yeah. I'm in the conference room, bro. If you want to come join us. Right across from the, a credit cross from where people are standing. Smelling like protein. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Cool. Bring it to the salt. I don't think I need it. There's probably something else. Yeah. I'll love it. I'll just add it more to the Mexican hills. I hiding at 64.5 way to end at 180.0. I haven't hit solid food in seven hours. Really? This is a good shit. Some admit, dude, miss weight by a pound of half. So I gave them a hydrochlorethiicide. But because he was going to take charlison. I was like, that's way too strong, bro. For a pound. Wait. Wait. You've been just looking at this. No. I was like, just take a quarter of this. So we're going to drive away from this hotel and go home. Yeah. I got to check in two hours with the... And now it's all downhill. The hardest part is behind us, making way. Feeling not stressed. Got our second height locked in. Yes. Second height. Two for two. If we get locked in, the next one we don't have to do the fourth one. And... And... Have a good time. Got to give me a lot better picture. Right hand showing again? Good. Hold. Have a fine. Yep. Good. Good. Good. Hold that. Let's see if I just want more time. Just hold this for a second. You can do this like this. Yeah. I want a little bit more time. Okay. Relax. Alright, relax. Did we experiment with the past with the orientation of the foot? Yeah. I don't remember exactly. Coming like this. We see that as journalists in case, but I don't think it's going to make enough for a change. Yeah, try close. Not too big. You'll be able to. And get your lungs. I have a use of this in terms of what we're doing. Is it happy with this in terms of what we're doing? Okay, let's go through all the volume and stuff too. Yeah. Just because they're all right for a change. Relax, man. Quad's right here. Let me see your rear-left sprocket. Good hand shrooms. Let me see your side choice. Sorry, this. Good. Let me see your, amongst my skills. Quad. Good. And I'm assuming you'll be taking more of some pictures. Okay. I'm assuming you'll be taking more of some pictures. Okay. I'm going to pull off my speaker and we'll run your... You get a case, send the host to the EOR class at those. Just a little bit this. It's turned on that right knee a little more. Good. Relax. And then- And then sexual is good. Quad-ray climb was good. Okay. And then question to hold it. Turn on that right knee hard. Good, that's a good shot right there. Right quadets with the various now it's firing great. Mid-Section's good? Turn. Surratus and quarter-trick. Not the sliding shows of your ancient show, but a bit more weight. Good. Quarter-trick. Twisted a little harder. There. Product. In this chorus, good side chest. What's extra? I don't know. Right quadets with more? There is. Now side chest. Hold that. Push. Good. Back to. Right hand string definitely. Shuffing up a little more. Hold that. That's good. Give me a little more again. Good. Am I? One more. One more lay hand strings. Hold that. Good. FF5. Turn it up. Good. Try out with the vengeance. Good. Finished? Good. All right quad? Really turn that down on this one Okay This is so hard why did this work? So it's the vibe better than what was this morning? Hmm But vibe which I mean though In my last talk six of those Yeah, it's worth it Yeah, it's like All right Okay So it's about that. I'm gonna put that bitch. Yeah, put that bitch on It's like Natural Hey, ready for minifu one First is mine I will honor rare gig to film a cook who be a little bit Okay, and they'll just be me using this subservient large knife for extremely In practical applications Why cutting up and so on or stirring upon and the whole series is The use of the BF okay, which stands for a big fun off knife Yeah, and it's a thing You know it is one of the series of all types however I have killed cows with that in the court There you go That one To hutch more on the handstrings I'm not sure sure for a loss, but So other than that everything else I was happy with That's about like okay, that's fine Now this is a doctor. Yeah, this is hamstring When is the attitude? That doctor I think it's like the one side And then The second doesn't matter too much because whichever one you remember Best So what I wanted you to do My body wants to do is this Is that better? That's fine with that one Okay, you can hold that That's what you use here to doing this But the writing of course then Ready Ready for a warm up Ready for a warm up Meaning to that it's a little bit of a mouthful. Was a bit sexually under control? The dishes find out. Can you see the whole of strings? The hamstrings, there's good to see that. We're going to get to know. We're going to get to know that. There's throwing a lot of energy at them, it's not going to make a difference because they're not firing. Next time, put the gloves in fire. Flodging to find the thing that they've got. So we got to show it up for you. Yeah, do that with me and keep it.

Worry! You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV, where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. Prostate health. So a lot of people are concerned about their prostate. I've never really seen the PSA or prostate specific energy and go up using antibiotics. In other words, I haven't seen much markers that anabolic and reasonable uses with HRT or bodybuilding, causing an increase in the PSA or prostate specific energy. Prostate specific energy can go up in three situations. More, but primarily three situations. BPA, your benign prosthetic hypertrophy, meaning that it's prostate gets bigger, but it's not cancer. Prostate cancer, which I've never seen, and with infections, which I don't really see. The solution for BPA, which is the most common culprit. When someone tries to pee, and they feel like they need to pee and a little bit comes up with not a lot, usually flow max is the first line treatment for this. Flow max is a prescription medication, and flow max causes the alpha 1A subtype receptor to be blocked. So it's an alpha 1 type A blocker. So it's not a beta blocker. It doesn't block the beta receptors. It causes the heart to beat harder and faster. It blocks the alpha receptors, normally which are used for blood pressure that basically alpha 1 kind of sucks. But alpha 1 subtype A is specific to the prostate, the bladder, the uter, etc. So it really allows you to pee better. Now, why do you have BPA? In theory, antibiotics specifically, DHT is supposed to cause this. This isn't the whole story. The whole story is that estrogen binds to the SHBG molecule. The SHBG molecule binds to its own receptor on the prostate, and this makes the prostate more sensitive to circulating DHT. Now, what am I going to know? This is DHT. This is not the DHT derivatives bullshit. So drug dislike, master on, and a draw. Just because that some idiots call them DHT derivatives, doesn't mean they have anything to fucking do with DHT or how it works. It just means that they don't or romanticize. That's it. That they've been five alpha reduced. So the DHT derivative class is the five alpha reduced class. It has nothing to do with DHT whatsoever. So this myth that taking BASTER on makes you have to pee a lot or make sure prostate swell is just in the brain. It's just idiots with a no-seabull effect. They believe in something so they imagine the consequences. It's just like how people say that their dick doesn't work because they use DACA. That that's all in their head. Maybe prolactin would cause a rectal dysfunction, but a phosphodestries inhibitor type five. Like, my agro would clear this problem up without you having to do brain damage taking something like cabbagoline or prem-e. Anyway, that's the long and the short of it. Flowmax is a great drug to use if you're having a problem cleaning. Great news. I am now partnered with Talon Wellness. Talon Wellness will be able to provide you your medication. So you get your consult with me. I will review the blood work you got through M&M labs and Talon will be the HRT clinic that will get you your medication delivered to your home. So there's nothing that changes on your part. All you do the same thing. You get the consult with me. Link is in the description box. I take care of everything. It's just that now it is now a different HRT clinic and the lab process is going to be even smoother. The prices will also be lower than they were with the previous HRT company. So this is all good for everyone. You'll love it. Click the link in the description box. Set up your consult today and on with the show.

You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV, where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. We're going to be training Paul with John Jewett and Luke Miller, and I'm just stretching to warm up because after that back workout I did with at the hunters gym, I tried to do too many machines and the rows fucked me up. So when I was in house games in Austin, I did pretty much all vertical pulling and no horizontal and my back didn't really get fucked up from it. So I pretty much have to limit myself to two sets of rows if I don't want to get hurt. And I'm what three or four days out, so even if I overdue it today, I'll recover in time for the show, but I won't sleep as well. Right now I'm preparing my battle me and I didn't drink all my Fenrist first. I don't know how long they trained for. So I don't want to get through the whole workout. I can always add water to this if I need to. But I don't want it like be bloated trying to shove Fenrist. Get 75% through the workout then put in the battle me. I'd rather get the battle me down board now. The glutamine is supposed to compete for absorption with the Argentine, but there's not a whole lot of Argentine. There's nitrosogen, which is super expensive, Argentine, but it's only like 1.5 grams because it's supposed to be 1.5 grams in nitrosogen. I think is equivalent to 6 grams of citron, but I still put in 11 grams of citron because I'd rather just throw money away than not have the best product on earth. So we're here at Muscle Factory in San Antonio, Texas with John Jewett and Luke Miller and we're going to hit back hamstrings and they're going to hit quads. I'm three days out so I'm not allowed to hit quads. Yeah, excited diving in the session, giving me some insights of what we're doing and just smash with Todd. Let's go, man. Right, you put your sister there and we were like, I'm like, ah, perfect. I have one in I first told you Tuesday they were like, oh shit, we're like filming, made it this for, we're out of the X-ray program. Yeah, I'm in the main one called Hourglass. So now it's just going to be heating wellness, but we shot that all yesterday. So it's glued, dealt caps, and lower lats. Pretty much just, just a lot of ass and legs and a little bit upper. Did some waist training stuff too. So I have a hard time feeling my white my laugh flat. I feel great. So if you see me different swimming jumping there, it's going to go second. Have you already been warming up? Yeah, I'll hop in there. I have to still tell you guys we go a lot heavier than I am. Let's see the other on Todd. This feels so much better. Yeah, you can see the difference. I do think your top position ruins your right side a bit. You're, let's try to get out too much. You get into like some internal rotation where you're delvelling. But I'm a laugh day stay, actually rotated. Yeah. Sorry, cool. Yeah, I feel this perfect. They love to start very like upright. So when you're already, you're already pull, you're having an arch to the lower back a lot. And we already takes a lot of a lot out of it. So we can, we can tweak it. We can tweak it. We're compensating. That's right. That's right. That's right. I tell people like, set up your back with the end in mind. So set it up already like how you want the finish point. So like if you want your finish point here, it's like, we'll set up your torso. So you're already in the right position. Because you're so far upright to, to make this level, you're having to do this. And so a lot's already in a poor position to work, right? So we're set up like ribcage down having this line of force lined up. It's like that's our, our end point from the movement. Now we just extend the arm up. Awesome. Because when you're at, you're kind of like, already here. Right. So to pull, I already kind of has to flare out. So I think starting with a good set up will, we'll start to solve some of the problem there. You go with it. Yeah, let me, I'll, I'll do care of this. I like on this one, it's cool because you lower the seat. You can change the pivot point. Okay. Right. So dropping it lower, it'll raise the pivot arm more and more and more. It loads really heavy heavier. I got it. So that's my way to change the arm. It's a little arm. But now starting positions here. Yeah. So my, my way to change the resistance profile. Yep. May or it's heavy as to the length and so like, you think loud, right? The lat only creatively tensioned using the ribcage. So with you were forward set up and then having to go into expansion, you were trying to shorten it here and then you're shortening it here. And so that's why you're losing it so much. And you compound that with the compensation of the arm flaring out. Think I'm worth the pee for no lat. Gosh. Yeah. I rewatched the, I play a hypertrophy module for this and for quads. One thing I like to do is, he was like, put this right leg all the way over. This line I could so far, it's like the right lines on here. So line the diverging lines. Me up just a little bit better. Feel the tension difference in the loading with sitting lower. Yeah. Way, way better. This looks like it might be a work way. You want to fill out the right set up before I go. I got you. It's too, so it can adjust the width. I know I'm not sure. So let's set you up at the bottom time. We'll pull you all the way down. Get in the right position, ribcage down. Get that out. Oh yeah, we're fired up. Now just let it out. And then hold that and don't lean as you go. This is a little, so I'll feel it. Whether you set you here. Yeah. Squeeze the elbow in. You're pitch down. There you go. It's tight. Let it out. Push that pinky towards the wall. There you go. There. Oh yeah, that's way better. Yeah, that's way better. I got to fill way harder too. Yeah. Yeah, that's so good, dude. There you go. Listen now. I think it's so much more in the area you don't work that I would, I would don't say on the side with that. Do one more set. We'll go lighter. Gage it. So this feels fine. I didn't argue that could be better. Oh yeah, that one's lit up. Yeah. So you're timing when you want me to start to work, Sats. Huh? You tell me when you want me to start to work, Sats. Sure. Yeah. Feel the difference in lighting and pull around the rage. Yeah, yes. No, the cue is like letting out like kind of letting that seem best. First shake is pushing it all up forward. Then coming off. And this side just does it automatically. Let's circle yeah, Oh yeah. That's why it's hurts, having fun, energy toe there you go What you're normal, a lot that you have at home in the machine you got. So in one place we got that, the plato, but it kind of the end range is up here. It's not well enough for me. I have to sit on like the open blocks. What I've been doing is I trained with Jeanette Kina in Los Angeles and he showed me how to use the cable to do some very similar. Okay, so I'll do pull ups first, neutral grip pull ups because I'm light enough to do on now and then I'll do two sets of these and then two sets of guide bridge and pull down. Okay, so I get six sets of lads and I'll do two sets of rows. So what do you want me to use in two? To feel this one out you want me to play in a quarter to really nail it? Okay, yeah. I think I could probably leave two on the left side because I feel that far. I know you're not supposed to do that, but switch the course, switch the torso back first and then start. I think I'll say I was, I would find the bottom. Pull. Yeah, it's turn up there, it's. Yeah, that felt great. I'm going to slide this first, right? That's it. That's good. Full weight, brother. All right, sure up to four and a half. Yeah, I'll go actually four and a 10 on there. Four and a 10. Oh, sorry. Yeah, good. See how it almost looks like as lad is like the writing is okay. It feels up like that's because this ain't, you got to start it to feel it and then you get better on it. You need to do the whole like start position thing. But that's what you're looking for. All of you, I'm going to pull it down. It is as late as any of the fiber around the stage with this being like the loading in order to do that. The lid part is the placing rather than arching the back. Absolutely. Yeah. You kind of quickly fall back into wanting to start leading forward, right? Yeah. But like keeping that like almost pushing the lower back out on that brace. I saw you guys doing that on the hack squat too. I think it's like that and like I put a semi roller behind my neck. Okay. So it's like curved on the one side and flat on the other. So like be a ramp for that. I used both hands to set up the torso right through the saw and then once it's locked in and stuff to the end down and go. Really can't find anything. That's not true. Oh. Oh. Shit. Oh. Oh. And. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. There you go. I got the. Oh. I got the. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. I should have read the room. If you wanted help, John would have helped you bring one. It's all good, man. It's the first time training together. Yeah. I usually train alone. So I don't. We don't even bother spending. Yeah. I don't even think like it needs like added wraps and it's don't use a go for him anyway. So I think it can handle two plates. I may not get a same on the right as I do in the last. Oh. When I'm in that situation, let's say Matt just easily match the reps from what I do with the week arm. Yeah. The winner of the arch. Break that. Yeah. There he's. Okay. Now I feel it. Got it. Yep. Don't let the torso lean as you go. Hey. Hey. You said 12. Yeah. I will be done. I want to be counting it out. That's close. I'm really curious. Yeah. That's all right. Get theулant. That's all right. I'd appreciate it. Wake up. Yeah. You. You. Yeah. You. You. You. Yeah. So when you set it off here, as you go through the set, you slowly go like this in front leaning forward and then creating the rising extension to get back in your old habit. So you've got to learn to keep it. I almost coach it like push your ribcage back as you go up. Okay, so to get it away from the arm. Got it from the arm. No, I have to shake it and keep that lean back. So shuffin it? Yeah. So you feel like you're in here? Yes, it's all the time for years. So it's like you never figured out how to do it. So leaning back at the hip but not the thoracic, right? So you keep the abs contracted and you've been at the hip to get back straight here. Yeah. Versus being like this, right? Okay. So you have to have a brace at one point with the hips weren't too far in and then you back to where you're like, why the hell am I finishing here? So it ends here pelvic tilt when I should be posterior pelvic tilt. I don't even know you in the tilt, right? It's a hip hand shell. Yeah. So like course braced here, all you need to do is just a lean back. So now you're finished because you're like kind of start drifting forward than having then to arch right. So if you're braced and you're finishing here, all you need to do to fix it is lean back. So now you can finish it all the way. Make sense? Your last update, you were 248. Yeah. You probably joined a shot with all this teaching crap like I'm three days out, man. No, I look. Because I've been, you've been a huge day sharp. I mean, there are like three days out or seven days out for the whole month. So as soon as I step off, the stage of seven days out. So I'm like, I don't give you shit. Yeah, when should I train legs? Oh, yeah. Taking my thought. King that. King. King. Super heavyweight and we ready for the next episode. What do you think, huh? She went a half or you want to go back up. I wouldn't go up in load, especially you do. Considering work for where you at, I don't know for, I'm going to give it to the Rubskilled Nath. So, it's worth just set up for a skip the hips in farther. Now, lean, not that far too far in. Okay. There. Now, just lean at the hip. It's good you set up here. You go to hip, hip, send a little more. There you go. Now, lean back. Now, push it down. There you go. And let it go. There you go. Get a lower beat. There are lots of them far. It is. Oh yeah. You're doing it down here. Wow. That's it. Which by upwards you have to forward the whole time? Two of those last like three. Okay. Three is better than twelve. You're doing it down here. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. that just keep it in context right with EMG doesn't always relate to development outcomes. That wasn't a, well we're talking about it. We weren't, we weren't. We're easily, it's a chasing way to the bar, chasing a stimulus in the muscle. But when I was still body running, I was really strong and I would kind of let that drive me. It's a great piece. It's fucking the bottom. Excuse me, man. No customer love. I was like, out shopping at F1's on your show and I was like, they were so clean. Hopefully they had it to sell out my watch to final cut. That was like, that's the owner right there. So if he tells you he'd put it. Oh, is that rolling? Nice to meet you guys. I don't want to bother you. I'm too big. So I get more laughs if I just stay here. I didn't tell you how we're doing here. So, sorry I own fault. I just kind of touched it to make sure I'm not going to break. I'm holding it down. I find if I don't collapse the spine, I can keep it on the lats a lot better. Makes sense right? That we're talking about keeping the right cage expanded open. Smoney, I do it over here, but not over there. It seems you're doing the horizontal plan that isn't very cool. I've noticed that. You think three in the top? Huh? There's some reason I thought you guys loaded five. You'd go two here and two and four. One, so. It normally load middle. Here. But you see how we do here and here. But they can't even fit them on so they can't fit. They don't fit. I didn't think of that. So the selling, I set this one up. It's really like arching back. I am driving like pelvis down so you see my lower back in neutral. That's my star position. And I just use the pad as I roll back. I'm pushing into the pad as I roll. So it's seen here. Using your abdomen and not your sternum on the pad. It's kind of a row. What ever sits on the pad for you? Well, the idea of not pulling off of it is the idea of it. Other things handles, drive them down. And then scrape them against the ground as you come back. Let's get the lats. And that'll do a lot of lot. You'll end up finishing like right here. Well, you're finishing back here. I was. It's starting to move into upper back. Which you absolutely feel like lads off the bottom. I'm sure you did. Oh yeah. No, I know exactly. I like to do it the way you're talking about. I don't know why I didn't do it. I always feel like you're cheating when you do it that way. Even though you're getting better, lads are all there. I mean, it's so hard to set up the back stuff. Okay, yeah. It's really, they don't pass them then line it all. Whoops, sorry, buddy. And we're out at about a 45 degree angle. That's probably because this triceps is slats. It's just what it's got. Well, I said this, it happened to be seeing a warm for me to get there. So it's kind of like more, it's some lads going to be a little bit bad. Yeah. I'm going to do two and one. I just want to do it like solid like I know. I didn't watch you in the quarter. Yeah. All right. Like for us, this is going to work out for a little bit more lap for loop. You're like, you would need something wider. I'm purposely pushing out on these handles to try to align it. What is your goal right now? If it was chest and quad last gear, chest, chest, chest, chest main priority. Tail, baby. Delta can always use more of too. But how many days does it take? Because it seems like my delts are sore in the moment. And they're completely recovered the next day. I could train them probably easily. I could probably run them every day. Honestly, I don't move it without any problems. Three sets of delts every day, I'd be fine. Yeah. Do you want me here? And that's it. Oh, just scrape the ground with them. Yeah, too. It was pretty hard. Yeah, they're controlling the bottom. You said it was good. Don't change it. Locking right there, yeah? You're pushing the end, right? You're pushing the end, right? You use less weight. You get more stimulus. How old are you? 46. Yeah. About a few four and two. You need to survive with these weights, right? Come on. Come on. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. That's it. I'm going to die, you're just catching nothing. Yeah. You're making a difference, man. Yeah. You're going to fly through. Yeah, you're just doing nothing. Yeah, that's it. Yeah, that's it, man. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Just like the shoulder go, don't flex over the chest pad. That's it, yep. What's better? It's better. I'm going to tune one up there, but I'll let you know. I need to change this for me. I'm going to do my thing. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to grab some blocks. There you go. Very nice. I'm going to do it. There you go. I'm going to do it. I'm not a fan. I think for most people they don't have the rotation to keep it in a lot. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I don't really see the utility. I got to go for you. It was pretty good. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. It was very smooth. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I don't want to do it. I don't want to do it. I don't want to do it. I'm going to do it. I do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I like to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it.

Hurry! You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. I'm gonna do try doing my best to be concise and deliberate. We have a few minutes to make it to the venue. I'm making all my food for the day in advance to learn my cooler, so that there's nothing missing. I don't have a full brain capacity, so I have to check. Every step of every meal I have to check to make sure it's exactly very fit. I brought the honey separate, the right cakes are in there, put that in, salt and... I brought salt with me. And the chest seems salt with me, so we can make the water on the fly. Rather than trying to prepare each water, that would be two different cultures. Every water is different, just like every meal is different. And there's no live here somewhere. And this is the problem. It's I am organized with a new hot-to-full brain capacity. One of the most important things is remembering to take the right amount of water, the thinnest fury and the bad-o-mead pre-pump-up. We also have to remember to put the bands in the car, so... I've got a separate plastic baggy for each one of the ingredients for these meals, because if you've ever done this before, whether packing or anything else, the worst thing you can have is salt or sand in your closing terms. We're gonna... this one's not going anywhere well. I could take a smaller salt, but I need a grinder because everything's been pretty measured and then the hot stuff to get the masculinity. I have some rice cakes, I'm supposed to have a 10 o'clock, and we're supposed to get another car go. Men's bikini starts at 1045, and then plastic is on after that. So we want to be there at 1045. I've got the good shrunks. I'm wearing my schmata trunks. I've got a black towel for wiping stuff down. I've got my medallion, which is completely superfluous, because I look like a Mr. Hanky, the Christmas poo. I've got back up headphones, and then in the secret compartment, I've got AquaZine, in case I need it, which I won't, and I've got my competitor button. So the most important stuff that you need is the button, the comb, and the trunks, and then the pitils. On the rest of these things, they matter, but they don't really matter, because you can still compete without everything else. You can't compete without your button, and your trunks. That's why I'm wearing the trunks, even though they're not the right trunks. Because you don't get two buttons. I'm gonna get one button. I think I have everything I could need, except for bands, and my inhalers in the car, too. So bands in the inhaler, Kai, sat your responsibility, but, and then my shaker compass is right there. And we're going to prepare the water. So I saved some water, because I knew for few hours, this wouldn't be enough. We're at 200. We're at five ounces. What was I supposed to get? 15 ounces? I just looked three times. And I said that loud. You don't remember? I was focusing on the out. It's pouring. Tick the gun. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, sure. I'm not sure. It's pouring. You're not going to get one button. You're not going to get one button. I'm going to get one button. You're going to get one button. Yeah, sure. Yeah, sure. Yeah, sure. So we just left the San Antonio Pro finals. It was a lot of good progress. So I did me incorrectly. Way to incorrectly. We came in at 180. I would have liked to have came in at 180 too. It would have helped to be closer to weight. We'll be made way, but of course you're not going to get it. But we did miss. We were under by two pounds, which makes it that much harder. It was very hard to catch weight last night. Walk up under weight and had a meal. Went in, had rice cakes, went, pumped up, had fenders fury and battle meat, which really helped me get up hump. And then did the pre-judging. I actually liked the way I looked at pre-judging. Had a meal. And then went back for finals. I think I looked a lot better at finals, because I did another two scoops of feather assurances. Another two scoops of battle meat with some water and a lot of salt. It's got a really good pump, went out there and hit my poses. From what I understand, the routine went really well. I saw the video. I think the routine was much better. I think the paint was much better. Using chai rather than the spray tan bullshit was a 100% better that my midsection control was better. My posing was better. My timing was better. My quantum activation was better. I don't know that my hamstring activation was good. It's just I struggle with that. The judges feedback is the same pretty much as it was, Texas. Bigger lads, bigger by bigger arms, bigger arms, bigger lads, specifically lower lads. But they didn't tell me I needed a smaller waist and they didn't tell me I needed bigger lads. Or, you know, not that that was what happened last. And the Texas pro last year, Tyler said, figure back, wider back, more arms, slightly smaller waist. This time it was just bigger arms, bigger lower lads, and you got to be tighter in the back. Which we knew that my glutes in my lower back were not as tight as they should have been. That about two, three weeks out is when my glutes in my lower back with their best. But then it brought me down so low, filling me back up. I kind of backfired a little bit. There was some things that I didn't weigh. I evolved. And so that's part on my part is that I weighed them first. You know, I got, I was weighing them for a while, and got a good gauge on how much to use. But if I had been weighing it every single time, it might have been a little bit later. When it was doing three low days, one high day, I was digging myself in down to 177. And we switched to three low days, two high days. That was going good for filling me up. Then there was this one time we did two high days, our medium days, two medium days, one low day, two medium days. That's when I think that I spilled over. And we really never got that look back again with tightness in the glutes and the hamstrings. We immediately step off stage. I'm going to peak week for next time. And then when we step off stage in a week from the Daytona Pro, we're peak week for the Dalton. So we really liked how the peaking went this time. This whole week went really good. We're probably just going to roll into it again and again. That that meal in Alabama, it did fill me up. It may have spilled me over. I might have accumulated some fat from that meal, so that might have set us back to. So those are the two times when I think my look faded. And I don't know if that was permanent damage was the two medium, then one low, then two medium and attempt to fill me up and stop me from crashing. And it was rational because after a medium day, I was lighter. And then we put another medium day and I maintained. Then there was a low day and I crashed so that he put in two more medium days and it finally filled me up. And so it was a smart play. It's just that I didn't ever see the glutes and the hamstrings look quite the same after that. It ended me down for 24 weeks so far. You know, we could have hammered this week and tried to shred me down, but then I would totally be underweight. So the plan would be keep me at 182 or 185 all week and then try to bring me in at 182 next weekend. That would be third times the charm. I'm 64.5, two times in a row and then under 182 both times in a row. And the third time is the charm we have a permanent weight. I mean permanent height so therefore a permanent weight and we never have to play this game again. For the rest of my life, I just have to come in at 182. Oh, I didn't come in that last in over 45. I came in fourth. I didn't come in that last in over 40. I think I came in either eighth or seventh. I might have came in six for all I know because I was one in from the middle. I mean one in from the end. So at the end was eighth and ninth on either side and I'm one in from that means I was seventh or sixth. Which means I may not have came in that last in open. You know, who knows how I liked it? We won't know until we see the scorecard. But now I'm about to go play some vampire because it's my turn to play and then it's the most important thing in the world to me was getting home to do this. Why are the bloodlines so hard to find on this book? Because I know even those are the interests you just shouldn't be at this point. Yes. Okay. Well I'm okay. So on the way here I was thinking about it. I was like, truly there's like a book before they come up. I'm also I didn't know in a story line. Well the story line. So this back stuff because I was questioning your role because that seemed oddly specific. What role? That feeding certain generations to other generations. Yeah that's all. Those are real roles. Yeah. I will. They're not a role that you just are the history that you just described. It was the most perplexing thing I have ever heard. Oh, that's just a fucking tip of the iceberg. That's just a Bismalardx. That's where I don't know why I can't find the fucking plans in this book. I think it's over there is the I'll give you a trillion dollars if you've got it. Okay, here's show them a little slice of stuff. They're going to be a Boston Nick Tupu Bolly on the, our meanings. These are the bloodlines. All right. So then the Tupu move got me here. We'll be after the lady. Yeah. Leon on. Navarra. Nictu Tupu. This is the entry of the Nictu Tupu. So I did know they were real. There's only supposed to be 13 of them. And that's one of them. I know, Braxis is one of them. Roll, who was just killed. I killed Bobby Aga in 94. All right, so you've been playing, have you played with, been playing the same game for like 30 years? Yeah. This continued. I was a director in 1994 killed Bobby Aga. And I thought that there was no Nictu. Now I just found out that every Tony Tupu Bobby Aga her soul transfers to one of her kids. Then she eats one of the Nictu Tupu she's got bloodbibed to work to gain back her fourth generation. So that Bobby Aga had actually sent a toxic waste dragon after me in 97. And that's the last one I've heard of her. Daniel Curtin fell in 91. I don't know what that pertains to. Daniel Curtin would be between Russia and the, oh, okay. For the wall fell. The Berlin wall was actually constructed by Bobby Aga. She'd heed the western out of Eastern. And when we killed her, I heard it fell. So there was a whole bunch of wearables and a whole bunch of dragons of servicure. And they were coming for me. But the rules that they were explaining, or do they get like attitude as the creator of the game like create? Well the thing is, is no one who makes the game now has been playing as long as I have. So I don't care what they say. So we're, what I'm getting at is how, how have you been continuously playing for the other day? I've had this same story to other. And I haven't already for him and he's been running for me. And other people have came and went, but nobody did get like wives and kids and should have been taken away. Oh, they take other things more seriously than us. Their memory is mind-blowing. Right. So when people talk to me about pharmacology, it's like wheels on the bus. Go around, it's around, around and just a fucking one fight between two elder vampires when keeping track of all the spells and ship they had going at the same time is so much more complicated than all these fucking steroid cycles that affected people can't forget how to load a syringe would be like someone being so dumb they can't roll the dice. That's insane to me, pedology, any basic thing to speak with. I don't understand how you retain this much about it. That's just one book. I've had 800. That's just one book. That's the fourth edition of Dark Ages. I remember every edition. So how do you play this? So you basically tell the story and the other person reacts to what's happening and they choose what they want to do and you use their trace to determine an outcome. People think that role-playing games are video games. A role-playing game is so much better and so before I've had some of the video game role-playing game, it would basically like comparing a real role-playing game to a video game role-playing game would be like comparing sex with a woman to having sex with a blog dog. There's no interaction at all. There's no, you don't have any free will and a real role-playing game you do to over the fucking one at any given time. The problem is the burden is on the storyteller to know the universe well enough and so that he knows what's going to happen. Like what happens when you believe the batteries in a certain temperature? Like if you don't understand that, it wouldn't really be realistic. So for instance, I had a very unexperienced storyteller who was saying when someone fired an RPG, there was a big ball of fire and it was like, was it in the senderion RPG or an antifers now? The RPG or was it a tapebuster RPG? And then it's just a game, it's like, then if you're going to break this suspension, this belief, it's not, not only isn't not a game, the game is over. And there's like someone showed him a video on YouTube of an RPG going into a car and exploding, there was no ball of fire. I was like, see, there's no, that's just a normal antifersanella RPG and the fragmentation is supposed to kill on our retarders. It's not an incendiary RPG. And so like, you got all mad and it's through the dice and ran away. Because you didn't have the emotion of stability. This is a 30-something element. You didn't have the emotion of stability to be able to not have complete control. And it's like, you have to be smart enough to be a leader. You can't just be a leader because someone assigns it to you. Another guy you played with, the one you've been playing for a while is he pretty well with the music? I got two of them when he was 15 years old and I scarred him bad. That the game was so dark that he got scarred bad. And so like he can handle it now at 30-40. Yeah. He in this 40s, he can handle this shit. But a lot of people when you start playing with him and they're young, or they're innocent, they do not handle it for a good. Oh, I'm actually playing this. Who can you play right now? You can make a character really quick and play. You haven't watched you play. Oh my god, Jimmy, if you... Create a character or get that in the stock game. It was all my three times. I need a start green 800. I know I know about it. I know it's sorted. You fucking recorded and you just... No, no. You would be looking high. I would talk never talk to me ever again. Like this bitch, I don't know. Right? We would. Don't be a part of work. If you started, what is that twitch? You don't have to read shit because I would be the one running it. You would just, we would do a podcast or something. So you asked what you wanted. Other people like Gonso would be on it. And then we'd have two or three people who are probably typically doing the game. Gonso played live action in the 90s. But live action in Camaria is like the... It's like the special edge, short-bust version of the game. Like there's no... That he is no clue. Even though he played it a lot, he played this very my new faction of the game. That's not the way the game was intended. Like the air and spelling show. That was out on the Fox in 93. Kindred the embraced. That was based. That is this game. But it is a very, very new arrow version of the game. So if I ran the game, you would just play as your character. They've got actually, you could Google right now, we could watch people play it. They have vampire-domest grade podcasts where they play the game. And you could see what the thing is that people aren't very good at it. So it takes them a long time to like leave a room. Like, hiss it please. Like they know what you do right now. Well, I'm going to do this. And then eventually they get enough courage up to walk outside of their house. So, to go to the toilet newbies night? Hmm, to go to the toilet newbies night. I didn't ask them actually. What? So when you find my phone, I will. You just, I think that's just the ragging in the altar. Well, you're asked if you had a fucking... Oh, I was so excited. I was so excited. I'm very excited for God of Lighting. Obviously, it's, um, what is it? It's a, New York by night. How can you know your podcast for you play? I do. I do. So look for your phone. You know, you will, you will. Love you, the phone. Love you. Well, it's... I think it's always on the start. Yeah, it's always on the start. Why is this one? I don't even know where you're here. That's probably it. Oh my God, this game is the last game. It's okay. Oh my God, bye. I hate it. This is so hard to do it this way. Come on, you stupid. Oh God, damn it. This is good. It's fuck. I haven't had sushi in so long. Did you have like, I'm gonna do an optional amount of what? No, he didn't give me any. Hey, the amount of food I got was like 170 grams of chicken and 300 grams of rice to last been for the rest of the night. And I tore through that one meal. And I was like, so you just said, I get, yeah, I've very much. I just messaged him. I'm like, he probably wouldn't give me an off-play meal if I wanted one. But if I told him, hey, I just, I texted him. I broke down and ordered some sushi for a six-minute meal. He's waiting for me to take a bite. I know it. Hopefully this should as a call. I hate whole sushi. It's a, it is cool. Captain it. Why do they do that? Now I'm gonna get to battle with that taste pressure. It is just cool. Oh. Good song, man. I think it's really good to have a fresh. A lot of him in the rice was cool, it's a chunky. I'll wait a minute. Also, it's like, I should do the baby. I'll let you wait anything, I can finish. Oh, yeah, the food's not so anything for three hours. Why do they well-indized them? I'm gonna spin. Because they're one, one, one. It was a little bit. Not everything's very cheap. But you should have because we asked how many to tell the guys who were shooting at and not to shoot at was worth. I'm in eight. Eight were the crit. Eight were the critical, but not a mess in the crit. No, the crit rate. That is eight including the crit. Sir Torus appears to be on the fact that the mirror. Well, I removed your flashlights. So Aurora is no longer affecting right by the bright lights. Finish and you can do a finishing the incantation and turning the key.

You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV, where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. I met the two rudists, people I've ever met in my life at any gym, ever. Neither of these adult men would let me work in with them. I was like, am I working with you? He's like, you want to work out with me? I want to use the equipment. Well, I'm sitting here. I'm like, I know you're sitting here. You're not using it. You're just sitting here. You've got to open the night use it. And then when I'm done using it, he's like training off. And like, yeah, it's called working in. It's proper gym etiquette. He's like, no, man, I'm just going to finish. I was like, wow, thanks for sharing. And I walked away into calves and I came back. The rudist fucking decent shit. I met a guy. He was doing push-ups against the leg curl machine. I was like, hey, can I use this? I mean, he's like, I'm using it. I'm like, you're doing push-ups. It's a leg curl. So like, I'm about to use it. I'm like, they do it. I was like, do the push-ups in the floor, fuck face. Like, what? Fuck. So we have elected to skip New Orleans for now. We are going straight through to Houston. For me to pull over again, unpack. It takes two hours to basically, it took 30 minutes to unpack. But I also had pre-made the chicken to today's events. There's a good chance we'll run out of an ingredient, trying to cook. So what you mean is we have to have instant card deliver in the morning. And it's just, and then you have to be checking out by 11. By the time you're on the road, it's 11-12. Then it's going to guess a whole another gate. We get to Houston. I talked to Martin. I talked to Terrence. Terrence talked to Hunter. I've talked to Logan, Franklin. So there's several people from me to train with him Houston. And I this morning before I woke up, I went and did fast. It's like, just to get the leg workout in. Because I had hit legs for over a week. So the more road time is going to just make it harder on the diet, harder on the workouts. It's better just to get to Houston. Even if one day we don't get very good sleep, you know, we get in at 2-3 in the morning. Wake up is 9 in the morning. It's starting training at a reasonable hour. I'm training at a high-end facility like LeBraata or Alphaland or Martin. Brad training at a very aggressive gym. I've been training with some cool people. Getting really good workouts. And New Orleans still there. We can still hit New Orleans after the San Antonio Pro. And our way back to the Daytona. Now that I got two weeks between show A and B, this is when it matters to fucking get some training in to refill and come in. Now that we know my height 64.5, I can come in at 182. And if for whatever reason they height me at 64.0, then we can go just take something and piss out five pounds of water in an hour. I've done it before. But I've never missed weight in 17 years. And I've never been high to the lower than 64.1. This would be the third time too. If I got a 64.1 or higher, boom, three different hidings we're done. If we don't, and I can't compete, I'm just not a lot of competed all of the San Antonio Pro. And we just come in at 177 for the Daytona and Lock it in for good. And if for whatever reason that gets blown, there's Denne George on the 4th of October. But we're getting there three. We're getting there three. But coming at 173, when I really kid a came in at 182, murdered my luck. I also think by removing the pressure to go to New Orleans right away. We might end up actually having more fun. We do go. You might also, I didn't mention this, but my legs are ready sore from today's leg workout. So one thing around in New Orleans was sore legs with sock and breaking into a cemetery. Yep, jumping over a rod iron fence. Because this plan of fitness didn't have any traditional Washington's traditional. Then we have any of the high-tech wad work like a hack squat, bounce squat, pendulum squat. So I'm going to have the angled, the really shitty angled smith machine. So I did smith squats with a heel wedge and really, really, really got my quads good. Even though I got, I hadn't done it so long that I was using less than half the way and normally wouldn't half the rug. It's been years since I did it. Boy, it feels so good. That smith squats is like how my favorite quads exercise it on. And it felt so good to do them. Probably going to really incorporate them going forward. And once you don't feel it, I'll probably do belts squat, then smith squat, then leg extension. And inumber, I'm probably going to do Sissy Hacks squat. Like the pendulum squat, then Sissy Hacks squat, regression regular Hacks squat, then leg extension. But I love me some leg extensions. I love me the pendulum squat, I love me the Hacks squat, and the plan is Hacks squat. It is as good as the fucking side backs. You get another 11 hours before we had Houston. All right, 11 hours. Yeah, I think we've done more. It what's hard is much more. Like last night, checking into that Airbnb was really smooth because I had a garage and was a really nice Airbnb. But that first night when we stopped in Georgia, I would look like a really nice hotel and was a shithole. That was a nightmare checking in. Do that place was a hotel. We had a carry, our one box at a time, a hundred feet, every box. And then there is so many different rooms on packing too, that I'm glad to record it on packing in that Airbnb this morning. I mean last night because I fucking unpacked and had that place operational in 30 minutes. And then we checked out pretty much in an hour in the morning. And I couldn't move faster, but I had to prepare the food. I had to cut through a can of tuna with scissors because I couldn't find the patio can of per hour. I packed. And we ever figured out why that Airbnb guy was calling us? I know why. Why? Because it was 12 or one and we were still there. Oh, that's why he walked up on foot and said, what are you checking out? And I said, we're literally packing the car right now, dude. And he said, okay, he talked away. You talked to him? Yeah, I know I talked to him, but I thought that was a really good place. I thought that was a really good place. I thought I talked to him. I like 11. 45. That might be 11.45, but then he called it 12.1, like, are you gone? Yeah. Okay. And what's the point in answer? No. I think we pulled away at 12 or four or 12 or six. Even that time when I was tossing stuff off the bed and something heavy hit the wall, I checked the wall very carefully and I tried to put any mark in the wall. That was not intentional. I didn't realize there was something like there is a heavy container in with the clothes when I pushed the clothes off the bed. I even put the pillows back on the bed, the million throw pillows and surfing over your clothes. I really, really like that place. What did you write in the textbook? Just said, we had a great time. Thank you so much, floating in stay in there. Like we love the place. It's beautiful. Wow, wow, wow. You know, I was, I would be happy to live in that place for years. It was in the Los Angeles. It was a dishwasher, work great. The washing machine work great, the dryer work great, the TV work great, the shower was great. One of the best Airbnb's I ever stayed at. Middle of fucking nowhere though. It was so cheap. So, she 200 bucks total ticket price. Concerningly cheap. Normally Airbnb is like 200 bucks just in cleaning fees. I hope the place we end up choosing and uses that nice. Yeah, I'm just going to pee up against the tree. I don't even know where the fuck this is not a restaurant. It's right around the corner there, so that. Oh, I'm going to be the pole over and pee. Any minute now. Can you see anything? Don't brush stop. That was fucking nick of time, bitches. Whoa, I don't really care. If I can't see where I am, they can't see my dead stuff. That's not that big. And then it stops raining. Right when I say that, I watch the Bismarck ants. All right, we're parking here. Fucking Florida, dude. That's crazy. Yeah, look at what I did. Oh, oh. I actually didn't even throw it. I don't need it though. I'm going to pee in that pebble. Oh, tropical storm bro. Vlog. I'm going to have to turn the heat up a little bit. That was crazy. I don't know if you could hear the thunder in here. Not in here, but you're my dad. Oh, dude, it was loud. My next car is going to be, I thought they had like an auto driving escalator. Why don't you just give a Tesla? Because I need a big car. They have bigger Tesla's. It's called a Cybertron. It's not big enough, bro. I want to be able to haul around like a full studio. We're in the gear. I don't know. Plus drugs, plus drugs. Okay, well then that's different. Ray, drugs, drugs and cameras bro. So there's like that self-driving escalator. Yeah, fucking sick. Plus you could fit like a whole bad in there. Imagine if we just pull over. Well, you can fit about this too. I just can't fit about it in the gear. That was nuts. That was like, I need to pull over and pee. And then boom. It's like the auto driving just is like someone dumped a fucking bathtub on the fucking windshield. And then the auto driving shut off. And I was like, alright, I'm just going to get over. And there's my car didn't tell me there was anyone in my blind spot. And I cut across two lanes of traffic. And it was a rust stop. Because I went ahead and I looked. Oh my God. Whoo. That was lucky. I was going to be a little bit of a million right there for me to pee in. And then it's gone. Yeah. It's mostly clear. Dude, we're like going in a circle around the whole golf at Mexico. Like for real, like look for real. Like what we just did. We went from here. We went all the way down to here to take a soft tampo. Went all the way to Miami. And then we're working our way back around the whole golf a month ago. And we're going to end over here in this area. So we're like stuck all on the golf a Mexico. We're probably 30 miles past from, we've all come back to golf. Oh, wait, is it golf of America now? Golf of America. Flock yeah. That's a lot of fun, man. If it wasn't for the fact that I'm soaking fucking wet. Our plan for tomorrow is 330 pm pole session with hamstrings with underlaprodda in his shirt. And then Wednesday might be Terrence might be low. This is coming tomorrow. Oh yes. Yeah. Okay, cool. Cool. So we're doing that. We're posting up in Houston for 4 or 5 days. We might do alpha land. I mean, I don't want to overstate my welcome. I'm a throttah, but if he likes us, I would just spend a week and a half there. Fuck it. And then we'll just go right to send an audio. Funny thing is I check in the bar out because I think tomorrow's a video. So I've been even checking the rice for six months and two of the rice cakes for six months. Having a off plan meal was scheduled for New Orleans. So we're not going to be there. So we can even be relevant. Mobile, Alabama, 45 minutes. Or we can have another meal. And then we have to run the risk of when we get to bad rouge. Nothing's open because it's a London. Which I think is a bad plan. I think makes sense. It's a town. You have a meal. Take our time. Now we're going to be staying near the La Brada facility. And we have an address for it. So I can cross reference that zone. Why is it telling me the next treasure for what is this not working? You look good. You look good. Thank you. It's good shirt on you. I look so bad. It's not going to be any good. Do the compression stocks help. Well, I'm not dead. So they didn't. I'm not dead. So they didn't. So I'm not dead. And when I was confirmed, your reservation at Airbnb, eight hours per week. So we'll get a swimming bird dinner for an hour. We'll get there three or four o'clock. 100 doesn't train until 330. So we'll get plenty of time to sleep. And in less parents does a problem with us filming. Well, film. If parents does have a problem with us filming, that's weird. But I mean, I understand, I'm gonna read what he exactly said, because I think, oh, he said Tuesday, we come with 230. 330. I'm a little burnt out from filming and training, but I would love to see you and chat with you, man. I just asked Hunter if you could come training the Jimmy said, yeah. So we'll show up. And if he doesn't want to be filmed, we won't film him. I'm sure Hunter would rather get film the not filmed. And if neither of them want to be filmed, then we'll just get a lift in without filming. We'll just talk about it beforehand. Maybe you film my sets or not at all, you know, but I definitely don't want to over stay at their welcome or offend anybody when they're doing this a favor and letting us train there, especially because we're getting the RBNB there so that we can spend five days there. Yeah. Because maybe Terrence is only there one day and the other day is whatever. But it's cool. So we got, we're Kifonabarbicube plays. Normally you go out after a show and you have a meal, but I wanted to save it for newer leaves, but since we're not going in newer leaves, it's either we eat now And then everything's closed by the time we get to the next place to refill, or we eat in large meal now. And then I've still got two meals for the road for later. So even though Popeyes is less in a minute away, it would take us 10 minutes to walk there. And we'd be sweating mass by the time we get there. Yeah. And people are like, why the fuck would you be Popeyes? It's like, it's the closest thing I've ever had to Southern food. It's Popeyes, until today. We're in Alabama. You ever had bow jangles? No, dude. Ready to charge. Cart-charging, clippin' not ready. What the fuck? And now what's stuck in here? Oh, you let me fucking kidding me. Oh boy, Todd versus Carr, who will win? There's two-thlock-in-one charging, but this won't dislodge. Get the fuck out of my car. Oh, no, this is not fucking happening. Do you want me to... Do something, because I'm not fucking punch this thing right off. So normally you push down, and this is the really... Yes. And then it's charging these other two vehicles. Feels like this button is just kind of fucked. There, guys. Came right out. You got it out. Okay, cool. Yep. Just stay out. I'm gonna find a different charger. That could have been really bad. Do things we all know. And the game of Todd versus Carr, no one wins. Dickies, barbecue pit, they can't be it. No, Dick Russells. It says it's a 20-minute walk. Fuck that, we're waiting. Ah, I'm glad these ladies help, but I was seriously about to punch the fucking handle right off. That was making me so mad. See, I intentionally did not take my afternoon orals before the restaurant, because I didn't want to lose my shit on the waitress or some shit. Because everyone in the South is friendly. So my personality would never go over in the South. I've got that East Coast personality. All right. It says eight hours drive to the Airbnb from here, and at least we get to be there for several days. Because you said it was six days, you booked it for? Yeah. So that's Monday through what? Sunday? Yeah. Yeah, you bought us a whole week. Cool. Oh, it looks authentic, it's shit. Chicken and dumplings. Yeah, it looks really authentic. Yeah, I didn't want us to just go to a chain. It doesn't look nice. It looks authentic. Yeah. I was afraid it was going to be like a fancy restaurant. Pardon? Yeah. This is a car running. Uh, Dr. Todd Lee's Anabolic University. Dr. Todd Lee's Anabolic University. Speld out, yeah, or DR. What it doesn't matter, it'll come up Lee. Yeah. Anabolic. Yeah. Yep, that's me. Got you, my friend. Tracey Mock. Todd, nice to meet you. That's amazing. I was just saying, it's one of the day that I don't really believe him, but these batteries are going to die in eight. That's not 60. Wow, so it's nine years old and you're 94%. That's amazing. I was just saying to him that the day that I don't really believe him, but these batteries are going to die. And eight years, because the cars aren't barely even eight years old yet. So how many? I mean, we got a 2020 Model 3 performance. It's an 88%. Oh, wow. I mean, so what do you got me to do, right? Yeah, what are you going to do? Yeah, it's so awesome. It's a 88% fantastic. It is fun though. Awesome. Right now on the use market, these kind of things, they're out there and they're good deals and free charging. Yeah. This is one of the ones that had the transferable, free charging. Wow. It's a free charging. It can bring premium connectivity and all that kind of stuff too. So it's awesome. It's fun. What's it's zero to 64.1? No, it's 3.5. Oh, shit. That's really fast. It's a ludicrous plus on this one. Oh, really? So yeah, it's decked out with the whole everything. I've never done a little bit of Christmas before. Mine's only 4.8. But it's like my daily commute. It's my dog horror. It does. It's awesome. It's best car I've ever had. Nice to meet you too, man. Thank you. Thank you for your service. So here it is. By the way, we keep played. By the cute pork plate. Large pork platter. I don't understand the difference. Sausage plate. Beef plate, pork plate. But then there's platter. Pork platter. Beef platter. Sausage platter. I kind of want all that. I want to try all of it. Super seafood platter. Oyster, stuff crab, fish, filet can have most of that stuff. Pushed puppies. I like hush puppies. They be back rib. That's what I want. So they're open til 8. We want to let it charge all the way. Or do we want to go get food then come back and charge the rest for our trip. That's good. They're only open til 8. Yeah. Holy shit. Alright, so now how do we get there? Russell's barbecue. Point five miles. Let's do it. Half a mile. And then see if it's 20 minutes to walk it. Oh, I'm so excited. So you got barbecue ribs. You feel like running this red. Yeah. And then they got other barbecue stuff. Do you want to do that? Get ribs. And the platter. That's what I was. And just we'll try each try whatever they got. Yeah. That's the move. Are you thinking about running this red? Yeah, I've been thinking about it. But I saw cop drive past your earlier. And I don't know how long this life's going to be. But it seems to go really long. So we have an hour and 20 minutes to half of my way. This car is slowing down. So we're going to half a mile. But it's three stop. I choose it's grace. Yeah. Then I can, we're going. We're not. We're running red lights if we have to. I'm not. The south is rude to wear a hat in a restaurant. So let's see what the fuck have those. Alright. Talking roll bitches. We're here. This looks like a dump. I love it. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. It's fucking nuts. We're missing the mouth them here. Except for my mashed potatoes. But I do have the third. I don't think I can get the third though. Can we get it by the chicken? Yeah, we do get it. I don't know. We got to get a little bit of everything, right? Hopefully they give us dark meat for the chicken. I'm going to see if I can tell her that. Right. We got plenty of biscuits. This looks good. And garlic bread. Mmm. Oops. I'm using it. Well, here's our napkins. Sweet. Alright. Oh. Yeah. This looks fantastic. Chicken. Can I take all the ribs? Not here some ribs. I think for you. I'm going to cook you some ribs because I think that's your lot of ribs. I don't know what the beef is and what the pork is. This must be the beef. Mmm. Yeah. So good. And the ribs are good. Yeah. So good. And the ribs seem like they're fall off the bones too. Yep. I barely touched it with my fork and it was just gone. So if you never had calf fish before, if you've never had it before, I recommend trying a fried calf fish. There's no liposos. I hope so, but you're quite a fine ask because otherwise it has like a very strong particular flavor that people find polarizing. I like it. But, male. Yes, I. I think we know we're going to get it. Okay. This is delicious. So we're going to go with the full slab of ribs. Definitely a more biscuits for sure. Also, I've never had calf fish before. So yeah, I've never been down south before. So we wanted to come to the most down south place we can find in this one. So I'm here. So the calf fish you wanted to try to drill. Right. Definitely. This is that come with hush puppies. I'll write it up. Counts with two sides. Okay. What didn't we get? Do you want to share this and get more stuff? Yeah, we're going to keep ordering through it. I don't care. All right. So what sides didn't we get? We didn't get them at. We got them at. She got them at. She got them at. She got them at. She got them at. She got them at. She got them at. No. I'm trying to find some fried duck for that. Okay. That's what I need. You've told me what you didn't all eat it. If that's our favorite meal. Yeah. Sweetie. Are you game for sweetie? Sure. Sweetie. Alright. Yeah. Yeah. Target sauce would be awesome. You're rich. You want to just a full rack of rich. And I would size with it. Or you want to do a large rib. I'll do the larger rib dinner and then for. Well, which size we're going to get. Can we just get a lot of biscuits? Is this a sense? Yeah. But you can get biscuits. You're going to get biscuits with it. But you're still going to get your salad. All right. So if we're getting the okay and the. Turn of greens. Turn of greens. What's in your toss salad? Just let us eat this. Just let us eat this. Okay. Um, we can go with it. Do you like corn sauce? No. We go on more beans more mash. All right. Tain of salad. So it's good to eat. Tain of salad. Yeah. It's great. Or some string beans. No. I'll go with the baked beans. I'll bake beans. And I'll write. And more biscuits. Fantastic. Thank you. Thank you. What's your name? I'm a man. Then I'm tired. Make some meat. Nice to meet you. I'm going to turn this in and then I'll come back and pick up some dark. Fantastic. Thank you. What this is. Mmm. So this is a pork shoulder. Oh, this is pork chicken. I don't want to take all of it here. Here's some more chicken for you. Even the chicken is good. Okay. Cocktails are the best. All right. It's the best time with your biscuits. That's you. Oh. Have a good one. For how many pitch preserves? Ooh. That's a delicious. It sounds amazing. Oh, so run. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Very good for you. Do the south is fucking wild. I don't believe here for five years. And the food was just insane. I wasn't sure where you wanted to stop. I know everywhere in Georgia, Tennessee, especially. I think there were a lot of places in Alabama. But it's been nearly as much time here. So this is a sweet tea. Yeah. I'll herb it. Yeah. It's pretty fucking wild. There's no one here. It's much better than my diet pop. The best food in the world is hungry. Hungry and turkey is a really good one. But this is delicious. I love restos. Oh, my. And this plant, I think, killed this plant. I don't think there's anything left on this plant. These beans are fucking amazing. The mashed potatoes are amazing. And I know we didn't hit 3000 calories between Monday and Tuesday. Combine might have been 2200 calories. I said we didn't hit that on Friday or Saturday. I don't think so. I was even what 1500 calories, 1800 calories, leading into the show. From then I've been even 2100 since the show. I don't think this is going to turn to a lot of fat. Yes, the body's prepared to turn gross and flat. But I don't want to waste these. They're going to get cold. All right. Here we go. So that's the slab of ribs. Awesome. Awesome. Catfish. All right. Yeah. Thanks, Alex. Okay, cool. So you need to get rid of that plate because you need this plate now. Yeah. Yeah. All right. And then that's more beans. Awesome. So what are these right here? It's fried eggs. Yeah. Okay, got you. Yeah. So I can if you'll take, I don't know, do you like spicy food? I sometimes. If you'll take some of that pepper sauce and sprinkle it on their greens right there. Mm-hmm. That's the way to do it, huh? All right. All right. Put this for you. I just wanted to try it. Oh, shit. All right. All right. Mmm. Looks good. It's good. It's good. It's amazing. Thank you. It's fried characters. Way by way of fried pot. Well, I've had barbecue in Texas when it is nothing like this. It's barbecue in Texas is like dry. The rib, like everything's bad. Yeah. It's funny because that's what Texas is known for in this barbecue. And it's not good. It's not like this. This is amazing. We got this place called Happy Speed Some. We got fried Chad Fish. They've got rib like this. I would say Happy's Pizza and Detroit is a close listening to this. I feel like I got to tell them what I'm going to do. You're not sharing a barbecue sample with water. Then we split a rack of baby back ribs. We'll be split in an order of fried catfish. And then we try each of their sides. Yeah. We'll always split some of our peach cobbler. Peach cobbler? No, we didn't. I mean, this really wasn't that much damage. I had one piece. I had, I think, six baby ribs. Topps. A few pieces of brisket. A few pieces of pork. I said a chicken drumstick. I said the one piece of catfish. And I had three biscuits. And then a little, I taste it some sides. I have to accept a feet. There's still food on the table. I'll take the collar greens and the beans home. Yeah, I think we did pretty good though. Yeah, I know they're good. We did pretty good. These were delicious. I would love to take these and the beans at the potato salad home. Okay, I'll get you some more. All right, cool. I think really sharking alligator tail. All right, I will have to give that a shot before we go back to North. So right now we, I need to throw from Detroit down to Sarasota, then to Miami. Now we're passing through here on our way to Houston. Then we're going to Dallas, the Santonio, and back to Daytona, the Atlanta, then Arkansas, then we're going back home. Or Vegas. Or Vegas. I left it by this one year, about a year and a half. It's nice because he doesn't like the dry heat. And in Tony, I got him to make sure you got it to Riverwall. Riverwall. It's so pretty. I will. It's beautiful. Awesome. Thank you for the delays. I follow. And thank you for the most. I don't know, got much. I left in Houston for 12 years. I can stay in that place. Really? Yeah, I did it. Well, how come? I'm just didn't like it for real. Just what my cup of tea looks. You know what I mean? I guess because I'm here. I don't know. It's really different. Like all it's you want to be in games. Well, that's that, good. All right. I'll take my kids away. Yeah, Detroit's got a lot of gangs too, but we stay away from those people. Daytona. You have to guide the boardwalk, and they don't. Really? On the beach. Yeah. Sounds like fun. Yeah, cool. Well, check it out. Sarah said, I live there for a little while, but I was working a lot, so I didn't get to date ranch. Well, you're just a regular tour guide. Well, he should have brought you with us sooner. Yeah, we actually were listening to Sarah's soda. Yeah, that's what I mean. She paid attention to everything I said. And she's been everywhere I've been. Just now. Yeah, that's awesome. Yeah, that's fine. Thank you, man. I'm going to take this out of my shirt. Thank you. I wasn't sure when you got to have something. But it's just amazing. Yeah, I'm so glad I wasn't on a bunch of worlds in Brudet. Yeah. I mean, a friend. I hate my personality and the world. You were phenomenal. Thank you. I'm so enjoyed. It's awesome for you. Thank you. Yeah, well. All right. I'm definitely like, you'll be a biscuit sum before we bow. All there's still warm too. Pop eyes you have to ask them like, what you got? And they're like, we can catch shit. I remember one cell is a little high on it. I stopped to the Popeyes and it was in like a crowded building. And there's like a line. And I was like, oh my god, you guys have food. And everyone's stopping and like, you're like, what? Like, this is Popeyes right? I've backed up and I looked and they're like, yeah. I was like, you actually have food. They're like, what do you mean? I'm like in Detroit when you go to Popeyes. You're like, what you got? And they're like, we ain't got shit. They make it. And they make it slow. Once I waited 45 minutes for my Popeyes to be. Order me a done. And the first thing that was done was cold by the time the second thing came up. Who needs dessert when you got biscuits and honey? And the Popeyes, you get like, one biscuit. And they won't let you order biscuits as a side dish. This was so good. I don't want to let go. Oh, that got to do it. Well, that's just none of my business. I had to. It's Kermit drinking sweet tea. But you basically say that Jordan Peterson sounds like Kermit the Frog. His voice. Yeah, his voice. But here's the best part, right? So when they've got Kermit drinking sweet tea, saying, well, that's none of my business. So that basically, it's a game for a black woman. So then they started using the Kermit meme. Just Kermit for Jordan Peterson. Then Jordan Peterson got the label of the racist. So I just thought about the only thing I should say, Greta, back Houston is they do got a great thing. They have a what? Great, too. Oh, okay. I like animals. I don't think they're Jordan Peterson. Yeah, so we got a shovel. You guys are other people who are using his face with the meme. Is it 830? Are you guys closed? No, okay, cool. The only thing is funny when you say search, who is teenager, and they look at you like you're crazy. You know, if you don't just be a fly pro, if I'm in the south, everyone is certain, man. I haven't been like full, like full, full. Since March. Well, think about it. I've been dying since before the Detroit probe. Since the Arnold really, I was dying at the Arnold. We, yeah. Did we have a single cheat meal when we were at the Arnold? No. I ain't clean as fuck that whole time. I think the last of my head of dirty meal. That's not, that's not what you know. No, like, I think the last dirty meal I had was September of last year. I think it's been a year since I've had a dirty meal. January of 2024. I had ribs. Because I was in Texas. No, no, no. I definitely had a lot of treat meals. After the Texas probe, I went off the deep end. This is enough for me. I'm gonna wash my hands. And, you know, I didn't really have it to this, really. I've been this with so bad. Now time to practice my vacuums. I said no, whatever. So we gotta remember to charge the car because we did a abort mission. So I have the idea. It's your idea. Because it's 50 windstrawl 25 anniversary. 20 to maximum per day. Rather than doing 50 windstrawl in the morning and being a jerk, and then 25 anniversary later, I'm doing, but the reason why wasn't breaking all in half was because I didn't have a container. So I took one of these empty pill bottles. And so in the morning now, I'm breaking all the pills in half, taking half of them. And then I carry this around with me and then 12 hours later, I'll take the rest of it. Which I just did. So this will digest really slow. Normally I would do it a half an hour before I ate, so that it would hit harder and faster. But I don't want it to hurt hard and fast because I hate my personality when I'm on a roll. So maybe this way, it won't even be noticed. I've been hungry for so long. I forgot a lot of that was just because I was hungry. Like the fact that I wanted to punch the Tesla charger because it was broken, I would never do something violent ever. But I've been hungry for so long under 150 carbs a day for like 16 weeks now, I think. I just because you're on a reddit, you don't have the appetite, but you're still hangry all the time. So I finally am full and I have my old personality back, and I feel like kind of crying about all of the times I heard people's feelings over the past nine months. And this is something I choose to do, so it's not like acceptable. You know, like I put myself in a state where I can hurt people, and they really bothers me. I think that bad ones to eat you. Three biscuits, one small piece, garlic bread, some baked beans, mashed potatoes, whole teat toes. Okay, I'm so bad at smelling. And a potato salad. So the some type of texture time when I had one fried catfish, filet, it wasn't the whole fish. Six tiny ribs, one barbecue drumstick, two pieces of pork shoulder, about three ounces, three ounces of brisket, two hush puppies, three biscuits, a small piece of garlic bread, some baked beans, mashed potatoes, potato salad, colored greens. Did I have something else that I forgot? The hot spot piece, no crap. I didn't mention the old Kirk because it's so tiny. It's like one bite. All right, there's at least some time the truth. So guilty. I'm so guilty. And one and twelve, 16 ounces, sweet tea. I've never had Southern food before. At least he'll know what I did. He'll see that I didn't have dessert. If I ran over a homeless person with my car, I'd feel this bad. A lot of people can't deal with the psychological damage it does to cheat on the diet. I want to lose people. He said, keep it clean like a steak and potatoes. This isn't, I wouldn't say this is clean, but it's an accounting. Like at this show, I told him I said, I had five Oreos. He said, get five Oreos. Look, I had five Oreos. He said, okay. If they were delicious, I think it was probably more like seven. I didn't mean to lie. I didn't mean to count correctly. We have eight hours of a drive ahead of us, and I'm pretty tired. Do we want to walk over that liquor store and get caffeine? Or do I want to just add some, a dessert or frenzy to my water? I'm down to go get some caffeine. Rather than a dessert or frenzy? Yeah. All right, let's go. I should have taken her up on that offer of the diet pop to go. That would have been 35 milligrams of caffeine. You've got the camera, but they talk to me. It's so weird. Sitting here in the couch and watching this TV is going to be a pain in the ass. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to move this table. Whoops. Stupid. We're going to move this table. It's where I can see the TV. And then I can, I'm going to move this bench. So that I can sit on a bench and watch TV while I eat. Whoops. That's a little horrible. We're going to put a chair up against that. Now we can watch TV. Well, we eat this kitchen. I haven't figured out for the light on the kitchen yet. So this seems like it's going to be a good place. It's only three hours from San Antonio. So we might just stay here the whole time. This was like 150 a night for fuck's sake, dude. The only thing that doesn't have is fast and cardio. But I saw park over there. So there might be a fitness center. It's a gated community that looks like town homes. They're like, they're a touch condos. And it's 10 minutes from Lebrado. So, you know, maybe there's a planet fitness as closer for fast and cardio. Maybe not. Look, there's a power strip right here. Fuck yeah. I can plug my CPAP in without having to be bust out my own power strip. What's up here? Is this like where? Ooh. That looks like that piece. I'm going to tall enough. Oh, wow. So the food I packed this morning smells like farts, but it does this smell like feet. So I still think I can sell you that. That's usually my rule. Because if you air it out, it'll stop smelling like farts. But if it smells like feet, it's always going to smell like feet. Close. I did the laundry at the last place that this morning. So we don't have to do laundry again yet. I hope there's tide pods or some shit. That's some really nice stuff. Look out. All right, this is really empty. Let's go take those. All right. Portion powder. This is rice. This is Fender's Fury. Put this stuff away later. At least that might be a way of things are going. Rice cakes can go on the fridge. This is a pantry. This is locked. That this need no good. Everything's going to be easy, easy, easy. Probably not going to need this because these are all the sheets and towels for the competition. This is important. The cooler. Because we're going to take this with us everywhere we go. Groceries being delivered at 8 a.m. tomorrow for what I miss them. Which is peas and carrots. This rupture. All right. We're going to defrost this for the maro. Let's get enough. I'll wipe it down with some towels later. There's no handle here. So that's how well it is here. I always use a towel to dry my hands and never wipe stuff down. We got people towel in the car. This is for the bedroom. This will be the easiest one to break down. I'll sleep on this side up with my clothes on this side. Okay, here it is. So I put it away as one piece. So it'll be so easy. All right. So it's all one piece. So I can just... Now I wouldn't need this on set in fact. But I didn't know I wouldn't need it. So this can go here. Then the speaker. You know, is it ready plugged in? This is already ready to go plugged in to the C-pad. Which this doesn't provide enough room for. So we're going to leave the screen and put this down here. So I can reach down and turn the lamp on. And then I can put the C-pad here. All right. Don't need this yet. All right. This, I'm going to trip on this. I should probably remove this rug. All right. We're almost done with the important important stuff. Madison. One. Madison, two. Madison, two. Madison, break out the C-pad. Because this is for here. C-pad can go here. What's funny? Because it's so ghetto and old. Yeah, dear. It looks like a fucking... Yeah. It's like the C-pad can be fine with your Mark Walber getting dropped onto the planet of the eight. So it'll be like, oh, like you find the C-pad. That's a piece of the map. Let's see if it works. Well, there's missing pieces, too. So this is the filter. I only have one. And this, I don't know what this is, but there used to be a door here. I ripped it off one day because I was getting mad at it. This is something... I don't know what this does, but it falls out of sometimes. It's been set to five for six years. I don't know how to change it. This is where you're supposed to put water in. I think I've never done that. I've never put water in here. You don't put water? I've never put water in here. It doesn't work without water. It works just to wear it. There's an air that comes right out of there. It doesn't just have to never use water. I've never washed this. I've never cleaned it. It's nothing like a mold. It's got this little filter thing. Some have mentioned that. Lose this. Nice and dirty. You can put water in it. No. Not once. Not once. Not one fucking time. Why? Because it was like blowing louder in my fucking face. It was gross. It's like I was... Damn it. All right. We're in perilla. We're in perilla. I'll organize it later. So I know people are like, why don't you put your clothes away? It's like, as I can see them. So now I can just root through this shit and pick out the clothes. I want to wear that day. Here's my phone. So I can play the sounds of the Thunderstorm or listen to Conan the Barbarian or whatever the fuck I want to do this. Here's some... I've got like five hairs left. That's some stuff to glue it down. Here's some posing trunks. Here's a brush. Here's some more posing trunks. These ones are sparkly. This is from my shaver. When I plug it in here and it charges. And you're like, yeah, it's so... It's so if it works, huh? It's like, yeah, but I mean, I put them together. A lot of people, they don't like put their shit together. And then they lose it and it's not useful. What are we looking at now? Yeah. How about the video of this fucking... But do you see how fast I unpacked it and put it together? You want to see something even more fucked up? Look at... I've got a few old bit of functions in the extension. How are you? I did some extensions. Short, put it in a plug. Three devices, one of which is a power adapter. It basically just connects them to a core function. And then this table web. But that's... It's... It's... But I can just go like this. I'm plug it through that shit in there. Pack it with clothes, we're nothing breaks. And then I can do it again tomorrow if I had to. But we get to stay here for six whole night. This is just gypsy shit. I'm sure that's considered racist. Robots on the shit. Promotation. Alright, so what do we miss? Our bloodstreams need something quick. T3 for a long one. Alright. Viking tropeen. Here we go. Tom Sarton. That's for a long one. Ah. Sarah Quill. This is your Sarah Quill. That's 50. You should probably take that because you're going through withdrawals from that, taking it. Because we were supposed to take this hours ago. Ah. Fearing low thing in Houston. Or, I'll take two. I like how you didn't take it. You just pretended to. Because you're afraid of it. I still have to build a camera above. Dude, but you are going through withdrawals. Yes, but like, I was going through a withdrawals from other shit too. You were the one who's... You're going to get 708, snowing back in the game. Oh, you took that bullshit. What, win the strong T4? Get the fuck outta here, tell. Here in my way. To my ex-fin, that's for tomorrow. Ah. Tras-none. I just wanted to get one. Alright. It's a help me sleep. Because what time is it? It's four. Five in the morning by now. We have to be at the gym at 3.30. Viagro. That's for tomorrow. Forgot to slew. Alright, everything's good. We go. Now we're just going to... I'll just unpack the kitchen. But the bedroom's done. I got to take those bedtime pills. I have to organize those. I'll bring two cups in. Morning cup. And night time cup. Battle mead. And a backup sonress. Alright. I got some of the cards too. I think what we should do is show them the cool. We should definitely take the cool label tomorrow. I feel like an asshole showing up to a supplement company showing up my supplement though. Yeah. Maybe you shouldn't bring off the first day. Not the first day. And now for the first day. No, I want to do that if I subtract. Well, it depends on what your whip is going to be. This is a cool label. But like if you were going to whip something out on the first day, that would be what I would whip up. Ah. This honey's gross. Alright. I got to clean some of this shit. Oil and the salt exploded. Fucking awesome. Alright. I'm going to have to unpack everything. I'll organize it tomorrow. We got to find where the thermostat is because this is such a like called cut up. I don't understand why it's so fucking hot in here. Right behind the door. Find the back. What's it set to? 70 cents. Fuck it. Hell. It. It like 72 or something or less. Yeah. This is not cool though. We got to trim this down. But what the fuck? It's on cool. It's on auto. We turned it down to 74 is ridiculous.

Worry! You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. Conclusion to the DHB experiment. So the final results, I'm going to make this really simple because all the details were not important in the end, what really matters is the final result. So the good, the good is that the transcription of DHB is 200 to 400 percent that of testosterone. Whereas trend blown is 500 to 700 percent that up to testosterone. Mastron is about 80 to 120. So Mastron is about a strong testosterone. DHB is about two to four times stronger than testosterone. And trend is about five to seven times stronger than testosterone. Primo is 60 to 80 percent as strong as testosterone. So on top of Primo being in AI, it's also weaker than Mastron for growing muscle. This is a fact. And all the idiots out there have Mastron and Primo confused. They say Mastron is the AI and Mastron's weaker and their fucking stupid and run. There is only one right way in is the way that I told you. Mastron is the perfect antibiotic because it is not an AI. Now the bold and own super family are all basically AI. So EQ is a very strong AI. Primo is a strong AI. The determinant purpose of this experiment was determined if DHB is in fact an AI. Or is it not an AI and it's a good replacement for Mastron in this Mastron shortage. So I ran the experiment for 60 days. So I started at zero and after 30 days of being at 10 milligrams a day, my astridial dropped from a 75 to a 55. Now I also lost fat at that amount of time. And when you lose fat, you're going to lose aromatase. Aromatase, the enzyme is located in the fat. So as you lose fat, you're going to lose aromatase which means your estrogen's going to go down just from losing fat. The good news is this that after the first checkpoint of 30 days, I increased the dose immediately. I did a loading dose of 100 milligrams a day for three days. And then pulled back to 30. So I was immediately at steady state concentration of 30. And I stayed at 30 for a full month. And at the end of that month, my astridial was 58. So at 10 DHB, it was 55 at 100 DHB, it was 58. DHB did not lower my estrogen. Therefore, DHB is not an AI. I had even double check something. I ran EQ for three days in the middle and 30 EQ for three days, which is basically steady state of 10 EQ, not my astridial from that 55 down to a 38. So just to test the waters that 10 EQ drops 55 to 38. But tripling DHB to 30 did not drop. So there's no way shape or form that one could conclude from this data. Now it's any equals one. It's just me. But with mechanistic data, there's no room for interpretation. It's cut and dry. Now we have outcome data. It's an equals one outcome data. But I'm 100% convinced that yes, EQ is a very strong AI. And DHB is not an AI. And there's never a reason to use Primo because DHB is basically four to seven times stronger than Primo at a milligram per milligram basis for growing muscle. So considering it's half the price and it's four to seven times stronger, that means Primo is eight to 14 times the price of equivalent amount of antibiotic effect from DHB. And it's also an AI. So if you want an AI, use EQ since quarter of the EQ converts to DHB anyway. That's what DHB is. It's die hydropoldinone. It's the five alpha reduced form of boulder known. Primo is DHB with a one methyl group added. It's a methyl group added to carbon one. And that does nothing for it. But basically makes it an AI. And it also makes it slightly liver toxic. Here's the bad. That going from zero to 10 DHB increased my GGT, which is the marker for liver damage. All of you guys who think AST and Aaltere liver enzymes, you're wrong. You learn that from stupid as doctors. If your doctor's so fucking stupid that he thinks AST and Aaltere liver enzymes, you should fire him and hire me. He doesn't know what he's doing. I do. GGT is how you measure liver damage in our population. And it went from a 24 to a 37. Still within normal late range. I was still healthy. But when I went from 10 to 30, it jumped up to 86, which is not acceptable. Now, could I have been doing things to make that less extreme? I could have been doing Tudka. I could have been taking NAAC. I could have been doing liposomal glutathione. I could have been injecting glutathione. I could have been getting IV glutathione. I did nothing to protect my liver. And I was also on treet. Now, according to Nova, the treen amplifies the liver toxic effects of DHB exponentially. So that treen plus DHB is the world's greatest combination for building muscle, but it's also the world's worst combination for your liver. So, Mike, take home points. If you're going to run DHB, don't mix it with treen. So you don't cut with DHB. You cut with treen. If you don't use treen in the offseason, because the speed of your metabolism might make it hard to sleep, etc. So in the offseason, you're better off running DHB instead of treen. And you could probably get away with 20 milligrams of DHB per day. You might be able to get away with 30. If you're doing all the liver precautions possible, who knows? Maybe you could even get away with 40. Although most experts say that the upper limit, like broadrichshavas is probably the world's expert on DHB. He said, it's three times more powerful of an anabolic. Nova says it's between two to four times the transcriptional activity. The average of two and four is three. So it aligns with what broadrich says. And he also said the only thing stronger than DHB is treen. Also aligns with the transcriptional activity. So broadrichs, I'm point with that. What I would do is run 10 DHB. If you're safe, go up to 20. If you're safe, start using liver precaution stuff like IV glutathione, Tudka, NAC, run it up to 30. Possibly. If you still have good GGT, then you might even be able to handle 40. Although I don't know anybody who endorses more than 30 milligrams of DHB a day. That's 200 a week, 200 weeks pretty much upper limit. Remember, 200 a week at DHB is equivalent to 400 to 800 of testar master on. So it's extremely strong. Adding just 200 DHB in would be like adding an average of a 600 master on. Remember, test converts into DHT. It converts into estrogen and increases LDostrum. Test is the dirtiest drug possible for an anabolic steroid. That's why you run it as a TRT base. You don't raise it above your TRT levels. Once your DHT is capped out or your estuctions capped out, you don't keep adding tests. You don't add things to control DHT or estrogen. You lower your tests where you can handle the DHT in the estrogen and you just rely on growth hormone and master on to grow. But if you've got horrible cholesterol, DHB is a better first option. If you've got a bad liver, master on it's a better first option. In the cases where you don't care about DHT because you're ready bald, then I could see you running a lot of tests in EQ because the EQ is going to convert to DHB and the DHB you get from EQ doesn't seem to trash the liver the same. The reason why you can't just run a lot of EQ is because it's going to cut down on your estrogen and you need the estrogen to convert GH to IGF1. If any of this is confusing to you, you didn't watch any of the videos in the most important shit playlist. Go watch the most important shit playlist. Immediately, thank you. Great news. I am now partner with Talon Wellness. Talon Wellness will be able to provide you your medication so you get your consult with me. I will review the blood work you got through M&M labs and Talon will be the HRT clinic that will get you your medication delivered to your home. So there's nothing that changes on your part. All you do the same thing you get the consult with me link is in the description box and I take care of everything. It's just that now it is now a different HRT clinic and the lab process is going to be even smoother. The prices will also be lower than they were with the previous HRT company. So this is all good for everyone. You'll love it. Click the link in the description box to set up your consult today and on with the show.

Worry! You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. Hello, greetings and salutations. This is I, Dr. Todd Lee. I'm a medical doctor, I FBB pro and a biochemist. Which means I am the only guy who is these three things on the planet. That's speaks English. Maybe there's someone in other country that does. I don't think there is. So the DHB experiment continues. If you missed it, I had my blood work done in 417 with 80 testosterone and had a 7-b5 astrodial. There's a shortage of master on. I have master on, but I know you don't. So I wanted to help you out and find out just DHB when we make a suitable replacement for master on. Master on, of course, is not an AI because it doesn't have a double bond at position 1 and 2 in the A ring, like Primo and like EQ, which are both very strong, A-is. Now DHB is exactly the same thing as five alpha-reduced, hold a known. That's why it's called the DHB, die-hydro-bouldn't. And it also is very similar to Primo. Primo is just DHB with a toxic methyl group added to position 1. So on paper, there's absolutely no advantage of Primo over DHB. So I wanted to see as DHB actually an aromatase inhibitor. So I ran 10 milligrams, I got up to the loading dose with 20 and then was running 10. Had some preliminary blood work done in 5-11 and found a 107 astrodial. So my astrodial went up from a 75-107. That didn't make any sense. So I went back immediately and got it retested with ultrasound to the, this findings came back and with ultrasound to the on 5-15 after I think it was an equivalent of two weeks on 10 milligrams of DHB. I had a 55 astrodial. So 55 is lower than the initial astrodial of 75, meaning DHB could be a 10 milligrams of very mild AI. Now the other confounding variable in this really matters is I lost 8 pounds that month because I'm in prep. So that would imply that I could have had a decrease of 50 astrodial simply because my body fat went down. That 8 pounds of fat on me is 4% body fat. Great news. I am now partnered with Talon Wellness. Talon Wellness will be able to provide you your medication. So you get your consult with me. I will review the blood work you got through M&M labs and Talon will be the HRT clinic that will get you your medication delivered to your home. So there's nothing that changes on your part. All you do the same thing you get the consult with me. Link is in the description box and I take care of everything. It's just that now it is now a different HRT clinic and the lab process is going to be even smoother. The prices will also be lower than they were with the previous HRT company. So this is all good for everyone. You'll love it. Click the link in the description box to set up your consult today and on with the show. And I was only probably at 14%. So at 10% my aromatization is going to be much lower than 14%. Because aromatisms I'm located in the adipocytes or fat cells. So as you lose fat, your testosterone becomes more powerful. And so we don't know whether DHB is actually an AI. Now in the past I was able to knock a 200-down to 100-star dial using 20 milligrams of pre-moa day and using 30 milligrams of e-Q a day I was able to knock a 75 or 85 as should I all down to a 19. So it's extremely strong. Which one stronger? I didn't use the equivalent amount. So this time since I know how strong EQ was at 30, I up my DHB dose to 100 a day for three days. Then after three days I cut back to 30 a day. I did that because it was an ultra fast loading dose. I do not recommend this. Most people aren't smart enough to get the math right on this. So I know how to do loading doses and I know how to graph things in my head like a graphic calculator. Most people may not even believe me though I think that I'm lying. I actually can do that. So I can do the graphs in my head and figure out exactly where my blood work is supposed to be at at any given time, we're roughly and then I can estimate like I'm going to have a one-o-sad. I think I'd called shot at it with my DHT as I think my estrogen's going to be a 71. And she's like I love how you can call it and I care about to be a 75 or something like that. I just had an ultra sensitive done yesterday and when those results come back we will know whether 30 DHB is more suppressive or as suppressive as 30 EQ. Now another confining variable after I saw the 107 I took a three-day course of EQ just to stop down my estrogen. Now I got the blood drop on 515 for the ultra sensitive bones. So I didn't contaminate immediately after 515 when I had the blood retested ultra sensitive. I took a three-day course of EQ of 30 milligrams per day to crush the estrogen because I am on prep and even 75 is too high. So since the experiment in my mind was completely conducted I didn't need to continue and I could proceed with putting prep as a priority. When the results came back at 55 it was like well since I've already increased my GHB to 30 through doing 100 a day for three days I was like well I don't need the EQ anymore so I pulled the EQ. So this data that comes back from yesterday which would have been 530 is not going to be accurate. The estrogen will be much lower because of those three days of EQ than it would be if it was just DHB at 30. So I might report it on the final and fourth blood work draw which will be most likely on June 10th or June 16th. That's when the EQ will be completely out of my system based off of the pharmacogenetics. Then in June 15th I will have data that would avoid the EQ simply the 30 DHB unless I end up increasing it by that point and we will see whether 30 DHB lowers the blood work more than 10 DHB and if that's the case DHB is in fact an AI. But it looks like if I was just to take the data itself at face value we have a few options either DHB is not an AI which doesn't make sense because it's part of a family of AI's and I lost 20 as you dial from fat loss alone or the 20 E2 loss came from the 10 DHB which would probably be the amount I would lose if I use 10 Primo or 10 EQ. All right thank you I hope you enjoyed this have a wonderful day.

You're watching Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. Hello, I'm Todd Lee. I'm a medical doctor. I have BV Pro Bodybuilder and Biochemist. When I'm about to tell you, I shouldn't tell you. In fact, you should probably put your mom up on. Unless you're ready to hear something that is not appropriate for kids, it is the high energy fat loss stack. So this is the easiest prep I've ever been on. And through the encouragement of Dominic Kuza, I tried a few drugs that I would not normally try. And one of the things I noticed is this specific combination of drugs is that it came out to have a ton of energy. So I'm sort of being cracked out like I don't do stimulants really. So there's a little bit of clenin there. I do 20 milligrams of clen when I wake up. But I've never had a problem with clenclen never really bothered me. It's bothers some people. But remember, I'm a zero caffeine type of guy. I was able to fix my sleep cycle so that I'm going to bed about 11 p.m. midnight and waking up about 7 a.m. 8 a.m. every morning, which allows me on the normal, circadian rhythmist of humans, taking advantage of quarters of all during the right periods of time. That's a different video. And I will get to that probably tonight. But I wanted to give you the good stuff first. So the high energy fat loss stack is 20 milligrams of clenin. I know it's something maybe doseable. You do enough drugs and low enough doses. You get all the benefits and unside effects. One milligrams of redder fix my diet beaties. Now that doesn't mean that it's going to help you. But a lot of you won't have appetite and you won't cheat on your diet with the redder. And I do redder at the end of a high day. So if Mondays and Fridays are my high days, I take one milligrams of redder at the end of my Monday and Friday. So I know I'm the everyday guy. I see do everything every day in from muscular with an insulin pin. This is the exception because in the off season, I probably would microdolls redder. But because I'm in contest prep, I have a starb cycling. And that carb cycling is keeping my thyroid active. So don't even ask if I'm using thyroid meds. I get my thyroid tested every week. It's always above 3.0. So because of the carb cycling, I don't have to use thyroid meds. So redder allows me to not cheat on my diet on my low days. Then when it wears off after three days or so, that's when I'm hungry that happens to be my next high day. So matcy 1 milligram, it makes my matacondria more efficient. And the slune SLUPP332, I do 250 of those with every meal and I have four meals. So I haven't actually gotten up to four of those yet. I'm only at three. But the bottom line is that the slupy helps feed the whole system. It's working on these orphan estrogen receptors that estrogen doesn't bind to. And nothing else does either. So we just had these receptors just sitting there doing nothing this whole time. So they finally came up with an agonist that works on them. And that this facilitates the what I understand, the mitochondria being also stimulated to produce energy from fat. So we've got the clan liberating the fat from the fat cells. That the fat gets normally transported by alcarnity. I do 600 milligrams of is it milligrams? So kind of milligrams of alcarnity. So the clan liberates the fat from the fat cells. The clan transports it to the mitochondria. This slupy makes mitochondria rim faster. And the matcy makes mitochondria more efficient. And I have so much fucking energy throughout the day that I'm able to run like four businesses and do contest prep. We're normally I barely be able to do contest prep. And my businesses were just going to shit. And I have to rely on other people to run them. I'm going to say it again. So for those of you who are not very good at attention. All right. Here's your TLDR version aka a real high energy fat law stack is 1 milligram a red of two tied at high carb days. 1 milligram not see in the morning. SLU PP332 would I call slupy 250 micrograms and then titrate up to maybe 750 or 1000. I haven't and 600 milligrams of alcarnity. Get it from Chase Iron Fitness. Um, cold is full our word. And then 20 micrograms of clan in the morning. So every one of these things is taking the morning except for the slupy is taken with each meal. And the redta is taken after the end of your high carb day. And the point of the high carb day when you're dieting is so that you can maintain your normal thyroid function even though in a calorie deficit. One thing I want to point out, you could take slupy fasted. So when you wake up, if you're going to do fasted cardio, which you probably should, then I would personally suggest you take wrath of alcary because wrath of alcary does every single one of these things. It does the fat liberation with sinephrin. It transforms the fat to them mitochondria with um alcarnity. It stimulates the fat and the mitochondria with caffeine. I don't like using caffeine, but I know a lot of you do. And then at T2 works as a mitochondrial and coupler. So it works like M15, which is the new version of it, or like trend or like DMP, only the T2 is something that your body naturally produces when it's decomposing the T3. It just does it stick around long enough. So it's secondly a natural supplement because it occurs in your body so I can use it. So I know you're thinking, well, why would I even bother with the wrath of alcary if I get all those other shit? The wrath I made to be like the glue that holds the puzzle pieces together. So we're going to liberate the fat from the fat cells, move it to the mitochondria, have the mitochondria of work faster and more efficiently. And that's how you burn more fat. And then unlike with an uncopler, where you just lose it as heat, which would be great if you're dieting the winter, but it sucks in the summer. It's just you have bones of energy, which means you can get more cardio in, more steps in, or have more efficient workouts in the gym. So try this out. If you want, if you're scared and you don't know how, get a consult and I'll decide which parts of it are actually appropriate for you. Because obviously you would have to be on antibiotics to be able to not lose muscle on this. The beta receptors are only stimulated in the presence of energians and there's a lot more to the story than just this. But for if you're already on HRT, if you're ready one of my patients, if you're ready one of my coaching clients, then ask me which one of these is right for you. And we can start to fine tune your fat loss phase if you're in a fat loss phase. I figured this announcement would be better. I would never have used this stuff if it wasn't for the encouragement of down Kuza and he is so smart, I trusted him, and I'd believe he was right. I added each one of these one at a time over this bed of months. And I found that they work synergistically in this amount. If you've got questions, make sure to ask them in the comments. And if you want to hear from me directly, something personal, like your personal health, not general questions, personal stuff, you gotta get a consult. I can't talk about you. Personal medical advice in the comments section. Only I'm a phone. All right, have a great day. May the force be with you. Great news. I am now partner with Talon Wellness. Talon Wellness will be able to provide you your medication. So you get your consult with me. I will review a blood work you got through M&M labs and Talon will be the HRT clinic that will get you your medication delivered to your home. So there's nothing that changes on your part. All you do the same thing. You get the consult with me. Link is in the description box. And I take care of everything. It's just that now it is now a different HRT clinic and the lab process is going to be even smoother. The prices will also be lower than they were with the previous HRT company. So this is all good for everyone. You'll love it. Click the link in the description box. It's at up your council today and on with the show.

You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV, where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. You're a clear place. Yeah, no, all this stuff is fantastic. Yeah, and it's a little bit of an equipment nerd. I guess he kind of showed everything's him. I've been watching a train for about six, seven years now. And I know that you haven't been putting stuff out lately on your channel. Yeah, I kind of took a hand, it's from all things public. I thought that's 10 or 11 months, I didn't know. So when I was coming out today, and I was like, I don't think he's going to want it. We got filmed training and stuff. You mean a year, like, yeah. Yeah. Getting back to it now, definitely getting the YouTube fire back up. And just having to deal with bolts, so I'm coming to stuff for them. All right, sweet. Time to get back out and public out. It was nice taking a little time to myself for the picture. Well, I'd love to get a train session in with you before I leave town. I'm going to leave Sunday. Okay, so unfortunately, I'm off Wednesday, and then Thursday, I fly out the Phoenix. All right, I think the body will be fixed. Okay. So make it happen again sometime. Well, I'm doing the San Antonio Pro. Okay. I just did the Florida Pro. Okay. And I'll be passing through here again on the 21st or 22nd. Okay, I think we're around then. All right, cool. Come through and catch a little deeply work out. Yeah, that'd be perfect. We've got Detroit. Okay. We met at the Detroit Pro the year before. Yeah. That was a fun weekend there. Yeah. So I've just wrapped it up here. You only do back and chest and delts. And then the next day, I was doing arms and legs. And then this evening's here. And so as well. But now I've split it up. So I do back and chest and delts. Then arms is kind of like an active rest day. Then I do legs. But yeah, you've got the best equipment. I appreciate that man. Yeah, it's been a five year work and proud. You're asking me to have everything that I want. So yeah. And I love the card idea. Yeah, that's nice for sure. Yeah. Things you can do to prime a gym. You can't do the public. Okay. Well, you inspired me to like do this too one day. Okay. On the size table right here. Yeah. And this so asked thing on the size table. Now you guys have been here for four years, right? You've been here five years. God, this is big. Wow. Did your dad have this bill to resist already in these? I don't know. You have a library. All right, guys. So welcome to the route in the Trishon. You all have seen the gym. But one of the give you all a tour of the rest of the building. Starting on the warehouse. So we recently opened up our second warehouse. The second warehouse is exclusively for truckloads of RTDs. If it's less than a truckload, it comes out of this warehouse. And if it's anything else we'll make it comes out of this warehouse. So have a decent size warehouse space here. In addition to that, I also have all my personal apparel and merchandise here all the way to the day stuff. So that gets shipped out of here as well. And on this kind of bringing off through here. Can see. They can pack areas right here. Got all of the RTDs ready to be grabbed in a moment's notice. Now you launched your signature line. Was it four years ago? Four years ago. Yeah. And you're lying this premium. You made it yourself. You would use. I used nothing but it. I used it. I used it a new RTD preware house. He used it a way out into the wild right now. Okay cool. Oh, that was the first. Oh, that was awesome. Oh, for sure, man. Are they all similar to a non-stem? They're all stiff. Okay. We were just having that conversation yesterday that I pre-work out RTD would probably have a lot of sediment. And so you probably have to shake it. I've literally had to work with that suddenly for a while, but it's pretty subtle. And obviously guys did it for view, but you can see these two big glass doors go straight into the gym. It makes it very convenient for playing gym equipment Tetris, which we actually did recently. We've got a six new pieces and then move some stuff out. All of this stuff is actually going over to the second warehouse that we have opened. So all of those boys over there had a really nice gym for themselves as well. That's awesome. You guys are the ones that started it, then a full on to it. And it's like now the dream. And then this is just where we staged all of the RTD orders out of. So anything that's actually on the floor right now will all be gone by two o'clock in the afternoon tomorrow. So wow. Oh, this will get good. Wow. And we're typically running 15, 20, even 30 trucks a day sometimes normal days with this point. And how many units go on each truck? I'm sure you're looking. I'm going to tell you something about how many tops. And so now we are back to the gym. I'll give you all the little run through on the top of the real foot. The bigger the gym conference rooms in here. So we're all the management. So take a look at the menu. So we need the large capacity for getting air to ease on the wall. Yeah. Front lobby. Got a little flux space slash small conference room right here. And then we're really proud of this. This is actually Brown and Fration's Mission statement. We've had this up on the wall and whatever building we've been in since the inception of the company. So this is really near and near to our hearts. And this is actually the mega trance of your visitor or the owners of the boy and some free family nice little lobby area. Downstairs we have the finance department, the accounting department and HR and the upstairs we have the upper level management along with the sales team. So pretty all upstairs. Show you all the awesome. This is beautiful the rock garden. Yeah, I know that it's a great job of that. That's a little bit of body. Well, you guys, you guys are all leaves on your pedals for my view. Yeah. It's so, so full circle that Lee was parents' inspiration and then now parents this here. And then obviously this is second time for each room. This is my favorite of the two conference rooms just to the test. The little viewing gallery for the gym. It's a, the final little touch. This is awesome. Well, you always jokes about that gym being his golf course. You will take a take this meeting. So people in training with the mistake of a play golf step. It's awesome. Nice. A lofty through the office area. You know, we're down the stairs, the kitchen and that's about all the cool stuff. It's beautiful. You even got art and all the cubicles. It's like a super positive working environment. What's something really cool about LeBraude is, you know, we've had quite a few employees be here for 15, 20 plus years. That's amazing. Very, very little turnover. Everyone really enjoys being here. Definitely, hey, using the work business. There are family when it comes to business. But it is definitely a family environment. Right. See you. I'll go a couple of my cousins work here. My brother works here. So, so family business. Now, when did your dad started that? In 1885. So, we're going to be here. Congratulations. That's incredible. And he stopped competing when 87. Did you see the seven? I do your time. Did you have an NG-3? Oh, so he literally switched right over. And then last but not least, we got the kitchen. This is your favorite room. I'm cleaning body building company. We have six blood and four body crewmates and two refrigerators. And yeah. That's pretty much, pretty much, we'll brought in a nutshell, man. So, how's your eating going? You know, I really haven't started pushing food at all. For the last 10 months between just the highest and the toast to take. And then having my shoulder surgery fixed the clerk requirement hasn't been that high. So, probably about two weeks ago, I met a couple of my food up a little bit. You know, between that and then introducing some things from bodies for responding swimmingly. So, awesome. Keep the food worth that for a while and that's stress my stomach up. Because I switched. I was doing the chicken shakes for a few years. And my, it wasn't working as well from what's funny with me, as I ran into a different problem. Because I wasn't chewing ever. It was the chicken was getting in pockets and my gums. Because I wasn't chewing, it wasn't pushing food out in new couple of them. It would just sit in there so start rotting inside and cause them cavities deep under the gum lying. Because I think you and me were the only two guys who took the liquid diet. That's seriously. Well, I appreciate the tour, man. If you're going to be a little bit of a good season, man, you're glad that you're showing it to you. I'm tearing some time. Well, I will hit you up. We got a running grab my daughter, but thanks for your tour. Time you're going to be coming soon. I will. Awesome. Appreciate you coming back to that. Thank you, buddy. Appreciate thanks for sharing the gym with us.

You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. I have actually never had an intro before. Oh, God, I'm curious to see how this goes. I've got to find a water fountain. I've got to see where is one. I think it's in the bathroom. I'll be a little more careful. I found one. I'll be right back. I'm going to start with this because it's pretty chillier here. I'll take it off after like two sets. We'll get the water at. Right over there. I never had an intro or a STEM-free free workout since like I was 19. So I'm going to see how this goes with any luck. I'll look as big as he does by the end of this. All right, buddy. You want to start with a banana fly or the other banana fly. You leave the way by the heart. Prior to today, I have not really trained other than once since April. So since when? April. Oh, wow. That's why I'm so fucking small. So I'm like, yo, anything goes right now. Is this going to be a deep of enough stretch? One can always find that real quick. So you want to see how we do it here in Texas? You might think this is just a fany pet. But, uh, maybe keeping the fun stuff in here. I just got them. They're going to stretch on those. Oh, okay. There's rat really much stretch at this. I know. That doesn't give you much range of motion. No, if you lower the seat does it help at all. I tried that. Oh, damn. That's just not my time. Here we go. Let's do awkward. Let's do awkward. Let's try the other ones. Good. Wait a sec. Do this comes forward. That's just for this. Yeah. So these handles are just going to be in the way. Right. So this again, there's no range of motion on this. Those handles must just be for rear delk. Oh, this sucks. That one's unfortunate. All right. Why isn't there another one over this way though? There's this one. This is like gody-locked in the three bears. Yeah. She's just trying to train. That's it. Better? With the fork. That's new. Oh, that's, I think it's rear delk right now. Wow, so why want that? I want the extra stretch. Fock. Here we go. And this one was just. That's summer. That's summer-inged motion. There we go. With that guy's gun, there's a motion, there's a motion, there's a motion with those two are. Ooh. I'm actually getting the, every time that I come back to this gym, because I've come to the gym like twice now, I get closer and closer to saying, Screw it. I'm going to actually get a membership here. Guys, the gym I go to, don't get me wrong. It's great. But it just doesn't have all of the things that we have here. You have one five machine. And if it doesn't work for you, oh, do that. So. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. It's a little bit better. It's a little bit better. Yeah. Somewhere in your motion to it. Do you remember to reach out five machines that you'd still on his phone? All right. Let's see how this goes. I've never done this before. So damn, it's like getting put in the stock. Oh, yeah. Oh, I like that. It's a lot of range of motion. I go light as a fucking deepest fuck. Could have got to chest all warmed up. Yeah. So I don't have to worry about tearing it when I press. I think it was back in 2019. I was feeling really good because I was on trend. And I was like, oh, yeah, I can just real quickly rip out the 90s on a bench press. Nope. Almost tore the pen clean off the bone that year. Put me on the left. But you know, that's what happens when you're 21 and you think you're a mincible, right? Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Good shit. How like that? How like that? How like that? How bad. Oh. Look at the fucking fibers on the chest right now. That's neat. Yeah. Good job. Awesome. You're a good girl. Awesome. You're a good job. You're a good girl. Awesome. You're something I love. Yeah. Awesome. There's a road to the ice. It's awesome. Nice, very nice. Nice, well off. I got a little something. Yeah, cause... How I'm kind of curious. Yes. The other... I know all the ways, yep. I'm just gonna go. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just gonna go. Who the f*** is there? Come on. Last one. Yeah. Damn it. All right. I think it really liked the stretch on that. When nice roomed up now, he's still texting. So he can't use that machine. Um... I don't know. It's a subtle call out. Oh. I'm just gonna go. All right. We need some weight on there. So it heights good. Oh. There's no pin. That's why it felt so light. That... that hat. Let's see. Is there another one to steal? Nope. Well, that's a predicament. The fuck do we do? Maybe front desk has something. Wait. I have an idea. I got this. I got this. We got a pin. All right. Take it. Okay. There we go. There we go. There we go. There we go. There we go. There we go. There we go. Good chance. Come on. Come on. Good. Good. See that. That was like perfect. 12 reps. I'm the dot. I just guess to make him a perfect. I'm glad to see how much strength I got left after not training for fucking ever. You're a tank, holy shit. That's like nothing for you. Pressing was my like semi strong thing. What way is this at right now? Doesn't matter. It's too light for you. It's in a hundred and a time. It's okay. I started with half of staff. Yeah, that's not too bad. Good little one by one. Yeah. I lost count. I'm sure that's a warm up for you. That doesn't count. That's a bullshit set for you. I can definitely tell that I slipped. I slipped on my side last night. This shoulder is like, you know that little sore feeling you get up in the collarbone when even like sleeping like this at the whole night. Yeah. I'm feeling that right now. You know they say though. If you've slept wrong when your shoulder just don't want an extra plate, it'll even out. Right? Got that. This is a trick for that. Good. Let's go. Let's go. Come on. Come on. You got more. Perfect. Let me see what I can do. Got that little one. 50 pass. See what happened. I like how they're. We're out in the back. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I can do that. I don't want 50 pass. See what happened. I like how they have deep breaths. We're out in the back. I'm even talking. Do you know? No. So hear me out. Hear me out. We have warmed up. Actually, no. Not five machines. We did your hip abduction. Yeah. Your bandwork. Then we tried five machines warmed up. And we're on set number two of the world. And they have been talking. So the whole time. All right. I'm like, I'll tell you. I want that machine. That's at least a hundred calories burned just from moving to lift. Let's go. Yes, sir. What happens if you come all the way down with it? And then pause at the bottom. Do you have more chest that way? I feel really just all filters that. Oh, really? Okay. What did you bring? Like you're doing a pull down. Pull down. And then come up. There we go. No, I felt that a shit ton more. Pull down. Here you go. That's why it was so satisfying to lie. That's why you're such a less wathen. It's hard to fuck like you at my way. Yeah, I was like, did they go in? I'm not. Feelin' this the way I need to, but that changed to that change. Yeah, I'll probably drop down on 140 next for that. Yeah, it's a little stiff, get coming in out. Didn't it? On, uh, get that pinned in there. Now we're gonna switch grips to try and suck more. Word. Get more of a chain of tests with elbows or forward. That's it. So rough. There we go. Oh, and inner grip now. You can keep doing the other grip. Nice. I like to change it up. I put it on one time I made it lighter. You're now to lift up on the handle so get it in. That should be good enough. No, it's not. But I'm, so, that's up. There we go. There we go. He is there. Come on. Yeah, now I like that. Yeah, I like that there. And scapular attraction on the way down. Pause at the bottom. There you go. There you go. Keep those elbows in a little closer. So we're going to move on a little closer. So we're going to move on a little closer. Do it now. There we go. There we go. Come on down. Come on down. Good shot. Okay. That's all. That's all. I definitely'm going to drop down to one ten. Let's take a look at these. The titties feel like full. Trying to go for that dolly part of the arrow pump right now. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, now it's not hard. Check this shit out. You got his intro. Did he find your intro? We have blueberries and creamer ice. Blueberries. Pimmer ice. Oats. Oh, shit. This is why he's as big as he is. So you're a pianist. I don't mean it. That's why I'm not that big anymore. Really hot ten here. With secret creamer ice. There he is. White rice. Back. Coffee grinder. Look the rice on the ball. Be nervous. Spend up for a couple minutes. Beautiful creamer rice. The rather than buying it. Not even buying it. No additives. Here, rice. We have a little electric kettle. He's up. He'll want to want to have a racer. I used to do that. The orange box has a lot of iron in it. I would take cow roast rice and put in a vitamins and do the same thing. And it worked out nice. Come on. He goes all the same tight. He like a man's. Yeah, the shield is good right here. Wait. Come on. Double. There you go. Double. There you go. Double. Double. There you go. You have those upper fibers right there. Double. Double. Double. Come on. Come on. That's it. All right. Cool. I'm getting like a solid six with that. So we got two sets of packed deck. Four sets of processes. How much volume do you normally do for shots? Again, at this point, I've nothing. We want to move on and start doing some back. That's good. All right. We can probably work you with no well. We get some get the rear belt if you want. I don't want to hit rear belt before back. What if I get the rear belt? We got chest. All right. Let's see how this goes. I've used this machine. I think one at the Arnold. Classic. Got that more circular. Yeah, I like that. Yeah. That's my favorite touch up pull down. This and that, the Nata, one arm row, I like. Yeah. I just don't like doing it first because there's too much weight. I get you. And then something too much braising. There you go. to There we go. That's it. So, I'm gonna trick, I think, as anterior pelvic tilt, chest forward and chest up, driving the elbows forward to get the lower left. Yep, I see it up, feel that. I would keep my head up. There you go. Yeah, I wish I had this machine on my other hand. Just fucking phenomenal. Nice. I have not felt connection like this on a lap, well don't know why. Right here, right? Yep. That feels great. I hope I'm half as good at lifting weights as you are at posing. I'm not going to hold so. That's what would be worse if you're trying to fucking do that. I've got to do the point right now. Pull over machine that probably sucks ass. Yes. I've never used a baller machine that didn't suck at. There was one ever that I used. That wasn't awful. But it was in New Jersey. The change rhythm, not a lesson Pittsburgh. I was gonna say, powerhouse Pittsburgh is the one time. Yeah, actually there is that one too. There's two. There's one in New Jersey at Iron Culture. That's a good one too. Which one is this house again? This is a world famous gym. I just, when you said it, I've picked up a lot of things. Make sure the hog when I think of it. I don't think of it house again. Oh yeah. Close you, we'll do corn hog. I forget that. This is nice. This is a huge difference. That 50 pound. I'll be straight up. I'm feeling the fuck out of this pop product. But I don't. That's perfect. Right there. You see, you feel the pop product? Film off. Fuck out of it right now. Good. I'm like, I never take anything ever. I'm more like, I'm either gonna take steroids or nothing at all. But holy shit, I'd be willing to take that again. It's like every day we go to a gym that's better than every other gym I've been to my life. Every gym in Texas is better than every other gym I've been to. That's me. I know that feeling. When I came here from Georgia, I just say in Georgia you learn to make do. All right. With the exception of like madhouse, man, house gym is kind of hippy. But like with the exception of that gym, everything in Georgia is like whatever. It's like crunch gym is in plan of fitness. And when you come here and it's like what the fuck did you do two scoops of the pre and two scoops of the intro? Yeah, the double. I mean, that was Roman when he had hair. Say what? I mean, they just showed Roman up there for a second. Roman's competing like I think today. Where are women? Him and hers are not doing italy, but some other show in Germany. Like the fight for the tennis games. Huh? It's the tennis games. Yeah. Actually, waiting for that one because I'm going to be covered a little bit on that in a second here. So I fucking video that I made on hers with the thumb tape. Yeah. I'm sitting on like half a million views on the right now. I believe it. All right. That video has been the source of all of my new content because you know, I'm doing the call out videos now. Right. I did not anticipate it going off that hard, but when here's how it fucking happened. I have to bribe you. So you don't do a call out video on my posing a team. No, no. No. We ain't getting out worried about that. It's like scientific shit. It's like I was like, I thought of it. I need a bribe to scare all. So this shit doesn't call me up. When I just made friends with her, it's so fresh. It's just like, I'll be out there. Views how that fucking video went down though. So 11 30 at fucking night. I'm laying down. I'm like, oh, wow, it's just one because I'm seeing body bills without orders in those places covered. And someone commented and tagged, you know that guy, Daniel Coffee? So he's like a, he's like up like one of the biggest posing coaches right now in the US when it comes to this type of thing. Oh, damn. Yeah. Someone's called Captain Dan. Because it was Lieutenant Dan and then we turned Captain. He was like, now I can't come into Lieutenant Dan. I was like, I was actually his coach in 2017. I was his first coach. That's the same. It's crazy how small this fucking world is. Yeah. Someone's been here. It got up my mouth like mine. Everyone knows you do are eventually. I was surprised, honestly, that I haven't gotten in more fights with the shit that I thought so. I won't be straight up. But this fucking guy comments and tags Daniel in is like, hey, look at Earth's thumb take. You should make a video on this. I'm making a video. Oh, man. Anyone else. So I said a fucking alarm on my phone. We'll go a bit 730 in the morning, maybe the video and post it. Half a million views. And now I'm like, well, shit. That's what happens when you just, you see an opportunity and you fucking jump on it. And that's why I'm like trying to stay on top of everything else that's going down with the show. Smart. Now, what if we drove our chest up as we pull our elbows down? Like that? Yeah. I'm feeling that more rear deliating. I'm glad. Then do what you're doing. It helps me externally rotate better when I keep my chest that's had bit lower for some reason. That's a nice and solid 12. Normally, I would do two sets, but this is so good. I'm going to do three sets. That was my third. What is it? I was yours second, which is how you added this way. Oh, you're right. Yeah. I didn't count the first set. Oh, oh, oh, my lord, I really did get enough stuff over. Go on. Well, there's something downstairs. Oh, oh, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god. will do alright. kir pushing. right B low arm All right, that's good one, ma. This is a phenomenal machine. You're going out of grip right? I found that was like fast for right here. Oh, I see what you mean, yeah. I wish this one had the, uh, shit. There's a specific machine that has like the free pegs that you can put it so that it has a slightly different, uh, resistance path. This one is very, very heavy at the bottom, but then towards the top it's like next to nothing. And if I could get it to where there's a little more even from top to bottom, I'd be, I'd be loving it. But it's really heavy on top. Very, yeah. Very light on the bottom. Very light on the bottom. Yep. Like all stretch all this one. Thank you. You killed your beverage. You want me to fill it up for you again? I'm grabbing the thing. Oh yeah. Do you want more pre-intero? I might. Who knows? And we're taking the second. It just 10 to clear my second back day. I hit back on Thursday and then when he came in here, they were hitting back. I was like, we're hitting back. So this is the pre-workout. Yeah. That's the brand. That's my brand. Finish fury. Okay. And then this is the intro, which is on Amazon right now. That is supposed to be on Amazon. They just haven't put it up. I'll be. That'll be. That'll be. That'll be. Okay. Now I'll be looking at both of those guys. Again, I've never been one to put much stock in them before, but theoretically I should not have a pump right now because I have not eaten yet today. And it's fucking 330. All right. So not to be a dick. Yeah. I am the only person I've ever met who makes these who went to college for it. True. Everybody else is just some guy. No. I want to sort of supplement company and then the menu texture just white label some bullshit. Yeah. And every brand is the same. There it is. Good shit. Oh. I think this is the one lower. I'm going to go get your bathroom look like. Hey. It's hard. Like your house. This fuck they do hurt the mentions. What are you doing? What are you saying? I'm fucking funny. Men will be men. What can we say? All right. I'll tell you. It's a good thing that I'm not mic'd up 95% of the day because I swear if some of the shit that I'd be saying just on the regular was out of the record man, I'd be out of a job. I'd be. I'd be. I'd probably get shot there. All right. I'd be saying some wild shit sometimes. I didn't realize you could do everything in the head pump. Hmm. Come on now. Let's go. Yeah. Oh. Come on. Oh. Come on. Yep. That is that. Hey. Which girl was you checking out? We heard you in the head Oh. I said this is the bus gym and I said why don't we tell anyone live in Detroit when they could train here and Detroit is shit hole. This gym's fucking incredible. Why do I live in Detroit? This shit hole. Humber is cool, general. I mean I was checking out myself in the mirror in my head. Oh, that's even worse. That is even worse. I don't know what I said. I mean, huh? I don't think I said that at all. Like girls hot. This fuck they didn't heard the mention is perfect. Oh, oh, oh, the one on the wall, the one I wanted to do up. Yeah. Oh yeah, we got to see this now. Oh, that's fair. That's valid. That girl's. That's what I was talking about. Oh. That's what I was talking about. I was like, I can't get him at girl. He began to those anime girls. Look at that. Like I don't normally like muscular chick, but she's how his fuckers are face is him as deformed. Maybe looking for his, he'd be looking for a designer woman. Hey, on the bright side, as we start making those AI robots more more realistic, we might actually be able to do that. You know, 1599 a month. You can submit your design. They'll 3D print it. Put it on a robot. Oh, this is amazing. I want to move to Austin just with this machine. Just these two machines. It's just machines for nothing special. But then Pinnata and this Pinnata all it's amazing. I can't wait to go to Derek's gym and do all new tech equipment. Watch, I'm not going to have a sleep because my back can't hurt so much from doing so much back work, but I honestly because these are all verticals. I don't think it's hurting me. So these two I want to try them. But that's not the responsible thing to do because I have to be healthy enough to train pole with John, June on Wednesday. I'm supposed to train pole with John, June on Wednesday. So I don't want to fuck my back up with it. You're many machines. Understandable. Because you're not supposed to do this. You're not supposed to use new machines on P.s week. No. Because you'll always get sore. Yeah. But it's been working. I fucking blew up like a house. I did. Since that last show. What are you training with John? What are you training with John? Muscle factory. Oh yeah, yeah. He's over in San Antonio. I got the gym and I ran into the house right next to Muscle factory. Oh fuck yeah. So I can train there every day. Hell yeah. You should see if you can. If you have the time, try and look uh link up with Joe Jogansolish. He's a he's a men's physique pro out here. Okay. I work with a lot of his clients really good guy. Real, real good trainer too. All right. I did two sets here. How many do you do? Two or three. Two or three. Two or three? Well, if you're talking about here, I think I did two. Okay. Don't quote me on that. We did three there. We got two to do here. Let's do one more here. Okay. And then maybe we'll try this out. Maybe. Is that a row or like a? This is a row. Yeah. This one's a row. Yeah. I don't like that range of motion. But this more circular right. I'm going to try that because there's a hundred. Let's just do this. Okay. Let's just just train it out. Yeah. To make what? Straight to the circular out. You just feel what I do this? I love this. I love this. I like ropes. I'm a row kind of guy. I don't see you do eight. I'm a meal. I'm a one up on here while you hit that good. Because you probably do I can only do like two sets of rows because my upper right back is fucked up. No, I like I'll flat out go absurd on rows. My like staple movements are bent over rows and dead lists. So like this is my this is my fun stuff here. All right. Let me see what I can do. They got their own plates here. Is that you heavy? Actually yeah it's a little bit who's very up there. Who's starting to two plates? Come on. Well, when I was 220 I could but I'm a but not on a new machine. I'm a I'm a small bean now. Why don't we just once you just get the range of motion on with one? If it was a more if it was a more linear row I'd be pulling two place no problem. I'll tell you that but this outer shit. Right. It's all. It's gonna all scapure. Yeah, it's all that's all. It's all dealt for me. Yeah, that's better. It's all scapure. What is it? It's okay. Okay. That makes life a lot easier. Okay, cool. This I Wow... their statue. Their statue. Whoo. Wow. These guys are going to bombs yet. That's way too f******* happy to me. Really. 1 stat... Okay, so you work on that. I'll get like I'm gonna work do two sets over here. Okay, then we'll switch This is more lower lat. Okay, that's all up here. Oh here. Three to six sets a lot I'll do two sets of rows here if I start feeling that scapula It started a little bit, but I think it was from this nothing that Okay it That room as she was all last. You gotta be down here though, up here not so much down here. And right there, all that. I have a feeling this'll be a lot of lats too. But I know I have to not film roll out my back. Just doing that. It's not gonna tighten up. I'll do one more light set of that. And then we're done. That's nine sets of back. Six sets of shots. I'm gonna move on to shoulders. Do some lateral waves. This probably three. Actually, no way. I want to do the rear delts for a stand. Three sets of rear delts. See sets of middle delts. And there's at least one by set of at least one try. So Michelle and try. Or on the fly. You're fried. Yeah, I hit, well I hit just or back on Thursday. So I'm like kind of sore. After a bit, I was gonna move on to that rear delt machine. Sound good. Yeah, that was the one thing I haven't been on hit yet. This week was a rear delt. Yeah. Yeah. You're gonna move on to the side. Drop on your head. I'm gonna move on to the side. I'm gonna move on to the side. Yeah. Drop on your head. Yeah. Drop on your head. Yeah. So if I stood up there. It made it a little exercise. If I was sitting down, it's not lad at all. It was just my trap and the little scapula. Sorry, fucking, it's getting inflamed. The hard shit's over. Now it's a fun shit. That was the fun stuff. So six sets, six sets, six sets, last. And then I did three sets of rows. They were really just last. That's for a long arms. This is for short arms. This is for short people. Hi. Okay. This is way too hard. Way wise or what? It's really hard. It shouldn't be this hard. Give it a shot. Let's see what we got going here. I didn't feel any riddles. I said, all the trap. It's like a weird resistance point. It's like right, right, right heavy. It's a bucket. And then back to really light again. Yeah, I'm not feeling this one. Let's go use one and a well as using. Yeah, I'm with that. So we've tried the same for not a machine twice and it sucked in both directions. Now we're all in two on for notas. I'll tell you that. Well, those are good. Not a good, that one. That one over there was good to stop. But you have the penatus. I don't know how they could fuck this up. This is pretty straightforward. This is phenomenal. We're going to be a real leader. We're going to be a real leader. We're going to be a real leader. I think that's better than that. What's this called? Real leader. Real something? Yeah, real leader. We're at sun bang sun bang! All you need to do to you, sun! Tortujury, sun! I'll try to cover it on. I guarantee you take it! Let it be Rashiar. Imma fall now. You Oh, no, no, no, no. And this shenan was eyeballing for next. That dude just walked up to it. Say, well, no. So, lateral machine. That's my favorite one of those three, but he just took it. So, he got- I mean, we could theoretically work in with him. We could, but then that's creepy. When there's two ones available, they're the best. They're the best. They're the best. They're the best. They're the best. So, we could be a radically working with him. We could, but then that's creepy. That's the one that's available into him. He didn't like kick that one. He was like, well, let's just embrace it, you know? And this went with one. It's embraced. I like, hey bro, hey bro, we really like your delts. We work with you bro, and then just like, you make it progressively. Yeah, it's making us awkward as we can. Like, I like your brave. So, I'm talking to you. I like your brave. It's like, can I work in delph with you? Yeah. So, a lot of M&M and I'm gonna hear. Oh. There's a lot of M&M in here. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Being from Detroit, it's hard for me to accept that people actually know who he is. Is that M&M from Detroit? M&M's from Detroit. But from Warren. Is that really from Detroit? If you watch eight miles, he lives on the north side of eight mile. Like kid rocks from a swimming height. He's not from Detroit. I see peas from Roya Lowe. They're not from Detroit. Everybody says they're, I see him from Detroit. I'm from West Bloomfield. How many since you got left? I'm just a second. I'm a second. Yeah, please. Thank you. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. So, he's so we can work in with him. Yeah. He's done. Yeah. We've got a lot of people. Yeah. He's done. Yeah. We've got a lot of people. Yeah. He's done. Yeah. We've got a lot of people. Yeah. He's done. Yeah. We've got a lot of people. He's super setting anyway. All right. Thank you. Nice meeting you too, Rich. Thanks. James. I'll still be here. I got a good trip. Okay. I got a good trip. After doubts. I got a good trip. All right. I have to say I want to go fucking do up to this shit. Yeah, go ahead. Instagram or anything, bro? Yeah. Todd Lee M.D. T.O.D. That's me. Yep. Good. Good. Good luck. Thank you. I'm glad I ate that meal first. I was angry as fuck. Remember how it was yelling about the conversations I yelled about yesterday on the car right over here. And then you fell asleep. Yeah. You fell asleep. Thank you. I got it. I was on my full conversation with you. I look over here like. I was like, okay. What? I got it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Do you think that's every four days isn't enough because they never stay so are so I'm going to get out of here. I'm going to bring it down to 65. That's where he had it. Yeah. That's pretty loaded in the structure position. I didn't have that strong. I just didn't have that strong. I'm going to bring it down to 65. That's where he had it. Yeah. That's pretty. That's pretty. That's pretty. That's pretty. Yeah. That's a little more of my style. See, when you're a daddy, your shoulders just aren't as big. So you don't have any strength in them. I got to get back on. I got to get back on a deep all. Hand is raw and give me another really shitty steroid. A shitty one? Yeah. A little tough. Yeah. Halo. All day. All day orals. Actually, 20 story. I did my show. I did like 50 milligrams of Halo in a single day. Uh-huh. Holy fuck. I was ready to assault somebody. I wanted to scare the other people backstage. So I snorted a line of Halo. I broke up the capsule and snorted it a whole line of it. And then my post switching was death metal. They were terrified. It's all psychological. I'm not as hardcore as him. That's all I'm like. I'm not. I'm just not that hardcore. I'm just not that hardcore. I'm just not that hardcore. Look at your face. And you know me well enough to know I'm not joking. I know that. I'm like, Finn you're going. Yeah, actually did that. I've only snorted one thing ever in my life. And it was a line of C4. And I was like fucking 15 years old. And I was told that it would hit you faster. I did it. I proceeded to like cry. Not like out of fear. But just out of fear. I just had to figure out the fucking burn so bad. And then I decided I didn't like putting things on. I'm just going to strain it. I'm out. Oh yeah, you're right. Yeah, there we go. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So the moral of the story is I can do as much vertical shit as I want. One set of rowing. And this levator's scapula or whatever the fucking is. Clues down. And it's going to affect my real-life spread on stage. I know what. So no rose for you right now is what I'm here. Yeah. This is my easy day. Then arms and legs would be the hard day. See, for me, my thing is it's been, I don't know, probably almost a year since I've had like a legitimate body building workout like this because I've been training but for going beyond it. I've been half-assing the fuck. I mean, that's why I mean, you can tell I've been half-ass in the fuck out of things for a while now. And doing to what I did today may be go shit, I missed this. All right. So literally I just made it my Dutch test. They did everything red. As soon as I get like the okay of like, hey, you can get back on. I'm going to be hitting on my boys and tell them, hey, we're hitting some like bodybuilder ass fucking training days moving forward because I'm tired of being a little bit, man. Oh, no. Come on now, you're a lot more. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. I get forget that part. I was like that felt too like, slum, me, but that makes more sense. And if I keep my head up and shut up, I get more middle though as long as I internally rotate that humorous. Yeah, I see what you mean, yep. I felt that. There you go. What's your rep scheme? Oh, 12 to 20. Okay, good. Give them here. Right now you're rotating outward. You're actually rotating. Next time when you call it Breaker into your belt, which is how I would have hurt my, my, my rotator cuff. That would probably be why I oftentimes feel like shit after this. Yeah. They, that was more of a fatigue thing for me though, because that was my like dead rep there. Come up. Make sure to take all the slack out of this side with this side. Yeah. There we go. I got to drop the weight. I'm a little pussy today. This way this. Trash stop. There you go. I'm going to try to scrape the floor with my fist and how to the side. Oh, yeah. I'm then controlled and negative too. Fight the negative on the way down. There we go. Make it hurt. Just as much on the way down in the heart. Jump. Head up. Trash stop. There we go. There we go. Come on. Trash stop, head up. That's nine. Give me two more. I got two more. I got this. I got this. That's all you. I didn't do shit. This goes. There we go. There we go. Come on, let's get on. There we go. Here we go. One more. Jump. Um. Let's go. Let's go. Come on. Come on. Squeeze. Squeeze. Get it. There you go. That's right. Come on. Come on now. Come on. You got more than one. You got more than one. Let's go. Squeeze. Again. That's all trapped. When you start going like this a little bit, immediately you can see your trap there. Go on that. Now I want to try some of these vise of tricep machines. I want to try this. I want to try that. I want to try the tomato. Try and sub-dip. Yeah, let's do it that way. Let's do tricep vise of tricep vise of. I'm going to watch you and provide commentary on this one. Simply because I've done biceps and triceps three days in a row. All right. So my arms are like dead right now. I'm like, all right. By doing it again, they're going to fall off the bone. I don't know how to use this machine for shit. All right. First, I'm going to lighten it. Second, I'm going to move the seatboard. I'm going to hang on myself. I'm going to throw this door. That's your little, all of a motherfucking. Now it's all happening. I'm going to throw this door. I'm going to lighten it. I'm going to lighten it. I don't like it. I don't like it. I don't like it. I don't like it. I don't like it. I don't like it. I don't like it. It's still not much of a stretch. It's not touching the stretch, it's not showing. I don't like it. I don't like it. I don't like it. Is that any stretch at all on me? All right. All right. All right, cool. All right. All right. It's not worth shooting my lot on by subs today. When I could be at the muscle factory training arms tomorrow. Because that felt like shit. This is nothing fancy. How the fuck is who does this? Oh. What kind of fucking asshole berries are placed like this? Maybe I'm retired and maybe this will work just fine. Hold on. Well, that's good for my joints. All right. That's really very. This is not as good as the one in a umber. That feels better. That feels better. That felt really good. This machine smoothers in the hammers strength, but not as smooth as the one in a umber. Of course, when you're using this at a weight, there's not a whole lot. And you go around. What the fuck is this? Have a fuck to use this. Oh, that's weird. Of course it's like that. All right. That feels good. It's an actual arm machine that doesn't hurt. I need to have longer arms use it, but I don't think it's supposed to get in my hands. That was great. Well, looks like I'll be doing biceps at muscle factory tomorrow, because I can easily squeeze six sets of triceps in right now. There's so many fucking fun pieces of equipment. I could literally move here and spend months just training at this gym. I wanted to move to Dallas for absolute recarmp. But fuck, I could do it if I could train with Hunter or Terrence for a few months. I would move to Houston, train with Josiah here, and be his workout partner. I don't know how I could nap coyote from our key for months on end. I know he'd come with me to Dubai, because that sounds like a lot of fun. Dubai would be fun if shit. I would be like, yeah, I would be proud. Yeah, yeah I would be proud. So it's true, true, true, true, true, true, true. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What do you want me to do? All right, I will definitely jump now, Now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now. All right, this is the right way. I'm going to do two working sets here at this way. Then I'm going to wrap up with a few sets here. Now, now, now, now, now. Well, just the final game. Now, now, now, now. Now, now. Now, now, now. Now, now, now. Now, now, now. Now, now, now. We're going to have to wait. I'm going to have to think a full rest period just to do this. I thought I could do it as a superset. It's a squeeze out of a few reps, but I'm going to even get five. A lot of people would be like, oh, it's so irresponsible of you to do some arms when arms are tomorrow, but I don't know if I'm ever going to get a chance to try a panata dip machine, or whatever the fuck this is, a panata monolith alternate arm extension. Like, this very, very, very few bicep machines give you a stretch. Very, very, very, very few. Try some machines. Don't hurt my elbow. So, it's important for me to find machines that don't hurt me. Like, very few roll machines hit your last. So, I found amazing lap pull down for a panata, two panata machines that are amazing lap pull down. And I found a way to make two panata machines that were rows hit my lap. So, this was an amazing lap workout today. The chess workout, it was a not-alisten client press, which I've used before. And we had a jury rig, the not-alist pack deck. You know, the Chastee equipment, something fancy. Humble is not much better chance than put more. So, as long as you as I'm going to do it back off set for my final set, a lot of people figure out what I'm figuring out. I'm probably too tired to really get a good arm workout. So, even though I'm throwing six sets at this, six sets today, wouldn't be as effective as six sets tomorrow, fresh. But, if I don't give an effective arm, try to work out, then that try to, try to, won't be sore tomorrow, and there's no reason I can't just do it again tomorrow. And if I over-trained my triceps, that's okay, because I'm not hitting them again until Friday. You see what I'm saying? The best. Oh my God, look at that full contraction I just got. Holy hell. I'd be even better if the nogha-hide wasn't ripped, so I didn't have rancid infected tissue. Being carved into my skin, so I can get so you like this. With your eyebrow, cufflacks, and a McMaster. Look at that. There's almost rubber. I barely feel what's happening with them. I think it's time to call it a quid. Like, I can feel a pump physically, but I can't internally feel a pump. I couldn't when I got off the atmosphere. This is making me lose my pump and I know that I'm going to sound like a pussy, but this plastic that's ripped, this is gonna cost cellulitis. That's an infection under the skin. If it's with staff of caucus areas, which is a flashy bacteria, you can get necrotizing fasciitis, and you'll lose a part of your arm. Probably should urinate, do abs, and instead of having a protein shakes, it's already had four of my six waters for the day. I probably should just eat a solid food meal, and then get on the road for the other Airbnb. Everyone thinks I'm silly for black towels, but then when you have paint all over you, and you get out of a shower, and you wipe off in a hotel towel, they charge you $250 for every towel you fuck up. So if you only have black towels, then when you take your towels with you, you don't have to worry about what towels you take. Black towels don't cost more money. We're got our Alaiiindea. Seriously, it's so hard for people to understand how exciting this is for me. Imagine if you were a Leonardo da Vinci and you went through a time portal and you met Nicola Tasselah and then Ada's brain and got to know everything he knew and you had a backstest to electricity. That's how I feel like getting into a real gym like this. To where I can actually use equipment that was made by smart people rather than equipment made by fucking more on. Like we've been stuck with the hammer strength bullshit for 30 fucking years while the rest of the civilized world has panata and then his brand has never even heard of like Bolt Terence's new line that's fucking awesome and then this not-a-list stuff has been around for the 1970s. For some reason Michigan doesn't have not-a-list equipment. Michigan is like the armpit of planet Earth and I don't know why I'm there. I feel like I should put it a little bit before we get in the car for a while. It's funny how like my third set was what? My second set was like three reps. My third set was like one and if I waited two more minutes would it have gotten me any more reps and else. I got a little overzealous with the back thing. Honestly it's not that tight. My lats are completely loosened up right now. I'm feeling a little bit of my lower back where my glute is attached but that could be where the so-es attaches it anteriorly to the issue. Look at that though. Look at that mural. It's so much better than looking at another picture of Jay-Kartler. You know what I mean? Like every gym is the same played out 2009 footstime. Not that that's not a great picture but that's unique. If I had a gym I wouldn't want to be up. Jay-Kartler's nuts. I would want my own gym with my own identity. That is like the coolest fucking thing. Which funny is species also so they're the mecca of the south. Do you know what? I don't know if they know what mecca means. I wouldn't call my place mecca. I would call it capital. I would call it bodybuilding capital of wherever the fuck I want. Because mecca does not mean capital. It means the place of pilgrimage. It's with a singing black rock. I think I've got some pain right here. A little bit of elevator scapula. I'm going to try to do this this way. This trick is to alleviate not annihilate. Now this ain't happening. Oh there we go. Do you know what's so funny? I forgot Amanda's a massage therapist. She could have worked on this. God that was so stupid of me. That's what she fucking does for a living. She's a massage therapist. Fuck I'm retarded. Well I feel like I put an effective work day in I think I should probably eat meal three here before we get on the road. So we're done here house games in front of the coolest mural that ever existed. Awesome equipment. Every gym we go to a more impressed than the previous gym with how amazing the equipment is. The only gym that comes anywhere close to this is Umbra and Michigan and that's just just and legs. But every one of these gyms has like every panadopiece of equipment. It's so amazing.

You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. We're on our way to La Brada to train with Terrence and Hunter, which I was really surprised. I told two of my patients about it and they didn't know who that is. It's like Terrence is competing for Mr. Olympia and it's gotten the second before. Hunter's gotten forth in an open and they're like, wow, that's me. And it's like, I have the wrong audience. I have an audience that wants a doctor. Not a bodybuilder. It's me Chiu. This is my camera guy, Kai. Are you okay? Do you have a problem with filming? No, no. All right, cool. What are you training today? I'm doing a lot of fun today. Okay. All right, buddy. All right, sweet. So today we're training by ourselves. So we're just going to hit whatever. We got some so many sweet new pieces of equipment I've never used before. I guess I should look around and see what's here. So this looks like a cool piece of back equipment. There's so many cool pieces of back equipment. It's up on here. There we got a lateral machine. Guys, like the best back coming in the world is here. Like everything is amazing. No, just a thought. What you say. No, just a thought. What about you? What about you? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. To us, to you, to you. I don't want to do you lateral. I don't want to take every machine I can for a spin. So logically, we can't do too much. We're going to try everything, right? So that's one, two, that. This is a row. This is a row. This is a row. So if I did two sets with this, this, this, this, this. That's already 10 sets. There's a lot of rows. There's only two lat things. So I might want to do more sets with the lats. I think logically, we're better off just doing one work set on everything, because there's six different row machines. But that'll definitely underrepresent the lats. So we're going to do another set on this lats. That was good. It's up, right? I enjoyed. What are you going to show me tomorrow? I'm off tomorrow and there's the... Oh, okay. Yeah, take three days off. I'll take the full back set and the game. Right. That makes sense. All right, cool. So we're the top of the world. So we're the top of the world. We're the one going to show you tomorrow. So we're the top of the world. So we're the top of the world. We're the top of the world. We're the one going to show you tomorrow. So we're the top of the world. This is the one going to show you tomorrow. This is the one going to show you tomorrow. So we're the top of the world. This is the one going to show you tomorrow. This is the one going to show you tomorrow. Okay. Fuck. I'm sorry, Mark. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Mark. I'm sorry, Mark. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. This is really good. No shake off Avaway. No shake off Avaway. No shake off Avaway. hope I see this y'all really good. That was really good set though. What a thrill you got just appreciate that. That was very heavy in the stretch and a lot of light room in the contraction. I think I needed to read this to see it up on, but first I'm going to try the upper grips. So far I really like that first one for the lads. That bolt was a little bit more confusing to really fire it right. That was great. You should do that underhanded press. Because I was watching your video last night about it. You're doing two sets of chasters, that try is not watching it from that angle. She just had surgery at 12 months ago. You got it. What I'm sure did. I simply think that it is surprisingly hits good, but he's right this is the best one. This is phenomenal. I want to train here every day. I want to hit everything, the lateral machine is good. The pack deck, the reverse pack deck, the chest presses. I'm afraid like I only have one day. I don't know if I'm going to give it accurate, or even have some of those machines. If I keep trying. I want to get a good stretch on that reverse. I'm at pack pack. Yeah, probably that should do it. Thanks for the help. Five is partially biased towards stretch position, right? Yeah, yeah. Perfect. Thanks, man. Thanks to. I've just never really used a lot of their stuff. It's the one of the best dribbler of ever training. I'm like, lots of gyms and taxes. I had this quality. And now I'm going to use the new one. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. It's extremely heavy. I think it would be because you were using it. Let's try the chassis first. I'll try it sometime in a minute. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. There's that at Lannis. I've used a prime before destination Dallas. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. Wow. It's a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've never used it. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. It is the best that I've ever used. However, I still have to use it one hour at a time. I'm not getting a middle-doubt involvement if I do bilaterally. This is really good middle-doubt pump. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I drove 14 hours from Miami pretty much. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff.

You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. So we're going to go hit push, which I don't know how to do it. Push workout but it's going to be chest and delts and muscle factory. I've preselected what I'm going to do and luckily these machines are like right next to each other. So I don't have to leave more than like an eight square foot area. I'm gonna do some cardio too though I want to practice or do the dead bugs that John showed me yesterday. Yeah, that you can do a little bit of cardio and some posing Drink in my finished fury All right Okay, see you How you doing So it's like I don't have a fever people, but for some reason I can feel dogs feelings So when they bark it just drives me nuts because I'm getting All the anxiety that they feel which is a lot more than I have ever felt dogs are such anxious animals I And I never do anything, don't fail us now! Yeah! All right, I'm gonna try to make a second wall. All the forces inside you, all the time you're dead, all the time you're out of your hands. All the time you're dead, all the time you're dead, all the time you're dead. All right, I'm gonna try to make a second wall. All the time you're dead, all the times you're dead, all the time you're dead, all the time you're dead, all the time you're dead, Ain't I got any trashcane I'm gonna lose my shoes since I still got a mноetrap Watch out for the arcs! It's a warfish! at least once, but I'm not 16. Scum? You should film this game before you hurt yourself. It's mine. I think that pumps pretty good for having only a clahilever water and one wheel. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I wasn't sure I was going to like this or if I would use the Prime instead. But I liked this so much. I don't feel like trying the Prime out. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I'm pretty sped with the chest. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea.

Worry! You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. What I would do differently if I was 18 and I won be the best bodybuilder alive. This is kind of a confusing thing because in theory you've completed puberty by this point by 18. But your growth plates haven't fully fused. So this isn't the right time per se to start antibiotics. But what I wouldn't want to do is reduce my estrogen dramatically so that my growth plates don't fuse too early and I could be taller. And I would want my sons to use anti-astrogens of some sort as early as possible and I'd want to monitor their estrogen level keep it low so that their growth plates don't fuse prematurely and they get as tall as they can get. Once the growth plates have fused, what I would do next is I would freeze my sperm so that I can get women pregnant later in life. Then whether I'm 2016, 21, when one of those good-if-place fused, ideally the more, you know, lower your keep your estrogen the less likely you aren't having growth plates fused. That's when you would start. And if you're testosterone in thousands you don't have to do anything. If your GH levels high in your IGF ones, 6,700 you don't have to do anything. You could just start eating appropriately and training appropriately. Probably you've been eating and training appropriately since you were 12 because that's what I did. At the time, a starting program, 3 sets of 10, total body 3 times a week. Eventually you might convert to upper lower upper lower, upper lower off, upper lower off. Then eventually upper lower upper lower upper lower off. The training I'm doing right now is clearly the best training I've ever done. There's no question. I shouldn't be growing at 46 years old. Then calories, you know, I would do the diet the same way I do diet double my body weight. And that would be protein maximum 150% of my body weight. We protein the average and I would have the minimum amount of fat to digest my food and to make it palatable. And then I'd rely on carbohydrates for my other calories. And I would run in a slight calorie surplus. Maybe a hundred or so above calorie normality. Yeah, make sure I'm sleeping enough. I of course wouldn't do nicotine, caffeine, alcohol or any other drugs. I probably wouldn't waste my time with relationships. But if girls were literally throwing themselves at me, I would give them at the time of day. But unless they were like coming onto me or flirting with me, I would just ignore them. Because they're not going to make your life better. They're just going to make your life harder. But assuming you have a sex drive and they're making it really easy, then I could see entertaining it. But I would definitely not pursue it. It's just not worth your time. If I want to be the best bodybuilder alive, I would be focused on building my social media presence. And I would go through whatever personal trainer certification is necessary so that I can actually make money at the gym. Because I would want to be at the gym. If you're a bodybuilder, being a personal trainer is a very reasonable job. You get there at a certain time of day. You do your Fastic Cardio. You have your first meal. You train housewives from eight in the morning till about 11 in the morning. You have your second meal. Then you train between like one and three. Then you might train a kid after you get out of school. This is parents are paying you from three to four. And then you have business people. If they get out of work, you have a meal at five. Then you train people when they get out of work from six until nine. And then you have another meal. Then you go home and you go to sleep. That's simple. That would be your to work day. Would I waste my time with college? Not anymore. Now when there's Jay 3 University in my YouTube channel, then there's really nothing you can get from a college. You can't get from YouTube if you go with smart people. I would basically keep doing that, building up the social media presence. And that would build up probably an online demand for online clients. I would run an online coaching business to supplement the in-person training. At this point, I would probably compete in teenage division shows. Remember, at this point, I'm still natural. I don't need it. Often when I ever got to the point where I was not making progress, then that's when I'd want to start entertaining the possibility of using animal extorrucks. Now, I would start with testosterone and I would try to trade at my testosterone as I detain in the year first cycle video. Number one video in the most important ship playlist. I would try to trade up to maybe an estrogen level. Remember, my growth plates are fused at this point. I would try to trade up the estrogen to the point where I had nipple tenderness. Am all. And then I would roll back to a level that I wasn't tender. So let's say I was running 40 tests a day. And my nipple starting getting tender. I would roll back to 30 tests a day. I would probably take 20 milligrams of tumox if I'd twice a day for three to five days until the nipple soreness goes away. And then I'd be like, okay, I've hit my upper limit 30 milligrams to testosterone a day. Now I would basically reevaluate my IGF1. If my IGF1 was higher than it was, naturally, great. If it was the same if I'm at 600 no matter what I do with my estrogen, I don't need estrogen. I don't need GH. That's just because I'm so young my body makes enough GH. I don't need it yet. More will help. So then I would probably turn to something that was a very effective and a model. I would probably start with DHB because it's the most effective for the least amount of milligrams with the least amount of side effects. Liver, notwithstanding. So I would probably run maybe 10 milligrams of DHB for a month. Get my IGT tested. If the IGT was the same as it was before, I would go up to 20 milligrams of DHB. After a month I would get a tested. If my liver is good, I would go up to 30. If it isn't, if it started to go up, I'll say it went from 17 to 30. That's fine. I'm still in a normal range. That's the limit on my DHB once. My DHB takes me to 41. It's too much. If I'm at 39, I'm good. That's where I'm going to stop with the DHB is once you get to 39. So that's Stage 1. Stage 2. I would probably start with 10 milligrams of trend and math aid. It's got to be an athlete a day. This would be six milligrams of trend. This would be an effective dose as an anti-cortibs all. And it would be effective for upregulating IGF1 conversion. And it would also be useful for the other pathways. The Nangenomic Muscle Building Pathways that trend does without it having any of the neurological side effects of 10 milligrams of trend. I know these are theoretical. But remember, we're talking about a young person. This never done gear before. The heart E using 30 milligrams of test, 10 to 20 milligrams of DHB may be more. If you can handle it, and 10 milligrams of trend in the half-hitted day. I'm using three different drugs. Yes, they're very low doses. But if you told someone, a timely game people advised that when their 18, they should use test, trend in DHB is their first cycle. That's not what I'm saying. What I'm saying is I would run my test last. First of all, it's over 18. It's whenever your growth plates fuse and even though you use data estrogens to prevent your growth plates from fusing, that's when you would resort to using anything if you're not growing. If you're already maxed out your genetic potential, then I would run testosterone up to the point where estrogen is a problem. Then I would roll back to when estrogen is not a problem. Clear up any guy who I created with amongst them. Then it would turn a DHB. Run that up to the point where the liver is a really young amount of second cycle already. I just never stop the first one. Then I would run my DHB up to the point in which my liver started taking damage. And when it was out of the green and into the yellow, then I'd roll back to when the liver is in the green. Then I would turn a trend and use the minimum effective dose, which is five milligrams of trend base a day. So if it's 60% pure, trend in air state, then 10 milligrams of trend is six milligrams of trend, the molecule, which is a great number, I would run that. Then I should be growing just fine. If I wasn't growing and it wasn't affecting my sleep and it wasn't affecting my appetite, I would introduce a little more trend. Maybe go to 15 milligrams of trend on an a-fitted day. I would not run more than that long term in someone who's still having a forming brain. Your brain forms until you're 28. All right. So that being said, what's the next step? The next step I would introduce is if I maxed out my test, I maxed out my DHB, I run. You're the maximum safe dose of trend that I would start using master on if it was available. And I would run as much master on as it took as it doesn't fucking matter. Nothing's going to happen. Master on is safe as shit. You could run master on 10 milligrams a day. You probably could run a master on 100 milligrams a day and nothing's going to happen. Your cholesterol, your HDL will go down, your apobie might go up a little bit. This example is of a 20 or 22 year old kid. There is no reason you have to worry about cholesterol in some of that young. It doesn't matter. It just doesn't. There's no inflammation, there's no high blood pressure. So even if the cholesterol is bad, there's not going to be after scrocers, not in your 20s. It just doesn't happen. People are like, well, I know of junior ninjas shut the fuck up. It's not going to happen. That for master on this time. Now, pre workout. Okay, we're ready running. We're ready running 30 tests a day, 10 to 20 DHB, 10 to 15 trend and a half a day, 10 to 100 master on a day. If you're still not growing, then I could see taking an of our pre workout, 25 milligrams. Now, that's a big jump. You know, the lower limit we're dealing with 30 plus 10 plus 10 plus 10, that's 60 a day, that's 400 a week. And we're only like two, three months into the cycle. The first, it's on a cycle. It's a lifestyle. You're a bodybuilder. There is no cycling. You just keep adding shit until there's a problem. Then you pull out the shit that caused the problem. And if you're tracking yourself as you go, you know exactly when the problem happens. You know exactly what you did to cause the problem. So you take it away. You ain't got a problem. So then, if you, on the low end, we're using 60 a day on the high end, you're running 75 plus 90, 165 a day. So that's already up to a gram in one case, right? So we're running between 400 to 1000 milligrams a week at this point. Then the next drug you add in an of our 25 milligrams per training, that would be five, six days a week. That's 150 a week, right? So we're already up to 550 to 1150 a week. 30 milligrams a test, 10 milligrams to 20 milligrams of DHB, 10 to 15 milligrams of trimethate, anywhere from 10 to 100 master on, then probably adding in 25 an of our pre-training. This is still super safe levels of super safe drugs because you're using so little of them. And master on, you're like, that's not a little of an a master on. You're right, master on that fucking safe. It's amazing. Now, your cholesterol is probably going to be pretty bad at this point. It's me high single digits, maybe low double digits, but if your apo b's fine, doesn't matter. Then what would you do next? You've already got test. You've got the DHB, which is your EQ class. You've got trend, which is your natural class. You've got master on, it's a five-alpha reduced smash. Smack yourself if you call it DHT class. And then you've got an of our, which is an oral. It's technically in the same. It's almost identical to the master, and it just works differently, because it's an oral. These are great drugs. We're going to get increased collagen synthesis of two plus from the test. We're going to increase collagen synthesis from one plus from the an of our. We're going to have DHB's just purely anabolic, and it's a fucking three-time stronger than test. Trend is extremely anabolic, it's like five-time stronger than test. And it increases IGF1 conversion, and it also has an adjuineal make muscle building capabilities. The problem of this is of herch collagen synthesis, but these two increased collagen synthesis. This one right here, this little piggy, the master on, is like DHB. It's just not as strong, but it doesn't fuck with your liver. It's just a safer version of DHB. And then the an of our has all these other special properties, and it's super fucking safe. So little things that are supposedly the an of our and the trend or anti-cort is all. You're going to be taking your foot off the brakes as you hit the gas, with those two. The test is going to have you have water attention through all dust-grown, and the estrogen-up regulation, versus GH and IGF1, which is compounded with the trend. This works great. These five things, almost you got your infinity goblet. GH would be the soulstone, which you don't need yet is your young. Now let's see you're one of those people's like, well, there's no drawback to using more GH. All right, so if you add into units of GH at bedtime, it's going to shut off what your body's naturally making. So when you're that young, you might have to use four or six units to get the same effective what your body naturally makes. It's just not going to be financially worth it at that point. So I really wouldn't even dig around with it, but if for whatever reason, you start using six units. IGF1 goes up from 500 to 600. That isn't necessarily a good thing either. It could cause your bones or your hands or your feet to grow faster. This isn't necessarily a good thing to have super-hyg間 of IGF1 levels. The sweet spots probably somewhere between 300 and 500. Where exactly that is? I don't know. Remember, you're only 22. You do have 30 years worth of competing ahead of you if you do it right, at least, at least. So you don't need to rush into anything. If you rush and you grow your waist, you're done. If you rush and you lose your hair, you're fucking done. You can get gyno surgery cut out. But if you fuck up your face, you fuck up your hair, you fuck up your waist, your career is a bodybuilder, is fucking over. Don't rush it. Do a classic physique for as long as you can. And then if you're ever so ugly, you can't do classic physique. Then you're stuck doing by open bodybuilding. But don't switch unless you're too big for classic or you're too ugly for a class. So try to stay as young and healthy as possible. So you're like, well, when do I, when is the cycle limit? It doesn't need to end because you didn't abuse drugs. The only, the whole cycle thing is about a drug abuse. It's a cycle of drug abuse. That's what a cycle is. You abuse the drugs. Fuck up your organs. Have to quit. Let your organs cool off till they're, the blood works okay. Then you start the abuse over again. That some of the damage you're doing is permanent to your kidneys and to your cholesterol. Your arteries with assless grosses. Don't do that. Don't fuck up your apob. Don't fuck up your G.T. Don't fuck up your sustenance. As long as you sit in the sea is like point eight or point nine as long as your apob is under 90 as long as your G.T. T's under 40. Whatever you're doing is pretty much fucking fine. You're going to be okay. I started gear in 2008. I've never came off. My blood works better now than when I was 2008. I'm fucking healthy as shit. My blood pressure was like one, 16 over 64. I'm 46 years old. I'm healthier than any other 46 year old I've ever met. I've been using steroids at high doses for like 7 years because I'm better at it. That's it. I'm better at this than the other people. That's why I am aging at a reasonable rate and my organs are super healthy. To why look as good as I did when I was 37? No. That was nine fucking years ago. I'm going to get older because the skin's going to keep growing in my face because of the GH that doesn't mean my organs are getting older. I mean, I don't have wrinkles on my body. I don't have stretch marks. I just have some nasal labial folds because the skin folded over the past couple years when I tried to use 26 units GH. In one year of using Chase Ier and this GH protocol, I age my face like a year and a half. But between 43 and 45, I aged like five years because I went from eight units a day which I've been doing for 10 years, worked slowly up to 26 units. I didn't grow any more muscle. I was still the same weight on stage in 2024 as I was in 2021. Using more GH did not make me do anything but made my face get older because I'm not more wrinkled but I have folds of skin because the skin kept growing. So what I'm trying to say is the best body builder is the patient body builder who focuses on training and growing things like the delts, the arms, the upper chest, the lats, the quad sweep, the hamstring and the adductors. Don't fucking worry about doing train your glutes. You can bring up your calves if you want. You can train your biceps and your triceps but for the most part what gives you a good physique is middle delts, lats, quad sweep from the front, rear delts, hamstrings from the side and from the back you can't hedge, I'd shit. You have every thing you show us from the back of your chest and if you actually pose correctly you can show your chest from the back. There's no hiding ship from the back. That's why the reverse double-buy, the rear double-buy in classic or in open body building is the fucking most important post. And then of course if your waist is shit it's going to ruin every pose. It can be your waist small is party one getting your delts, your lats and your quad sweep is big as you can, is priority two three and four. And then everything else is just icing on the cake. You don't really need anything else for class. People are going to tell me I'm wrong, fuck you. No one having competing in classic but I've been paying attention. I've been paying attention to this has started. I want to do classic before there was a physique they just didn't have it. By the time it was time for me to do classic I weighed too much but now they increase the weight limit on classic so now I fit within the weight limit. So finally there's a division that's absolutely perfect for my build. Maybe I might be too old. Well guess what there's an over 45. So am I as pretty as I was when I was 37? No. But the point is had I done everything the way I'm telling you? I would be so much more successful as a body builder than what I did. I didn't start body building until I was 29. I didn't you start using gear in 1229 and I was I lost like 10 years. I lost 10 years by going to medical school or did I did by coming a doctor allow me to be so much more efficient with that 17 years that I managed to get better between 44 and 46 rather than being dead. Like a lot of guys who are younger than me. People are going to say I can't believe you're telling young kids you use trend. The devils in the dose dipshit 10 milligrams of trend is a fuck load of trend and it does the job. You don't need to use more. Now to be fair you probably want to know exactly what I'm doing because otherwise I'm a fucking hypocrite right? So right now I'm like 70 testosterone. I was able to handle 80 testosterone with no AI but I'm getting so close to show a couple weeks ago EQ is introduced so it raised the anabolic load replaced the DHB that was taken out because of the liver damage of the DHB and to bring the estrogen down. It brought the estrogen down from like an 80 to a 16 by adding in 30 milligrams of EQ a day. On an 80 test it was a 55 astrudeile by adding in 30 EQ a day. I brought that 55 down to a 16. It was 14.8. I'm sorry it was 14.8. So 14.8. So I cut it down by like 70%. By just adding 30 EQ a day. All right. So we've established now I also reduced the test a little bit because I had a 71 DHT and the 16 brought it down from an 80 test that they do a 7. The test a day. This should bring the DHT close to the 65 and it should bring the astrudeile down to like 12. All right. Then the next line. Remember I removed out the DHB to put in the EQ because my liver was taking a beating. It's the only thing on this prep that's taking a beating was my liver. My GGT was going up after that DHB experiment. Going from 10 to 30 a day was too much of a jump. I know now that I should have stayed at 10 and I would have been cruising at a 37 GGT. I had a 24 GGT I know DHB. I had a 37 GGT after a month of 10 DHB and then it went up to an 85 when I went up to a 30 after a month. Now keep in mind I did loading doses. So the whole month was spent. I didn't titrate up. I did 100 milligrams for three days to go from 100 up to a 30 study state. Then drop down to 30 because I basically landed the plane. So the correct dose for me is 10 milligrams DHB. When you mix it with trend, mixing trend and DHB is supposed to amplify the liver toxic effects of the DHB. Trend is right now at 30 milligrams a day. I'm tolerating it just fine. I sleep great. I'm nicer than now than when I was on 20 milligrams of trend. So the 30 milligrams of trend is okay. Now I know what you're going to say but what about the brain damage? I've used as much as 200 milligrams a trend a day. I'm still smart enough to fight everyone else fucking retarded and tedious to talk to. So if I lost IQ points, my quality of life would get better and I'd be nicer. I probably make more money. That my intelligence is actually too much. So if I did brain damage by taking more trend, it's not the end of the world. I have a lot of brain to damage. The next drug, it's Annavar. I'm at 25 milligrams of Annavar a day. Free training. And before fast cardio, I just introduced 25 milligrams of wind straw a day. The reason being as wind straw is supposed to really help hardening you up at the end of prep. So I'm exactly at exactly six weeks out as wind straw was added in. I've used wind straw as 12 weeks out before handle the just fine. And then sometimes I try to using wind straw and it made me sick. I'm handling wind straw just fine right now. And I'm seeing pretty good changes, cosmetically. Is it really burning more fat? Is it really building more muscle? Is it really doing anything for me? Maybe not, but it sure looks like it is. My area around my nipples is better. The area on my obliques is better. The area my glutes is better within just a few days of adding in the 25 wind straw pre-fast cardio. Now, remember, I'm doing a lot more stuff than just those Annavarlics. I'm doing my satelastic and I have a coach and my coach is Dominic Kuzo. I've tried all these things before. None of this is new except for the slowest new, but everything I've used before. But having someone who's a perfectionist and is brilliant and knows the science and has brought people in stage ready with great conditioning is a good idea. Even if you think you know or are doing two heads is better than one. Assuming the other head is your equal or superior. So, Dom's as smart as me, we work together and if I don't know something he does. And sometimes I'm blood workin' like, hey, what do you think we should do for this? Should we do A or B? And he'll be like, oh, this time I think we should do C and he'll have a good explanation. It's not like a normal coach where someone's like, just trust the process. That means they don't know what the fuck they're doing. So, even me after competing for 17 years and as arrogant as I might sound to you, I still hire someone to help me because when I've tried to do it in the past, it doesn't come out right because I'm able to get myself right up to the point of the end of the prep, but getting the last little bit of fat off and making me look good on stage is not something I've ever mastered for myself. I've helped with other people, but I don't do it well with me. And a lot of people will say, you can't be objective because you can't even see yourself. I can't see myself. I can see pictures of me. I can see video of me, but I can't lay eyes on me. I'm the only one in the world that can't look at me. So, how could I be the only person in the world who'd be optimal for preparing me for a bodybuilding show where the judges are looking at me with their bare eyes. In order to really know what someone looks like, they have to look at you. That's aside from the bias, which is scientifically proven fact from someone looks at themselves, their botist. So, if I want to be the very best bodybuilder possible, I would do everything I just told you to do, which is pretty much what I'm doing right now. I just wish I started at 30 years ago. Not 30 years ago. 25 years ago. I wish I did this 25 years ago. I wish I had a tablet of look up to and learn from 25 years ago. We didn't have that shit. We didn't. We had no good information. We had magazines with bullshit in it. Wise. Wise. Wise. And I would say 25 years ago, the best thing out there would have been Dave Palombo. And that's that Dave's wrong. A lot of his shit will still work. Dave's a great coach and knows a lot of shit. And that's where almost everyone learned their stuff was either Milo's or Dave. But science has came a long way in 25 years. And we've learned some more stuff. So, where is that stuff will still work? The Milo's protocols and the Dave protocols will still work. You know, having doing the Milo's offseason and the Dave contest prop, that's going to work. But there's easier, healthier ways to do it, especially because we have so many tools no one used to have before. We didn't have to tread and laugh a back of the day. There was no long atty in the slim back of the day. The shirt's fuck wasn't any peptides other than growth hormone. And no one really knew how to dose it. Dave and Milo's figured out how to dose everything. But now we've got tricks. Milo's came up with the normal insulin protocol. Dave made it better because of the lantus. Things like that. We had luminaries, but the internet was very slip shot in 2004. I started learning about stuff in 2008. And I remember how shitty everything was in 2008. No one knew anything in 2008. It was all bullshit. It was all witchcraft. All witchcraft. So, what I would do different is everything I told you to do. And I know that I focused it seem like a lot of steroids and that I'm going to find nutrition and training. But let's face it. No one gives a fuck about it. They want the easy stuff. If you want to know about the nutrition, check out the How to Grow episode 9 nutrition. And how to grow series. Just go to the playlist section of this channel. How to grow. There's nutrition. It's also when the most important shit playlist. How to grow nutrition is like the second or third episode on that one. Bloodwork for dummies is like the fifth episode. Hi, Purtrophy for dummies is like the sixth episode. Hydration is number two episode. Not gonna lie. The most important shit playlist on this channel is like your college course for free and how to be the best bodybuilder possible. Yeah, I've got other videos. I've got 400 other videos. But the most important videos are the most important shit playlist. Every single person who watches any of my anything should start with that. This video hopefully is a good introduction to you. Hopefully I wasn't too much of a dick. May the force be with you.



=== Rebuilt on 2025-11-16T12:21:51.606195Z ===
