You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. Greetings, Earthlings. It is I, Dr. Todd Lee. And today we have with us a special guest, that's in Jonathan, Gary. This is our memorial day special. And so we're going to talk about a lot of patriotic stuff today. So if you're a comedy bastard, don't launch this. Okay. I'm getting so funny. So buddy, tell me about you. I'll let you into the military with branches service. When you join, let's start from the top. Yeah, man. I joined when I was 20 years old. Can you hear that duck barking in the back? Oh, yeah. All right. Well, we came out of the van. I joined when I was 20 years old with the intent just to go and then kind of get educated. Right. I wanted to take advantage of some of their offerings. The military had to offer. We were going to get out of here and realize that I was physically and mentally. A little bit tougher than those around me. Right. So I wanted to go. I know airborne. I wanted to go the second airborne and then I wanted to go special operations. And so I did exactly that right. My career started off. It's just your average show or average guy. I was just one of the joint military service country and then it kind of snowballed into you. How far can I take this? You know, how far can I climb the ladder until I'm working for a fucking the president of the United States? You know, I'm doing my special detail or something like that. And ended up at the task force 160 is and that's about as far as I got until I got out of the military. And if you don't know the task force 160 is there are mostly lead special operations, aviation, elements in the military. And right, these guys fly around. Delta forest, maybe sales, step group. All of the special characters that I wrote in those guys were out of respect. I do it right. But these are the guys who carry out the mission instead. You see on TV, right. All the movies, Deeper the guys. Did that. Fixed. Airway. Not picked airway. Reloading. Here craft. In the world. And. So which branch service were you with again? I was an army. All right, army. But you weren't a ranger or Delta force. You were something to do with planes. Right. Right. So the rangers and Delta force. Rangers is a. They're tier two asset and army, right. They get a lot of rave because they're their front liners. You see them all over the news. Rangers. Rangers that right. And they're really good at what they do. But they're tier two. And then you go up another level. It's tier one special forces. Attachment Delta. Right. Those guys. You don't hear about them. You don't come over the news. They don't talk about what they do. Never hear about them in podcasts. Right. It's because they are far more superior than any element in the US force. Conventional force. On the point, right. The only. Only time you're going to hear about people who know anything more than those guys are the people who've been around the community. And there are these special mission units. They're specifically tailored to. One action, right. And they're going to be reconnancy in score. Direct action or something else like that. Well, I love those guys. Get out and go work from CIA as one man. Optic teams. Right. And they just go out and do their own thing. One man team and they go out and kick at. So it's that like John McKee or Rick McFee. Yeah. If you know who that guy is, he is a. He's a bad motherfucker. I try to pay a lot of attention because when I was a little kid. I wanted to be, but I wasn't able to get into the military because I was given riddle in. And also there is some other bullshit thing like as well. It was as been riddle in kept me out of the military. So I had to go to be a doctor. Yeah, they'll they'll they'll qualify you real small things. I thought I was going to get this qualify because I'd bad eyes. And so they do this this test. I'm sure you're aware. It's the depth perception test. And you look in this fucking little gyroscope thing. And I'm like, oh, I tell you which one stands out. And it looks like it's a little bit closer. And I'm like, I start the test and they were like, it started. I'm like, they all are good thing. I'm not telling you. And so I had like the city of depth perception on plan. I was fucking four eyes McGee. I just can see with shit. So then disqualify me. But yeah, they will. They'll defy you for just not anything. Yeah. So. And when you go when you mention that you work with Delta, you work with devgrew. Does that mean you go on the mission with them or you put them in to his landing zone and then you retrieve them later? Yeah, sometimes it depends on the mission set, right? But a lot of times the exactly what you're saying, right? We fly them in to either, you know, hot LZ and they jump off and they can doctor mission or we drop them off at a location that's. off off the mark, right? It's off the exit, but we'll say, and they'll don't go in and search do their thing and then we'll be there for the exit or we have some other aviation birds call little birds. And they're bad as fucking birds in the sky, right? There's these little tiny fucking aircraft, a little bubble with a tail and on it and Scott fucking many gun that are shoot about 1000 rounds per second. So it'll cut anything in that right? Those little birds usually will go in and they'll play a support role, right? If they call in for air fires, I might not come in there and they'll tear it up. Are those drones or those personnel, right? Yeah, they're meant to man operate, they got to. They got two pot seats and they got to a two door gunner, so that's about all the room they got left in there. So would you be the door gunner in that or would you be the pilot? Me? I wouldn't be either. I was more support in a range of like, I would set up communications, right? So there's a lot of IT stuff per say over that isn't necessarily matter, right? Because there's there's times where you have a night person have to go out and do certain things with these folks, right? There's been multiple times where I have a link up about the ATMs. And yes, that's mission stuff like that where you fly out to it and unknown zone. And you kind of just figure out what's going on in that location, right? So really depends. I never shot. I was never the guy who was, you know, John Wick or John McFeed. All right, I didn't go out there and kill the bad guys per say, but Nonetheless, when you're attached to those guys, you're supporting those guys. There mission becomes your mission, right? And whatever they need, whatever you do. So would you say, would you coordinate a QRF or would you be on the QRF or is force to retrieve people? Or the QRF? You were the QRF? Okay. Sometimes, yeah, it depends, right? I need a deploy, it depends on what your mission is. One of my deployments, we were, we called Cree, which is a quick reaction element, which is similar as QRF, right? So there's times where you are the QRF, there's times where you're not, right? And your, your whole unit is back in support of whatever's going on at that base at that time, whatever's happening in the world, right? War story short is where they're to support the main players and the main players are the special mission units that Delta Force, right? And then, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, outside of that, I'm not going to say everybody else is so far, but those guys, those guys are the important ones. Now, how does Marshack fit into all this or repers? Are they cheer one of assets? I don't know, you know what, man? There are all the time that I spit a J-Sock under the umbrella, they don't really talk about Marshack a lot. I know they got the marine radars, the raiders, and then back in the day, they were like forced recondwan. Back in the day, those guys were real, the real deal, right? They were equivalent to your modern day, they were some bad luckers. What they do now? Do you know, I can tell you, what they did, they never came up in any of our briefing. So, what they do, why they do, how they do the idea? So, they're like, even more mysterious, like the thing we talked about in the fall, and that we can't say online. What I say in their moments, they're just no, I just don't think there's a large enough place for what they do, and they don't have. They don't have the footprint to be able to, for once they compete because we're all the same team, just there wasn't as much of a need for them, or the J-Sock umbrella, and it's a really good opportunity. So, let's dive into that. Like, so if J-Sock, showing special operations command, is that correct? That's correct. It's in charge of differentiating which mission goes to who. My understanding is seals are used mostly for if you drop in the water, and then they move into land, they're doing demolitions, or they're doing he has to rest through. That's the dev group, it's actually sealed team six, that's a tier one. Where does special operations, or Delta Force, or Marsak, where are they deployed, what kind of missions have they got? See, now we're getting into it, area where I really can't talk about. Okay, okay, so we're going to have an array of the redactors. Yeah, that's the thing, this. That every word is under the impression that the Phil team dev group, right, that the basketball focus on the planet, the truth is. Delta Force is trained to do everything that they're they're trained to do, but they're just better. Okay, they're the top fucking dogs on the planet. And let me wrong, like I'd be the room with some dev group guys, and I don't get scared very easily, but those guys, look at them, and you can see, you fucking in their eyes, like they have a plan to kill you, they're just choosing not to, right, and it's like. Okay, damn, this is this is a bad motherfucker right here, and you treat them with respect, right, and that's. That's that's all right, but the truth is Delta is the best way to plan it. My other thing is you have to complete dev group and Rangers to even get into Delta School. No, that's not the case. Okay, right, you can that was, when we before I go in the military, that was my next move. I was going to go to Delta selection as support element, and I wanted to go work with those guys out there now. And from my understanding, your selection is, I won't go into it, right, it's out in. A location kind of close to where you're at, right, out in the field, and you can just kind of go out and do what you do, right, and so it's a pure gentleman's course, right, and. And the differentiating fact factors of Delta Force and seals is the seals go through their selection group. And what's great about that is as much as it sucks, you could always draw energy off the dudes to your left and you're right, right, so when you're in the shit, you're ready to quit. And then all of a sudden, uh, Todd Lee start screaming because he's got this, you know, he's digging deep and he's got this fucking boost of energy that's going to carry him through. All of a sudden that that idea of me quitting, all of a sudden changes and I start screaming with you, right, so there's like that can kind of carry you through the worst parts of that selection. That's not to say that it's not hard. It's just when you can lean to your left and your right and find some influence that you didn't have internally and makes things a little bit easier. And when you go up to Delta Force selection, you don't have anybody, right, and so they designed this selection course in a way where. You don't have to worry about not getting fed. You don't have to worry about not getting sleep deprived, right, you show up, you get fed, you get fed good, right, you get enough sleep and you show up and you do what you're supposed to do. But it's so fucking hard that they're going to push you to the point where you literally just break mentally physically spiritually and you just take a seat in your psych's fuck band. I am ready to fucking give up like I'm at my wits in, I can't go anymore and what they're looking for is a guy who can find himself at the bottom of the fucking pit. And find it with an himself to pull something out of himself that he doesn't know he has to continue the mission and move on, right, and what makes those guys so much different is you have nobody on, right, you just fucking have to put his figure it out or your fucking dead, right, so you can need to be the guy who gets stuck in the hole forever, you can be the guy who fucking figures out how to get out of it, but not everybody passes assholes. And there's a hard and selection courses, probably on the face of the fucking planet, they have pictures in there and their facility of every graduating class and you go, look and you're like, well, it was the guy who graduated in this class sometimes there's nobody, right, sometimes there's a hundred percent nutrition rate and nobody from that class makes it. So there's a picture of nothing just you see that there's nothing there. That's how tough it is, dude, it's no joke. He's gonna be what I'm doing. Yeah, it's a special, a special kind of man to go through that course and pass, right, and they're a few and far between. Well, that sounds like a big missed opportunity in my part that I'd never went to bids to see even if I could do it, just to me, like it's all about the challenge, but I know that. I don't know. Yeah, that sounds, I understand, I'm not, it sounds like I'm making light of how horrible it is. And then only a handful of humans could ever endure such suffering and have the self motivation to do it, but to me, that is the highest level of selection of a supreme being. It's like if you can make it through that stuff, then you're the top level, like you said, Tier 1, right, of the whole human race. Yeah, man, those guys are some tough dudes, but a lot of what we look for, especially operations, our guys like you, right, and you're not, you're not in the military, but you're tier 1 to your two, depending on where you're at and the body will let you be in your right, you know, get there just from waking up one day and saying, hey, I want to fucking do it, going to the gym, even consistently for the next 10 years, it just has to work like that, right, you have to have special, special gear inside you, you have to enjoy going to the dark places and being uncomfortable in the uncomfortable situation, right, and that muscle doesn't grow, just going in there fucking pussyfoot and around, or even going in there working out hard for two hours. That's not what you get it. You know what I mean? So it's the rest-pause sets and the fifth-respause set and in the third set, right, so you've hit failure, I 11 times and three sets, you know, that type of stuff that, the most people tap out way, way before they can, and even if you were body can function, you can just take 10 deep breaths, and now your body's ready to go again, but are you, but are you mentally? Yeah, you hit the nail on the head, people just don't want it, they don't want to go that place, right, your workout begins where your muscle fatiques, right, and if you want to commit to that, and it's like, you might as well not even try. Yeah, as soon as this starts burning, that's when you start counting, there's just in true, of course, for keeping a proper log book, but that's when you know, you're like, okay, now that's getting hard, the reps are getting slower, this is my first effective rep. This is my second effective rep, this is my third effective rep, this is my fourth, oh shit, it's a partial rep, I'm gonna rest for, I'm gonna take 10 deep breaths, and I'm gonna try to get four more reps, and then you get four more reps, and then you get 10 deep breaths, I'm gonna try to get three more reps, you can get three more reps, until you can't even get a single rep, what your leg cannot move it, and that's like, I call that infinite rest-pause, that is just, and that's how I would do my final set in three sets of myometreps, and I'm not gonna say it works, in fact, my numbers are going down because I'm on prep, but maybe I've done that in the offices, and when I had more calories, would be more effective. You know, I like what my Tom Platt said, he said, you push so hard to the point where your tenons are about to rip off your muscle, and then you stop, and that's what a failure looks like, and now it's like, damn, that's pretty deep, you know what I mean? Is it right? Is it wrong? I don't know, there's a hundred different ways to skin the cat, but it's the mental mindset that we're talking about that made him who he was, right? Whether that was the most effective way to build muscle or build strength, whatever it may be. He's probably the only guy in every gym that he walks into, prepared to go to that place, and that's the kind of people you can. The Tom Platt says and the Dorians are the people you look up to, or maybe the lead priests like the greatest of all times, and it's like, they're greatest of all times for genetics and for work ethic. And I think that the biggest difference Tom Platt's in Dorian is Dorian in a ton of injuries from listening to Mike Wencer, where Tom Platt's did listen to anybody, and he never had any real big injuries. Same thing with Lee Priest, he never listened to anybody, he did it all his way, and he never had any injuries. They're all intuitive. What's your opinion on Mike Metscher? I think that Arthur Jones wanted to sell notalist machines, and so he's roped in Mike Wencer and Casey Viadar to come up with the science to generate the concept of circuit trading with notalist machines. And it is logical that you could get go to failure, do rest pause, and you can accumulate a total of 30 effective reps, and you're done with that muscle until it's recovered, then you hit it again. This is logical, but the population that he's marketing with this methodology doesn't have the mental will power to do rest pause sets. So it's kind of like giving keto diets to a fat person, if they have the discipline to do a keto diet, they wouldn't be fat in the first place. Yeah, and even if you do it, it's fucking, I mean, I've tried to keto diet, I did it for like three months, and so I stopped everything came right back. No. So, did you have any injuries when you were working in the military? Yeah, I had a brain injury in 2012. I got an accident in my head on floor, and that was one of the big contributors to my low testosterone in the future. I'd find out. Well, I might even had low testosterone throughout my entire career because I was at the very, was it very beginning, but I was like, we're quarter one, first quarter at the end of first quarter going in the second quarter, crack my head, plus my head wide open, right, at a brain injury end. I had so much memory lost that I didn't even know I had a brain injury, right? Wasn't going to tell I got out of military in 2017 to somebody called me and they're like, hey, you know, we want to get you seen for your brain injury, and I'm like, we're talking. Yeah, it's got the wrong person. It was like, no, we're at off of my social security number, and they were like, yeah, what happened to you in 2012? And sure she had been had a brain injury, injury that damaged my pituitary gland. And so it's very possible that throughout the rest of my career in the military, I had low testosterone and all the problems that come along with it. In fact, I'd be one of the bad that I did. I remember this one time, and I couldn't even tell you why. I got off of work, and I was back in Garrison, right? Just to him, I ran a little job. I got off of work, and I parked my car in my parking lot before I went into my room, and it was just like the day was just too hard. Two months came too fast, and I just couldn't adjust it all now, just to my room. In my car, and I was just like, I was crying, I was so emotional, and I had no idea. Right? Like, I just couldn't take it. It was just, it was just too much coming into my brain at one point in time. And it was like, I couldn't adjust the amount of information in the day's work, and it was just like, I looked back on a noun, like, yeah, 100% in. I was told, it was just a classroom, right? 100% because I still have no feelings today, sometimes on my hormones are often like, you know, I probably was toast from the moment that actually didn't happen, and I just found a way to push through. You've read? Now, I have a two-way cherry regulates a lot more than just testosterone through LH and FSH, and regulates your growth hormone and directly to release his growth hormone. I believe it releases opium, Alano Corden, which controls a bunch of stuff, prolactin, controls cortisol, and the adrenal glands function. So you probably, depending on how badly your protrude cherry is damaged, and you didn't know you had symptoms, you can't retroactively tell me about what kind of symptoms you're dealing with. So how do the VA handle your protrude cherry dysfunction? You know, 20 and now, the VA told me that was good. So like, now, do you're healthy? You're 100% healthy, and I'm like, I've got my heart to believe, because I don't feel healthy. I said, I feel like at age, you know, 15 years overnight, and they were like, what do you mean? I'm telling you, I was like, telling you, like, that's what I'm about back her, it's all of time. I said, I feel like I'm about 15 years older than I am, but at the time, I think it was 28, and I felt like I was 40. I was just wake up, my body would be in so much pain that I would sit there and like, just try to forget about it, right? And it was just had no motivation. I would slam like three scoops of pre-workout, driving the gym, do like a warm-up set of dead looks, getting my car and go home. You said, no, wow. That is the worst feeling. I know exactly how you feel, that the only way you can drag yourself to the gym is to try to use the equivalent of legal hard drugs. Because three scoops of a high-stim free workout is like, shooting, snorting math or something. And then, if you go in there, you do one warm-up set of a deadlift, and you just have this extreme sense of doom and gloom, like, you're, I'm worthless. This is heaviest fuck. It's 135. If feels like a million pounds, why am I even trying? And you just leave. Yeah, the pre-workout never even hit. You know what I mean? It was years of that rough. Probably, I don't say like eight years of feeling like that. When the doctors were in VA, we're just like, wow, you're good. You're test-ocho of that 2018. You're solid-brough. Keep it up. Dreeching this is so fun. I can run, bro. Well, we used to always make the joke, it's like, having orange and walk it off. Do you remember playing soccer? And you get hit in the face really hard. And so, like, the coach tells you to walk it off. I like a view of a boat. Or like a breeze sign. Yeah. Like, here's a, here's a, here's a can-pre-sund and walk it off. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, uh, can-is-oh, and she like, can-is-oh, and she like, can-is-oh, and she's like, can-is-oh, and she's like, I'm too pregnant for this shit. Life's hard. Get a helmet. Next question. That was the best can-our. It was all time- I remember all the time. Yeah. And she left the mic. Like, that is the best, well, of all time. I'm too pregnant for this shit. Life's hard. Get a helmet. Next question. She, she fights a better fight than we fight, man. I lost it. So, it's-he's kid nowadays. They grew up in their district and so entitled and jolost. Yeah. No fucking- No logic experience. They're hypervalidated. Yeah, man. Everything that they feel they're entitled to, it's not about objective reality, it's about their truth. It's like, shut the fuck up and do some math. You'll learn real fast if you learn how to do math, that there is only one reality, and none of us are actually experiencing it. We're all filtering reality through our own cracked lens that every one of us has childhood and adult traumas that cause cracks in our lens. And we perceive reality like a kaleidoscope. And every one of us has no fucking clue what's going on. You know, I heard it best in a Josh Howard tin. He says, you can have real feelings based on incorrect thinking. Right. And that's the scariest thing in the world because once you realize that you're the person who's been having these real feelings based off incorrect thinking, forever and forever more, you just look at yourself like, I was such idiot. How was so stupid dude? You know? I came look back and how I was when I was younger, and I don't like the person I was. I always, I'm trying to be the best person I can be, and I want to be a person that I look back at and actually like. So, I appreciate them. And so like what did the VA didn't do shit? So what did you do about your protruding dysfunction after the VA rejected you and told you to 18 was good enough? Which it legally isn't. It's legally it's not acceptable. Yeah. So that was that was a North Carolina when they told me if it's good to go. And I was like, no way. So for a long time, probably like three years. Probably like three years. I just lived with it. No, it's like, like, this is reality, right? Like, I'm not in the military anymore. Maybe this is just what regular people feel like. Maybe this is normal lights, right? Outside of like, Climb in the mountain and trying to get to the peak top where you know, life is full of excitement and crazy stuff happening around. Maybe this is just like the rollercoaster coming down. And now I'm at a level state where it's like, this is life for me, right? And I think I'm probably about 2018, 2019. I moved to California for a job where I was working for the DOD. And I met my wife and my wife for the rest of the nurse. And she started kind of open my eyes to like, this is a normal thing. Right? And so I, I try to start doing stuff on my own. I went to like a supplement store and I try to test booster. Right? And I'm like, damn, like, I feel good. It's okay. Right now, this is what I should be feeling on a regular basis. Like, this is normal. This is what I felt like before the military. And it was like anything crazy, which is your fucking over the counter, test, osteoarthalister, right? And who knows what that actually does? You know, doesn't, I wouldn't say that it bounced the gears here. Or it falls out like it's chewed as just a fucking pill. Some stuff in it and you take it. But it depends on the brand. Like I have one that I make called Thor's Hammer. And so it stimulates the pituitary act to release the cellage and stimulates the testies to release testosterone. And it should get someone up up to about 40% increase. So in your case, you'd go from a two-eighteen to approximately a three-hundred. Which still is not acceptable. But it was significantly better, right? Right? Right? So after that, all my levels crash. It came out mildly. This has got to be the answer, bro. Like, I got low testosterone. So I went to the VA here on my cake. This is what I did. These are my feelings. These are my findings. What can we do about getting started on testosterone replacement therapy? And there were like, you and even, you and you're not even close. Like, what is tested your levels and you're at like a two, sixty-four. And unless you go below like a two-fifty, we're not even going to have that. We're not even going to get to it, right? You were two-fifty. You were two-fifty before you added the booster. So the booster proved that you're right. That you already qualified and they ignored it. Right. And the thing, this is what the VA does, right? They'll find any reason to do that coverage. Absolutely. And they even, when you do get covered, I'll go into that later. But you only do get covered. Trash, right? So I told, I told the slating, I was not in fighting with her. I should look. Put me on clomid. If my numbers don't move, then I'm good. But if my numbers do move, then be stimulating my natural production, we'll show you that either I'm low or if my numbers don't move at all, then I'm where I'm supposed to be, right? And this is normal for me, and this is normal for me. And she agreed to it. And I started taking clomid for months. And I went from 2, 264, all went up to 3. I want to say like, 360, 7, right? And I'm like, boom, got him, right? This was, this was got to be the answer, right? It's all the credit that they need. And so I came off a clomid, boom, dropped me back down like 2, 20. And they were right. Yep. The chief of endocrinology called me up. And even if I came in, you're a good candidate for testosterone or a place with therapy. And so what I like to do is I like to start. You are a higher milligrams every two weeks. It's a fuck. I don't know any, I don't know any better at this time, right? Right. I'm like, you have absolutely man, like this is, this is the golden ticket, right? So he's like, you just got to bear with me. It's going to take me like, four months to get in a proved. What the fuck? Kid you not, some like cool man, do whatever you got to do. I appreciate it. He was like, this is it. I'm, I'm approving it. I'm just need to get everything in order. And then we'll get you started. So I would off to T.R. and T.R. and come like, fuck it. I'll pay for the next four months until this guy gives me the out if two weeks later he calls me up. And I'm like, hey man, you know, I went to T.R. T.R. and it's about for your word. And I got started just until we get I'm under your care. Right? Do you got so pissed off? I'd be that, uh, and constantly out until we'll get, I would never get testosterone to a, no matter what, he would make it to, you would make it his life's mission to ensure that I never, or for a place to therapy, right? All of a as he go. All of a as he go, dude. But the how dare you got help. You didn't even contradict him. You don't even contradict him. You just use somebody, another doctor, to bridge the gap. Right. Right. In between that four months, right. So I'm like, Ain't no fuck away. Like I'm not that guy, brother. Like you're not just going to take advantage of the rights. So if I put him to clinical appeal, and I went up to the chief of staff for the hospital. And I, I printed everything out. But we'll, we'll, we'll, we'll, we'll, we'll, we'll all his money. Oh, he, he did it by email. Well, in the VA, they have to, they have to write all their notes. It is just, uh, see, at the page, I have access to that system. So I've, I've written it all lost. I'm too smart for that. And I have nothing in writing. Everything's phone calls only. Yeah. So I printed all this stuff off, right? And I'm like, look, here's all my lab results. Here's the chief for inner chronology. Here's his doctor notes. And I think it's a chief of staff. And I said, boom, I sort of owned by the way. Here's what it says now in my file. So this chief of inner chronology went back and changed his doctor notes to reflect something different. Right? Oh. He redacted us. He redacted us. This is the kind of, you see, I said, I'm a bitch. I'm not. So black ops medical. I know. Black ops medical. But she, what she did, she said, well, I agree with you that you need testosterone replacement therapy. She said that much is, is up here. And she said, let me do what I got to do. I'll get back with you. So she called me back. I went back up to the VA. And she said, I met with a chief for inner chronology. And I put the decision in his play. And he said, no, so that's what we're doing. And I said, you realize, if the chief for inner chronology, who just, essentially, I mean, what's that that the oath of doctor? Do you know harm to your patient? Right? Do you know harm? Do you know harm? I said, it's this guy who is now doing harm to me. And you gave the decision back to him, based off his ego, he took no twice. It's a loophole. He's not doing anything. So it's not, do you know harm by omission? It's do no harm at in literal sense. So that's why they're so, what, if you were wanted to be just as hard, they would, they just will not treat women with HRG because they know they don't know what they're doing. And so that, therefore, they get to observe their oath by taking no chances, by their total cowards. They're solely selfish cowards. Yeah, all they care about is protecting their license. They don't give a fuck about their patients. They don't, absolutely, Matt. So that's what started my journey in the clinics, right? And my first clinic, they started me on 150 milligrams, it's all great. I'm like, we're moving into the right direction. That much is fucking 100% up here. We're moving into right direction. The month later, they brought me in, they were like, we're going to bump you up to 200 milligrams. And I was like, we'll walk. And they were like, well, you know, it's just some, some nurse practitioner that was there. It was not a doctor, not a, you know, I'm an MBA or anybody with any real education, right? And I thought to say that she didn't know what she was doing, right? It's just, right. For me, it's a patient, that's something I care about. Like, I want to talk to somebody who wants to school for the shit that they can really talk to. Anyway, she brought me up 200 milligrams and from that point on, and I don't think I've been under 200 milligrams ever. Ever. Yeah, I'm sorry. What was the dosing protocol she gave you for this 200 milligrams? Every seven days. What the week? What the fuck? Did you get symptoms? Like, side effects? Now, did you not really mean me, also with you like, over, I've never been one of those guys to, still like the climbs and the drops, right? The peaks and drops and valleys, whatever you call them. I've always, even at once a week, like I felt from energy perspective, I've never dropped off. The only thing that I ever had problems with low-essage. I actually got them bothered me, no symptoms, no nothing. Low-essage and wrenks me. I don't know what I'm saying. So what did you say then, if you do this shot, so I'd be fedically on day one, then day seven, you were feeling the low-essage and symptoms? No, no, I think I never had low-essage in because it aromatized so much once a week, right? It's like you'd be... Right. My estrogen would usually be around like 60 to 70. And they would take a Rimmadax or an Asherson's all to combat that. Even though I don't feel like I needed it, I never needed it, so I would take that stuff. And then I would crash my estrogen like they're immediately. So I think what I'm one of those guys who is super sensitive to a Rimmadax or any sort of rummatace inhibitor, it just immediately crashes me. Probably because you're so lean. Yeah, they're like 12% right now. Yeah, the lower the body fat, the lesser rummageization occurred. Well, I thought like 80% of the rummatization came from your testosterone, then the rest of it came from like your fellow meribody fat, your brain. My understanding is 100% of it comes from testosterone, but it occurs in your bone marrow, your body fat, and your brain. Okay, that's where it actually happens. Right. That's where the testosterone gets converted into a... In women, it's when it's leaving the ovary. So I'm in the center of the ovary, it's testosterone, and then as it leaves the ovary, aromatases on the external layer of the ovary, and it gets converted into estrogen. Okay. So even this is what I really enjoy about working with you is, I've probably been through about, I don't know, like 10 doctors, right? And even at a conversation about estrogen, they can't tell you anything about it. They can say, well, there's not a lot of research on it, or, you know, what's the ratio, or how what's the protocol, right? How do you find, or how do you optimize your client's? If you don't even know how to find correct estrogen, call it test-to-act results, then that person. All right. So that's why being a body builder is more important than being a disease manager, right? Medical school teaches people to manage disease. You're not in the health care industry. You're in the disease management industry, whereas a body builder is about optaking a human and evolving it, transhumanism is about taking a human and making it better. This is what God did, and then you're like, hold my protein shake, I'm going to do it better, which is arrogant, who brass, like Icarus, you're flying so close to the sun, you're going to burn your wings. And that's why guys get hurt so bad. Great news. I am not partnered with Talon Wellness. Talon Wellness will be able to provide you your medication, so you get your consult with me. I will review the blood work you got through M&M labs, and Talon will be the HRT clinic that will get you your medication delivered to your home. So there's nothing that changes on your part. All you do the same thing, you get the consult with me. Link is in the description box, and I take care of everything. It's just that now it is now a different HRT clinic and the lab process is going to be even smoother. The prices will also be lower than they were with the previous HRT company. So this is all good for everyone. You'll love it. Click the link in the description box, set up your consult today and on with the show.