Worry! You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. Free training video pre-workout stack. So, because I want to look bigger in the videos, or at least have a full pump even though I'm depleted on a diet, I don't have to do this option, but one thing I'll do before a video that I wouldn't normally do is on top of the sublingual biagra. I'll crush up 25 milligrams of adindrome and stick it in the pocket under my tongue. With the DMSO that's in the sublingual biagra, and then I will also inject every muscle I'm training with injectable pre-workout. Whereas instead normally I do like 100 millimetre, and I know I'm measuring in milliliters because it's a multi-concentration blend. So I am in this instance using volume. I use one millimetre of the pump amino acid blend pre-workout, but normally biolaterally for the primary targets of that work out either triceps or lats. When I'm doing a video that I'm doing multiple body parts, like let's say arms, then I'll do the heads that I want to grow on both sides. Or if I was doing a upper body workout, I would do both lats, both middle-bout, both rear delts. But that's the point. I would use way more of injectable pre-workout, and I would add in an adrol. Now of course, of course, of course, I'm using my fenders fury, and I'm using one scoop of my intro battle lead in the pre-workout, and then two to three scoops, intro, because my workouts are usually based on my height, I'm basically my weight, and the length of the workout, I'm a four to five scooper, but in contest prep I cut that down to like four scoops, three to four scoops. And I usually start it in the pre-workout, because I use a 45 ounce shaker cup, so it takes me a long time to drink all the pre-workouts. So I'm usually finishing up the pre-workout while I'm already lifting, so I put some intro workout in with the pre-workout. That doesn't mean everyone should do that, because I know a lot of you guys are using little baby 24 ounce shaker cups, like bitches, you didn't watch the hydration video and go and get the 45 ounce shaker cup, like I told you two fuckers. Well, another thing I also add in for the video shoots is baking soda. I use 7 and 1.5 grams of baking soda, didn't really do shit, but 15 grams of baking soda really makes a difference. I don't think it's the bike carbonate, even though people will tell you it's elastic acid buffer, that would be assuming that it actually made it to your vein, but we're not using a Star Trek teleporter to teleport the bike carbonate into the veins, nor re-enjecting baking soda into our veins. We're putting in our stomach and the stomach of stomach acid, so all you're really doing is the bike carbonate is breaking down into CO2 gas and water, so you're just going to be burping it up. Well, the reason why the baking soda makes such a huge impact on your pump is from the sodium. So again, we're right back to restarted. Were you doing, it's expensive salt that's with bike carbonate rather than chlorine, so it will help buffer. A lot of people have very acidic drinks because they like the ad citric acid to a lot of your flavoring, so it has this taint to it, because people are little bitches and they want to have flavorful little beverages. And they don't have what it takes to put the sublingue of the MSO in their mouth and just fucking suffer. And so they will never achieve victory. Great news. I am now partnered with Talon Wellness. Talon Wellness will be able to provide you your medication, so you get your consult with me. I will review a blood work you got through M&M labs and Talon will be the HRT clinic that will get you your medication delivered to your home. So there's nothing that changes on your part. All you do the same thing. You get the consult with me. Link is in the description box and I take care of everything. It's just that now it is now a different HRT clinic and the lab process is going to be even smoother. The prices will also be lower than they were with the previous HRT company. So this is all good for everyone. You love it. Click the link in the description box to set up your consult today and on with the show.