Worry! You're watching Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. Hello, I'm Dr. Todd Lee. I'm a medical doctor, IFBB Pro Bodybuilder and Biochemist. I look like shit. The reason why I look like shit is because I just had surgery. And now this is what I'm going to do to get healthy, to get over surgery faster. When I had gyno surgery, the surgeon didn't believe me when I told her I'd heal faster than normal man. But then she was flabbergasted. She said I was like a bionic man. She couldn't believe how fast I healed. And this is what I do to heal. So first I'm going to disinfect the tops of these containers. It's not the alcohol that kills the bacteria. It's the drying of the alcohol lies. The cell walls of the bacteria. Now I'm going to explain each one I decide to do them as I do them because if I do them in advance and do them second and do them third. We will confuse you. It will confuse you. So post surgery you want to have good collagen synthesis. Good collagen synthesis. So what do we do here? We have a few different agents. We don't have all of the agents. I'm also going to bust out my trusty TB500. And then here is my PPC157. So since I have open wounds, I know exactly where it's going to get this. I won't be doing the injection on video because that is against the community guidelines. Alright, so pop off the lids. And you don't really have to disinfect them. So we'll see you too. I'm not really a germifoam. Alright, so the ones that are made, the ones to be made. So we're going to make the ones to be made first. So they have time to properly dissolve. We're dealing with five milligrams of PPC. So we are going to add in 10 or 100 IU's of back water. Not complicated, right? This is a nice round numbers. So we can do easy mental math every morning when we're exhausted. We only have to wake. So put this together against the glass. Hold it there. Release its vacuum seal. So we're going to have to plug some air into there. So that it isn't vacuum sealed so that when you go to draw up, it's not a problem. And as you can see, it's not vacuum. It's sucked at all. Alright, we're good. Next one. Also, we're going to take up some water here. I love water. Water loves me. So you can up too. Time. I know I'm wearing a goofy ass shirt. It's just for surgery. You can't have pullovers. So you have TB500, one of my favorites. Okay. We're going to talk about this a little bit. And what was the world down for this? We're talking about pain. I remember what the world even was for this video. Can I do you remember the goal for this video was? We're talking about what drugs you're going to use to bounce back. Oh, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Okay, make sense. Okay. So first, what was my normal HRT protocol? So a lot of doctors are going to want you to pull your drugs because they're going to see those drugs affect your PT, PT, and other clotting factors. Now what these mental migitans haven't figured out is, if your blood was drawn on those drugs at those doses and they get that you have good clotting times, then to change that by taking you off the drugs would then change the clotting times and make their job harder. They're just not smart. So my HRT dose, which is extremely low for me, is TESSIP at 300. This is yielding only 660 testosterone and a 37-IGF1. So I could easily be running double this and still be in a very safe zone. My estrogen is only a six-upness, which is pretty much too low, but that's because I'm running 15 EQ. This is 30-sub. Now we are going to use water label. Does EQ? It's not really Q, it's really Q, it's illegal. And then we're going to take five of the EQs, so it's 15. So that right there, 20 on the insulin syringe is 30-tastin 15 EQ. And in my body, it's only yielding 660 total test 37-DCT-6-STIL. And with my 6-UNUSG-H, a 293-IGF1, and you're like, but, how could you have a 293-IGF1 from only a 6-Uxer dial? And the answer is the amount. Right now I'm running a fair amount of amount, and this leads me to believe that the amount, the estrogenic effects of amount, isn't just bad. That the estrogenic effects of amount is, let's see, here, 15-20. Right? Five, so that was 15-5-1-2-3-4. Yep, that's right. So the amount converts to a version of estrogen that doesn't show up on tests, but if it's driving up IGF1, then it means that the only real reason to use testosterone of that point is a DGET precursor since the mentconcring provide the estrogen precursor. Now, from here, what was the question again? The original question for this video. What drugs are going to use to bounce back from surgery? From surgery. Okay, so this is the basic antibiotic amount. This is going to help prevent me from losing muscle while I'm not lifting. Now to have collagen synthesis occur. The collagen synthesis represented by the anofar, the testosterone, the GH and the GHKCU. So right here, we've got the GHKCU. I believe this is, and I might be wrong by believe this is a little bit more collagen type 2, which is also known as a last one. All right, we've got to take care of that. Then we have some anestheton, and this is, we can see B500. So we won't somaticide number 2 because that's super critical. We know that it drives up collagen type 1, and we believe it also drives up collagen type 2, but not to the same extent. The worst thing you could do is run anabolic steroids, which drives up collagen type 1, but not drive up the GH and like GHKCU, which drives up collagen type 2, because which will give us super brittle tendons, and you get stronger until they snap. All right, and then, TB500 does a whole bunch of things, the anti-inflammatory, and increased vasculation of the area. The cool thing about the TB500 is it doesn't have to be a little cool. You can shoot it any, it's just great. And last but not least, the BPs 5 song. I don't particularly like this one as much as the others, because you have to inject it directly into the tissue that's injured, and that's very painful, especially immediately pre-op, and that's when this matters the most. So I've got full load out, a lot of people are like, oh, your peptides aren't going to work, because you mix them together. If you're already doing a good move, I don't know if you can see this. There's no cloudiness, there's no protein-diene iteration. This is all serious, it's all rip-away and ready to go. It's Christine Queen, it looks amazing. It could be a diamond for accounters. That's how perfect this looks. Now, I'm not going to inject this, but if I was going to inject it, what I would do is this.