Worry! You're watching Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. What's up from scratch? Hi, I'm Dr. Todd Lee. I am an I-FU-Fro Medical Doctor and biochemist. And I'm going to go over my training split with you. So you can understand how I do what I do. So right over here, you've got Monday, isn't off day. I have therapy, massage therapy, and I play, um, function dragons on Monday. That's, that's a me day. It's also a high day. This is a high carb day to load up for the shit. That night, because it's a high day, I'll also take my red and two-sided. And I know normally I say do stuff every day in this case, because it's a high day is Monday and a high day is Friday. If I do read a two-chide to the this day, then I get more appetites of pressure for these days. I mean, this is another high day. And I'm going to get more appetites of pressure for these days. Okay. Upper, lower, upper, lower, upper, lower, lower. I did color coat this on my version. It just didn't look good on the computer. And I'm alive. All right. So, what is the top priorities? So, according to Tyler Manion, the NPC and I have baby, if I share that he wants to see me bring up my lats, my back thickness, my arms a little bit, and bring my waist out a little bit. Now, part of that was I fucked up peaking. My waist looked great on Tuesday at one 84, but by the two-chide step of stage at one 95, my waist looked like shit. So, priorities are lats, upper back, slightly arms, slightly smaller waist. That was nine months ago. My upper back has grown. My triceps have grown. My biceps and lats not really. My waist, there's nothing really wrong with my waist except for the peak. Priority one is going to be lats. So, on day one, exercise body part one is lats. Priority two is arms. So, you'd think that the next thing would be arms, right? No, day two priority one, like slot one goes to arms. Now, since my triceps grew in my biceps did it, I'm going to alternate a tricep and a bicep exercise. This is better for mechanical tension. It's not as good for a pump. So, if it was biceps, more than triceps, how do you'll bicep bicep, tricep tricep tricep tricep. But what I'm doing is triceps biceps triceps biceps. And then it repeats. Notice this has upper one, upper two, upper three. They're different exercise. And I'm going to show you the exercises. When personally I want you to be in the pattern and the split. So, why did I put lats two three times? Why did I just put lats six? Because it's three different exercises for lats. With two sets each, with a myomatch, which means that if I got 12 reps with set one, then I have to get 12 reps with set two. When I use rest paws, not cheating, not four straps to get there. So, it means I got a for example, if I'm doing a cable pull down and I got a 15 reps of set one. And then set two, I get 12 reps and I get like a partial rep for 13. I'm going to let go and stretch. And hold that stress for 10 deep breaths. And then try to get the next couple reps. And you keep doing that until you hit the target number in this case was 15. Or you can't get a single complete rep. All right. So then I have these different exercises, three different lat exercises, then one upper back moment. Then a press, then a lateral left-held lateral delts with myomatch. Notice there's no myomatch on press. And so forth and whatnot. And there's no myomatch on reps. You just let chest and my abs are my best body parts. I'm not going to put intense new metaphors on them. Okay. So, Dave's who tries to buy a, tries to buy a three sets hamstring myomatch rep. Add doctor, quad extension three sets, then caps. You'll notice there's no swad patterns. It's because I hurt many. When I went from bandit hacks, swaths, doing the rep range I like to do, which is 12 to 20. I listen to Paul Carter's advice about this four day. Eight rep range. I took the band off because I couldn't, I maxed up the machines. The hackspot machines with reverse band. So I took the band off and reduced the weight a little bit. Four eight reps was enough, man. The quad couldn't keep up. So I should never have ever followed that vice. Incredibly bad vice. Now for months I've had an injured knee. It might take a couple of years to heal. The swath one got injured by my heal coming up and couldn't about two years to heal. So for two years my legs didn't grow. My off season my legs run more than they had last five years. Took that reverse band off. This needs spot. So I'm the silver lining is with the leg extensions. I'm able to hit jaws the lateral head. So I'm able to make my legs look better, even though they're not getting bigger. That's easier to do at body part part body part. So I'm going to start with legs first because this is simplest. Not because it's the most important. So handstrings. This is, I'm, okay, this is it. What are let's do it in order? Tuesday, West Blumfield. I'm doing a lat exercise. This is a side backs. Hold on machine. I'm able to hit my lats really good because just in the saggy on plane normally tells them to one hour at a time and lean. I don't, I'm that specific machine. I feel more lats when I do both arms at the same time. That is not a rule that this is the exception. All right. The next is overhand pull ups. I hit my upper lats. That's the racket. Lats better. So this, one bar lat, this, the racket lat. This, I use the hammer strength d y row. That's the underhand one. You see, Derek Lunsford use a lot in Shonklerido. I feel my whole lat light up like a Chinese fan. All right. The upper back row is a mat day is the low to high hammer strength row. It, I hit mostly traps and red dolls before I move on to the other body parts. I'm going to priority one's backs. So I'm going to move jump ahead to the next back day. The next back day, the first exercise is straight arm. Sadgial plane cable pulled on straight arm. Not bent arm straight arm cable pulled down. And of course, watch the videos of me actually training because I know someone in the comments seems to be like, you've really nice to people to video up. German straighting load these exercises work when they're on my Instagram. They're on the training videos. This is me just explaining what I said. If you ask I really nicely maybe he'll put up in the corner of video of me doing this exercise. But from the side, it looks like no. With a cable, a chat show the rest. And that's how I, my last, a very last life. And then, shoot. It's at your double cable pull down. I like to line it up so that I'm not coming out with my album that I'd urging. And I'm not out here pulling in. It's very close. If you can't find a bar that you flew right there, take two de-handles and pull them apart as you come down. It works kind of the same way. It really good to stretch. You might have to kneel down on the floor and I use a seat. This day in particular, I actually do three sets of this and three sets of this. And then this is really three sets. And it's combined. It's a seated cable, a coaxial row. Something from, I saw from Nuttar, is your child. It's a seated cable row, but you've been all the way forward like Arnold Schwarzenger. You don't do half rep in it. But you try to stretch your lower back of your hamstrings as much as possible. The final lat workout, I'm Saturday. It's two sets of a satellite pronated semi-neutral grip pull-up. Then it's two sets of these, I use two arms and it's a row machine that hits my lats really good. It's called the matrix. It's kind of let a lot Rogers three way, but it's not. And then the last is, Dave got to dual cables. I go 12 on one side, rust, and then 12 on the other. I think you're rusting between, but I can't anchor. They don't have any handle of anchor to your knees and lean over. So I held each handle, like, you're then myself from linear. So that's the lats. So I'm hitting 16 sets of lats, 18 sets of lats, and two sets of upper back. I did color code this, you could just see blue and see green. It'd be easy to total up. But we're going to this foot here. 18 lat. Then next upper back. Six up for back. That's probably one bat. Priority two arms Friday arms. So first is try set push down. Then I use the W bar and I push a part with the high bulletine our eminence and I push a part. I don't push in. That would be more chest push a part. So I'd also look at cutting the water. But my hands, that's I do the W bar. And the next thing I do is I do the right front front for rows. It's kind of like, just your arms out of the side on this port. I mean, some machines, most of curl up the other plant of things. This is what would red bull care to add Martin. The things water figured out is if you just say, bucket to the machine and just use dumbbells to work flatter. So it's a good lay it in partial approach. Then the next try set thing I do is going to be, I do the sword pulls. One arm at a time. And then I go and then I do my biceps. I use because I'm using the three low shoot circles. I do Bayesian curls. I notice if the way my arms bend they come in like this. So I line the cable up with my forearms. I don't make the cable coming the inside of the outside. I don't try to fit the cables. I make the cables fit in it and lie in the anatomy. All right. And with some day arm day, I'm going to do triceps. I do my Vulcan triceet, which is I use the longest handles. Keep my elbows as far back as I can. And kick back. So I can work the long hit in the stretch position. I'm going to contract the position the most. Then just like how this works the long hit in the stretch position the most, this can work the long hit in the contract position the most. Then I go into the smaller handles and pull apart to work the lateral hand. And then this part of the triceet, I keep my hands together and I push down. I had to work my chest and it gets the medium head and a little bit of long head. Then I move on to biceps. I do preacher dumbbell curls. One hour is high. Of course, all this is my own matriops. So far everything I've mentioned is my own matriops. Triiceps, I then take the dumbbells and do dumbbells. So it pulls because I'm right there with dumbbells anyway. And then I go dumbbells. I call it justice curls because I learn them from Nick justice. It's alternating hand with curls until you can't do any more. And then you do it at a time when you use a little bit of swing. And the swing creates a stretch of your throat. It's not a stretch. It's a little bit of swing. Go to interior shut off. Then my fucking problem. All right. That's ours. So we have up, last was 16 upper back with six. You got triceps. 18 and then biceps. 18. All right. That's what volume so far. Plus three sets. I'm doing it inclive hammers. I'm going to use an incline. Sliced in for us. Normally I'd be closed, gripping like this. I'd be doing almost a giant press to get more triceps. And this trice upper is so I went out and I grabbed the bar and I'm doing old fashioned gitching style. Trust. Silling and quiet, self-degree incline. I'm still doing a gitching and I'm wrapping my thumbs and pulling it apart if I have. First I push it in. And it's just for it to fail. Then I'll pull it apart to have the triceps. All right. There's no myomatropos on those. Consider it. All right. Because this is a strong point. So I can always do an energy. I'll be the minimum three sets. Then two days later, cross again. This one is a vertical hand restraint shoulder press machine that able this long to a 60 degrees. And I was able to push right up. I try to come in as enough so that it's triceps and pacts upper backs, but not so far out that it's anti-redults and not so closely that it hurts my elbow. Then on the third upper day, I need dumbbell pressies. I tried to do dumbbells in to my side. I did this. You see a lot of guys doing this. That's a lot of struttle part. And anti-redal. Then I'll see some guys doing this, which is a little bit curler-headed. Right? I'm doing a like this. It's almost all tricep. And then as the entire, I then move them out a little bit and we're curled down a clipped killer hand. Then if I'm really tired, I can then fill out here and use the sterling. So that's why I think that dumbbell presses, if you were of the correct skill level, the dumbbell presses are the best. And that's what probody will this for, but dumbbell presses. But that's why you see every broccoli-headed child doing armbal. All right, that is packs. Packs goes here. Now you'll notice it's not a priority, but I put it there for a reason. And the reason was because I used to have delts before packs. And the delts got bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger and the packs just got looking smaller and smaller and smaller and smaller. So now, mid-off season, I've changed the priority. I was doing two sets three times a week. Now I'm at three sets three times a week. All right. Now the next priority is going to be hamstrings. Hamstrings, I'm doing seated leg curl. My own match rap, pretty straight forward. I've got videos explaining how to do that. Lying leg curl, then I'm doing seated leg curl. I'm not doing straight leg deadlifts. I'm not doing anything fancy because I've torn each hamstring at least three times. And the only thing that doesn't tear my hamstrings are the leg curls. So I'm just doing it defensive way in I'm doing nine sets per week. And they recover very well this and they've grown quite a bit. And here's how I can tell you why. Because I used to use delts moist, lie hamstring for a couple of years ago. And 120 was very challenging for like 12 or 13 reps. Right now I'm using the, like, very first back week back used to doing it. I just was able to 1, 60 for 13. So I put a significant amount of mass in my hamstrings without using any tip of hit-ranging and deadlift. If you don't have an over-developed buck or Christmas tree, then you wouldn't want to do straight leg deadlifts. But if you remember I'm doing the seated cable row with the flexion row, that's a way of loading my lower back. Let's just say my attention if that unloading my upper back. If you do it that over row, your lower back is doing more work thingy-rup. So depending if I have it, it's super devout blue and lower back from powerlifting. And a super devout core in bloops from powerlifting. Then nothing, I don't need to do any more squatting and deadlifting. I've done 30 years of squatting and deadlift. Now switching from bodybuilding to classic physique, I need to fix the mistake of having a gloop and a waist that should be. Which means I don't need to load that shit. As long as I can grow my quad sweet and as long as I grow my hamstrings, I will be improving my legs. I personally, other people, including Chad GVJ, thinks that my quads and my hamstrings are proving with this. Now that brings up the next priority, middle delts. I'm doing nine sets of myelmatraops. Middle delts, I'm doing on J1, the time to be all lying, dumbbell raised. As I've been in a couple of videos, I'm making Instagram. The next time, on the next upper day, I'm hitting middle delts again. I'm going to be using cables. Lattel cable raised. It's a very coupled, scated thing. You got to watch the video. If you guys super nice, we'll find the video. We'll shot in the past and I'll throw it up. The last day, I'm in Milford. I'm using the machine. Now, if I go down to RTV, I'll use what are their machine. I love the machine lateral raises. One arm or two arm, they're great. But I also like the cable and I also like my very specific way of the line. One thing I want to mention, I put the bench at 45 degrees and I brought myself up on the elbow. And I rested down, blowing my leg, and then come up. So those are my favorite ways to hit middle delts. The next priority would be adductors. All right, adductors really got a six. The reason why they're in here, they're really not the best priority. It's just I don't want to do any pressing without free warming up my head. I just feel like I don't want to tear my groin. So life caps, it's a lower priority thing, but it's higher in the roster. I don't do lial match rep on them. Or I do actually do do lial latch rep. I used to do two sets of adductors machine, because you want to make your thighs as big as possible. The adductors are as important as they have strings in the quad, so you go over, look up. The next priority is going to be quads. And I'm doing nine sets of leg extensions a week. I would normally do three sets of leg extensions and two sets of either reverse banded hacks, what, or a pendulum squat, or a belt squat, or a leg for us. I want minimal actually loaded, and I want to have them. There'd be some tension in the hyperfluxion position, but I don't want them to be so much nearsch near me, sharing forest that it destroys the knees. That's why I think the reverse banded hacks squat is fantastic. The belt squat's great too. Handzones squat's great, so our TV, I'll use the handzones squat. Add, whilst Bloomfield, I'll use the sidebeck squat press, which is a very famous, special type of leg thrust. There has a articulating foot pad to allow for poor ankle mobility. Things I do, I wear knee sleeves. I put butcher balm on under the knees. Then on my work sets, I use gas wraps, and wrap my knees like powerlifting. Then as you will hopefully see a knee leg thrust video that is on Instagram, I eternally rotate my femurs. I eternally rotate my femurs on my leg curls, and seated leg curls on abductors, on leg extensions, and on process. Every fucking thing I do for my legs, might be don't look like this, then look like this. I have rotating them from the femur. Like, I can't. I do single-legged extensions because my knee hurts. Otherwise, I would be using double legs. What I found was for the quad presses, if I go heavy enough, I'd have to stimulate them correctly, my rep range is so low I get hurt. If I go light enough, that I don't hurt my knee, I run out of air. So thanks to Drew Dileinson, I'm using cluster sets in my process. So you'll notice that I don't have any process for a ground in the air. That's because they don't do them on one of these days. I do them every fifth day, so on week one, it'll be on lower three. Then on week two, it'll be on lower two. And then week three, it'll be on lower one. And then week four, it'll be on lower three. And they're different things. So on week one, lower one, it's going to be the belt squat. On lower two, it's going to be the Sissy squat. And on lower three, it's the true squat because I'm at no line on that day. I took the reverse band and hacks completely out because I kind of, I didn't two times a week or about eight months. And I was giving up to eight plates aside on one and the side, I got just six out of the other and I was doing great when I took the reverse band off because of Paul Carter and I got her. So my biggest advice is you can listen to what he says, but whatever you do, do not listen about that four to six drop shift. That always keep your up to the level of edges because it doesn't matter if it goes from muscles to your heart, your joints, then you're never going to go up to go. So the worst advice I'm going to do that might as well just shoot eight hundred load games and try the way. It's in the same day as the four to six drop song. That look at things like shoulders. All right. Now, as far as weird else, got it in three times a week, I like the reverse pack deck if it's good reverse pack. I do the good one, the side backs evil three on Tuesday. And then on Thursday, I usually do a cut down. It's kind of the same thing as the straight out of the old house. It's just a lads. And if you angle out just right and you throw traction scapula, you can hit the rear dog more. All of the those exercises get trice. Got to be thinking. So I'm getting the trice out with some of the land exercises and all the chest things for presses. I was going to try steps on walls too. So guess what I hear. Look at this. We're getting nine more sets of presses. And then we're getting three more sets of all straight arms, six more sets of rear adults that used up triceps because your elbows locked. And we're using an abwheel once a week, which we haven't gotten to. So that's nine more. So I'm actually hitting my triceps 18 with aging direct sets, but I'm getting with aging indirect sets. I'd like to point out that these upper back sets, you're getting indirect artwork. And you're also on all these lads, upper backs, you're getting indirect by seven work. Okay, handstrings. There's building direct work, middle dots, middle indirect work. Add doctors. There's a little bit of indirect work if you do process, but I don't do them. Quads, there's no indirect work. That leaves the last thing is rear adults. We've just said we get nine sets. I told you, and the last day, I'd load you up two the days. The last day, I sit in a chair. This is the key here. I sit in a chair and I do face pulls. But I do face pulls to the rear adult and the makes you really rotate. So I'm a sternly rotating during face pulls. This is after I done the lateral raises to get the pump. And actually, I see where I'm down on the sides. I do the machine later roles to get the pump in the middle of the belt that I sit in it, share internally rotate. Pull, bad, I pull a part. I don't just pull bad. I pull a part. That gets my rear adults, my upper back and it gets my middle once. So I'm going to eat all of the extra stimulus on other places. I'm not going to fill in the stimulus. I have everything I'm doing. That's what I'm doing. Now, there's abs. I'm doing abs roller three times a week. She's trying to substance chest also. I'm getting the hang knee raises, which gets the hip flexures and the rectus for more of the quad with the additional volume. And I'm doing planks through television. So that's life. That's of abs. And then last but not least, his calves. I pre-litch due to toe press, which is like a seated donkey press. Then I do a different toe press, which looks like a seated donkey press. And then I do a donkey press, a donkey cat, which is basically a donkey cat. So I do basically nine sets of donkey jams a week. And those are my own mat reps as well. It's polished volume did I actually do it because Roger could just tell me I need to do more volume. So I have a little bit of volume, right? So we could put in here. Let's see, this is a spreadsheet so this should be easy enough. Equal, no equal, 18 plus nine plus six plus 18 plus 18 plus 18. Or a meds cut up there. Then plus got the limit. Why do you go to one of their playing? This is crap. Shift plus nine for hamstrings, plus I give you this in my head faster than this fucking thing. Nine plus six plus nine plus nine plus nine plus nine. So 120 nice. I was doing 80 Roger told me to take it closer up to order to 10 and now it's 129 sets. Now I want you to take in consideration. That means that as a me I reaching failure a hundred and twenty nine times because I'm doing my own mat reps. So on the second set, I've hit a rust boss and a third set I'm doing two rust bosses. Every time it says three sets, it's six times I'm going to need a value. So the basically if we were to eliminate the ad duck, what is it the process? The process are the only things I'm not mile match reps. So we could eliminate nine from this number 120. We're actually doing two hundred and forty times I'm taking a set to failure plus nine. So two hundred and forty nine sets actual failure reps were accomplished. I'm not doing one RAR. I want to have some failure or hundred times. And people are going to be like, well this is the opposite of what you teach us to do. I'm not your right because this is my split. It took me nine months to build up to this. This is not for someone to do. If someone was hit, I want to do it upper lower split. How do I do that? My seller fell does upper lower, upper lower, uh, Terence does the same shit. They did two sets per exercise pretty much, providing hard. So they're way lower volume than me. It doesn't make that long. It doesn't make me right. It's just that I did that for whole off season. And during the off season, I would come to the poorly. Pissots winter. And you're, it's the best thing you're forced to be near yourself. And right now I'm in the transitional phase to where I'm eating a reasonable motor, you know, honestly, I'm now the drugs are coming back in and they're different drugs prep. I've got tons more energy. Except for when I fell asleep in the middle of this last time, that's why I'm able to handle this right now. If the food starts coming down, and harder, it starts blowing up. As the gear goes up, and my performance starts decreasing, if my log book starts taking a shit, let's see what's a log book has to say. Well, scroll bench, scroll scroll scroll. So where were we Friday? What's today? Oh boy, I hate songs. I hate songs. Where is it when what day are we on Tuesday? Tuesday, where are you? Tuesday. Here we go. All right. If you look, sidebecks pulled on, I got 130 sure 15. If you notice, if you ignore set one, because it was an acclamation set, I used a little too much weight. So we're going to compare set one here, set one there, instead, I went up five pounds, but I lost a half of a rep. So 14 plus one means that I got to have a rep. There's a certain point where a pulley hits a line, and that's where I know where the bottom line rep goes. So I made progress there. Second set, I definitely lost progress on the second set, but I did a rust pause to make up for the second exercise. I killed it. Instead of getting negative 81 pounds on this is gold for 12, I got negative 75 to 15. So maybe it was too light before. Now four out of four, right here means that I had a four pump and a four mine muscle connection. All right, do you why row? I was 115, but I'll again nine the time before, because I've working with some people, and they were using too much weight, but I didn't this time I did 90, I got 10 plus one, and then the second set 90, I got 10 plus one. So it looks like what performance is a little lower this way. So here up right row, I'm up right. Oh, this is that machine. That machine, the hamster, it's a lot of high row. It was a little too heavy, because I already got nine plus one rep. So I dropped the weight down by 10 pounds and got 12. The second set, I did 90 last time, and this time I got 115 and I got 10. So it's hard to compare performance, but notice I've still got a four to four pump and a four to four in my muscle connection. So it's time. This is a little bit easier compare. I got 11 and a partial. So 11 solid reps, if I'd stopped it, 11 reps would have been one I or R. But I went for a partial and that was why it's just plus one. So I wanted to failure. Anytime I had a plus one, that's a failure. So I got a partial rep. Like this, I think I got 12, but I lost count in the middle, because I don't have someone counting for me. I have to concentrate. The second set, I think I got two more reps, but I'm not positive. The third rep I got two last reps. And you're going to say incline gross 225 in the end shit. I was doing 15 for five, and I decided because my elbow was hurting, I was going to drop the weight weight down and work higher, a rough range. And that's four to four both times. So so far, I've never really seen a big amount of improvement in this week. And leaning lateral 25 got 19 and I didn't count that point. Second set, 25 inches of chain didn't really count that set. I just put flush and march because I took it to failure and did the rest balls, but how to preoccupied and emotionally with so lot of stuff that was going on in my life and I wasn't able to concentrate as much. That's why I'm important to put you forward, and you're not disturbed, but I had a lot of business not blowing up while I was mid workout. And then again, here, my performance was better. I'm third set. So if we ignore these first two sets, which I knew I'd boss in my ass, my third set was so much better than my third set, the look before. That's a pretty big jump in performance coming through extra reps. All right, weird out. I was so unfocused. I wasn't able to pay attention. But what was going on? Planks all tied record of two minutes and 30 second plank. And then my second record is two minutes, 20 seconds. Part of that, my record is two minutes to get and then I did a hang assisted where I hauled and I did negative 68 pounds for three-millet minutes straight. I didn't have to readjust your shit. If we compare Wednesdays, the ax live, ax is high pull. That's the, um, the Trison pressed down. I got 45 for 16 at one arm or 20 to the other. I got 58. This title went up weight at 14 preble sides. And the second set, I don't know why this is 80, I was a mistext. So I got 45 for 16, 40 is probably 54, 14 and the third set, 45 for 12. This one, 50 for, I don't know, in a plus five. So didn't keep breaking records. It looks like I got weaker on that one. Right, curl looks like I got weaker. And the first set, definitely weaker on the second set, definitely weaker on the third set. Thirds and the waist dip looks like I got a little stronger all the way through. Three motion Bayesian curls looks like I got significantly weaker. Well, a moist leg curl looks like my strength went down. So what it looks like to me by me analyzing this data objectively is that my training split have so much volume that I'm getting weaker weak to weak, not stronger. Now my weight is going down because I'm in prep and next to the expected that generally why it end up all its third-redger introduced when you're in prep to increase performance you don't. It's just another thing that you could say is that my because some of these are new exercises, my skill of these exercises you're improving so that each individual rep is hitting more fibers and I'm being more efficiently. But two data points, two weeks in this prep isn't enough for me to say, hey, I'm doing too much volume. But I mean, we can look at this and say jumping from E.D. reps a week, 480 sets of failures, 420 sets of failure in the span of two or three weeks in a three-phase that was way too fast for a band split. So this is me analyzing my split and how I have it set up. One could say taking some of the myel match reps off of unimportant body parts and leaving the myel match reps only a hand back and arms and sacrificing them from delts and hamstrings and quads might be the win go. Another person might say doing the rate doing six workouts a week is too much but I should go back to having five workouts a week. But I'm not going to lie. I like this a lot more. Doing four sets of middle delts for sports and hamstrings is so fucking boring. I'd rather do three sets of myel match. So I just have to analyze this and see what we can do to improve progress. Because on paper, this is a perfect program. The problem is it's my numbers are improving in the gym, which would imply I need more food, more sleep, more drugs, or less volume. The reason why I really don't think it's the volume is I have no local sornas. None of my muscles are sore the next day. None of my muscles. Like right now, his try is up is a little sore here. Right now, this elbow feels pretty good. This knee feels great. That's so because nobody part is locally sore, there's no reason why I should decrease the volume. It doesn't make any sense. So I'm thinking it's really more of an efficiency thing, a certain thing, or a thornasane. Hopefully you guys found this extremely useful. Obviously since we're talking about my cycle, my split, and my logbook, it's going to be an advanced discussion by myself. So I guess we would call this advanced discussion and Todd's competition. If you have any questions, put them in the comment section. This is one of the few times where I'm not going to pretend to be an expert. I'm interested in other people's input. The cluster set being once a week. A cluster set is four reps, three deep breaths, more reps, three deep breaths, four reps, three deep breaths. So you're doing 24 reps for something you're doing 16 times. So I'm basically a hacksaw or a belt squat or a leg cross and you're going to 24 reps when you're only normally building 16. The myometreps, when I said it does a rust plaza and clarify, I take 10 deep breaths. Another thing I need to point out is normally I would have a fixed time period where I wait exactly a minute between every set. I have not been doing that lately. I've been just catching my breath and going. That could mean that could be why I'm getting a less reps on the second or third set versus a 5.5.3 minute rest because I didn't want it to be boring. I'm sick of boring workouts, doing them by them, no, I wanted to try it out and just let my body catch just rough. Wait to see if I ready to more training that because of what I need to do in rest pauses to get those reps anyway. I'm getting 18 reps, I'm tensed one, that I'm getting 18 reps and set two. It doesn't matter how long I rust between set one and set two. I might just have to do more rust pauses to help you really take those 18 reps. I'm still training just as hard. I might even do your editing harder. At the break of my disagree with this. This is what a few times I've been doing this session. So without further ado, may the force be with you. Great news. I am now partnered with Talon Wellness. Talon Wellness will be able to provide you your medication. So you get your consult with me. I will review the blood work you got through M&M labs and Talon will be the HRT clinic that will get you your medication delivered to your home. So there's nothing that changes on your part. All you do the same thing. You get the consult with me. Link is in the description box and I take care of everything. It's just that now it is now a different HRT clinic and the lab process is going to be even smoother. The prices will also be lower than they were with the previous HRT company. So this is all good for everyone. You love it. Click the link in the description box to set up your consult today and on with the show.