We're here! You're watching Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. Okay, so, Felunitunes are back in action. We are charging. We are still in San Antonio. I believe we are on our way to Houston. Todd is going to be training with Hunter today. At LeBraata, they don't want to film today, so I'm going to find other ways to occupy myself. We shall see what I get up to. Aside from that, we are driving to New Orleans. Immediately after we finish at LeBraata, that's going to be a long stretch. Then we're going to explore New Orleans tomorrow. Then we're going to start the drive to Daytona. Think that about brings us up to speed. Where'd you go? Fuckin' where? What the fuck is going on with this thing? Yeah. Let's see. Hmm. Something that back. Oh, we're here in Houston downtown Houston, because I did this detour thing to get to the ground. I'm going to be in the middle of the road. I'm going to be in the middle of the road. I'm going to be in Houston downtown Houston, because I did this detour thing to get electricity for the car. Because I didn't think we could make it all the way out of town. This was a bad choice. Had an awesome workout with Hunter today. It went really good. First I hit a little bit of lats. And then we hit middle delts, flies. Two different presses. And then some lateral raise machine. So literally exactly the leg train came to where I could predict how many sets with the same amount of rep range, with the same depth, because Joe Bennett was there. So Joe Bennett himself was there at the gym when I got there. I got there and I'm talking to Terrence and Joe Bennett. And then Hunter got finished eating lunch with his dad. So he came in and I got to meet Leela Brada. And then Hunter's pretty important to Roy showed up, and we got started on back. After I already finished. I mean, I'm chest after I already finished back. So it was pretty funny how that worked out. And it was we trained the exact same way. Same sets, same rep range, same tempo, same range. Which emotion, the exercise selection, the exercise order, like everything is the same way of training. So I was really reassuring. You know, he gave me a lot of good cues for the cable laterals so I could feel him better. I'm actually have a sore middle delt. I never have a sore middle delt. So we had a good training session today. I can't wait to be back to Houston. So I could train with those guys again. We thought this was a cool touch. It's not New York, it's Houston, but I guess it's got a New York style. And I don't really have anything more than television to say. I feel good. I got shot. The world is nice. The world is shining. Living life isn't my right clingin'' Everyone subscribe your favorite words! People say I spin. They just say space! Lots of things that I spend in this apartment Look at what the next time Look at what the... Let's kick it out Go, this is a fucking blow Wait! Now you're the f***ing me out Yes, yes, yes Well, guess what fuck? What you say? Well, guess what fuck? What fuck? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah To us, to you, to you more We're gonna be the end of it Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey Get your hands on you, get me, get me Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Well, just the time of your move Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Just a lot better But this right elbow hurt so bad for yesterday's workout My push workout yesterday Then I can't really even use the right arm for triceps Which is important as a left one is pumping up fine So we'll try different exercises, see if that feels better Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Great job, my song, your good good Wow, yeah I could do it all Rampus! You shall never enter! Rampus! I shall never forget! Rampus! Rampus! Rampus! Rampus! Rampus! No! Rampus! Russia! Russia! We are the best! In my opinion, Rampus! Yes, thanks. I am the most lovely surprise! As expected, we teach Rampus and the most passionate ratings for the series. VThe power of Written & Circumstable rookies, for reasons of demanding the power of abuse!!! D key! And for the MONTHDEV of people who do not consume theShig Diversity, but to ensure that they're the strongest as possible!!! You're good. You're good. You're so good. You're my death, my fear. It's great. What's the God? What's the God? What's the God? You're the God. What's the God? I did it. That is our life. You're the God. You're the God. It's awesome, separately.양s team could go. You're the God. And you're the God. That is our life There's still不要. You're the God. God. That is our life that's still loud Young Yugoslavia's spices. Send Yanayana, Penn U So this is turning out to be an awesome workout. The first super set didn't work well because my elbows hurt me. The tricep extensions. The Bayesian curls felt good. So I got like three or four warm ups. That's trying to find a work weight. Finally was able to, I had to remember to manually stretch out this lat to get this tricep to stretch. But anyway, the point is now that I'm super setting these pieces of equipment, I'm getting an awesome workout. It's just the one time the cable's back fired on me. It's really just because we had a rush out of the Airbnb. So I had 10 to cook the food but not the eat the food. Since the Airbnb is like a quarter mile from this planet fitness. My plan was just to squeeze in a quick arm pump to make up for the fact that we didn't finish upper body at Hunter's gym yesterday because we ran out of time. So I didn't get any triceps or biceps in. So my plan was to just rest all day today and then have normal upper body Wednesday. But circumstances changed so I'm squeezing in six sets of biceps. Six sets of triceps now and it's actually going good. I didn't go good at that. I can't believe this is so uncomfortable. I'm not worried on one side that doing the bracing the january was talking about for the last and legs. This is actually helping with little stuff like arms. I just wasn't bracing there and I sat some off. Bracing during every set. I'm going to have a real tight core compubiori. So I'm just going to finish up with some cardio after this quick arm workout. Then we're off to New Orleans. That's the best. When you work out in first thing, you get to be in a good mood all day. It could be worse. It could be a lot harder. So we're okay. We're going to get that. We're just probably just going to keep going like that because if it's going to be like this we're not going out of the fucking car. I'm going to turn the max speed to the bare minimum. Hopefully I won't do its lane change bullshit and get us off on the wrong exit. I can get our twice ready. I'm shaking as the big truck to go by and let's bridge. So I go to jump up here and the bridge is shaking. It's like that core. Oh, I'm sorry man. I'm going to be a afraid of heights. I'm mad. I mean, I am. But I don't think it's like as big of a deal as people make when that make it out to me. It'd be like if you got into a coffin and couldn't get out. You're not necessarily claustrophobic, but that's pretty fucking tight. It's just ridiculously bad that it took us off the freeway. Right. Right. So we're somewhere in Mississippi on our way to Dalton, Georgia because it's, I just want to focus on this final show. Get the height thing settled once and for all and come in my basket one show. Rather than trying to do a five day peak for one show and another five day peak for another show. Every sense of focus ten days on one show. Let's pretty much it.