Worry! You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV, where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. Prostate health. So a lot of people are concerned about their prostate. I've never really seen the PSA or prostate specific energy and go up using antibiotics. In other words, I haven't seen much markers that anabolic and reasonable uses with HRT or bodybuilding, causing an increase in the PSA or prostate specific energy. Prostate specific energy can go up in three situations. More, but primarily three situations. BPA, your benign prosthetic hypertrophy, meaning that it's prostate gets bigger, but it's not cancer. Prostate cancer, which I've never seen, and with infections, which I don't really see. The solution for BPA, which is the most common culprit. When someone tries to pee, and they feel like they need to pee and a little bit comes up with not a lot, usually flow max is the first line treatment for this. Flow max is a prescription medication, and flow max causes the alpha 1A subtype receptor to be blocked. So it's an alpha 1 type A blocker. So it's not a beta blocker. It doesn't block the beta receptors. It causes the heart to beat harder and faster. It blocks the alpha receptors, normally which are used for blood pressure that basically alpha 1 kind of sucks. But alpha 1 subtype A is specific to the prostate, the bladder, the uter, etc. So it really allows you to pee better. Now, why do you have BPA? In theory, antibiotics specifically, DHT is supposed to cause this. This isn't the whole story. The whole story is that estrogen binds to the SHBG molecule. The SHBG molecule binds to its own receptor on the prostate, and this makes the prostate more sensitive to circulating DHT. Now, what am I going to know? This is DHT. This is not the DHT derivatives bullshit. So drug dislike, master on, and a draw. Just because that some idiots call them DHT derivatives, doesn't mean they have anything to fucking do with DHT or how it works. It just means that they don't or romanticize. That's it. That they've been five alpha reduced. So the DHT derivative class is the five alpha reduced class. It has nothing to do with DHT whatsoever. So this myth that taking BASTER on makes you have to pee a lot or make sure prostate swell is just in the brain. It's just idiots with a no-seabull effect. They believe in something so they imagine the consequences. It's just like how people say that their dick doesn't work because they use DACA. That that's all in their head. Maybe prolactin would cause a rectal dysfunction, but a phosphodestries inhibitor type five. Like, my agro would clear this problem up without you having to do brain damage taking something like cabbagoline or prem-e. Anyway, that's the long and the short of it. Flowmax is a great drug to use if you're having a problem cleaning. Great news. I am now partnered with Talon Wellness. Talon Wellness will be able to provide you your medication. So you get your consult with me. I will review the blood work you got through M&M labs and Talon will be the HRT clinic that will get you your medication delivered to your home. So there's nothing that changes on your part. All you do the same thing. You get the consult with me. Link is in the description box. I take care of everything. It's just that now it is now a different HRT clinic and the lab process is going to be even smoother. The prices will also be lower than they were with the previous HRT company. So this is all good for everyone. You'll love it. Click the link in the description box. Set up your consult today and on with the show.