Hurry! You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. I'm gonna do try doing my best to be concise and deliberate. We have a few minutes to make it to the venue. I'm making all my food for the day in advance to learn my cooler, so that there's nothing missing. I don't have a full brain capacity, so I have to check. Every step of every meal I have to check to make sure it's exactly very fit. I brought the honey separate, the right cakes are in there, put that in, salt and... I brought salt with me. And the chest seems salt with me, so we can make the water on the fly. Rather than trying to prepare each water, that would be two different cultures. Every water is different, just like every meal is different. And there's no live here somewhere. And this is the problem. It's I am organized with a new hot-to-full brain capacity. One of the most important things is remembering to take the right amount of water, the thinnest fury and the bad-o-mead pre-pump-up. We also have to remember to put the bands in the car, so... I've got a separate plastic baggy for each one of the ingredients for these meals, because if you've ever done this before, whether packing or anything else, the worst thing you can have is salt or sand in your closing terms. We're gonna... this one's not going anywhere well. I could take a smaller salt, but I need a grinder because everything's been pretty measured and then the hot stuff to get the masculinity. I have some rice cakes, I'm supposed to have a 10 o'clock, and we're supposed to get another car go. Men's bikini starts at 1045, and then plastic is on after that. So we want to be there at 1045. I've got the good shrunks. I'm wearing my schmata trunks. I've got a black towel for wiping stuff down. I've got my medallion, which is completely superfluous, because I look like a Mr. Hanky, the Christmas poo. I've got back up headphones, and then in the secret compartment, I've got AquaZine, in case I need it, which I won't, and I've got my competitor button. So the most important stuff that you need is the button, the comb, and the trunks, and then the pitils. On the rest of these things, they matter, but they don't really matter, because you can still compete without everything else. You can't compete without your button, and your trunks. That's why I'm wearing the trunks, even though they're not the right trunks. Because you don't get two buttons. I'm gonna get one button. I think I have everything I could need, except for bands, and my inhalers in the car, too. So bands in the inhaler, Kai, sat your responsibility, but, and then my shaker compass is right there. And we're going to prepare the water. So I saved some water, because I knew for few hours, this wouldn't be enough. We're at 200. We're at five ounces. What was I supposed to get? 15 ounces? I just looked three times. And I said that loud. You don't remember? I was focusing on the out. It's pouring. Tick the gun. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, sure. I'm not sure. It's pouring. You're not going to get one button. You're not going to get one button. I'm going to get one button. You're going to get one button. Yeah, sure. Yeah, sure. Yeah, sure. So we just left the San Antonio Pro finals. It was a lot of good progress. So I did me incorrectly. Way to incorrectly. We came in at 180. I would have liked to have came in at 180 too. It would have helped to be closer to weight. We'll be made way, but of course you're not going to get it. But we did miss. We were under by two pounds, which makes it that much harder. It was very hard to catch weight last night. Walk up under weight and had a meal. Went in, had rice cakes, went, pumped up, had fenders fury and battle meat, which really helped me get up hump. And then did the pre-judging. I actually liked the way I looked at pre-judging. Had a meal. And then went back for finals. I think I looked a lot better at finals, because I did another two scoops of feather assurances. Another two scoops of battle meat with some water and a lot of salt. It's got a really good pump, went out there and hit my poses. From what I understand, the routine went really well. I saw the video. I think the routine was much better. I think the paint was much better. Using chai rather than the spray tan bullshit was a 100% better that my midsection control was better. My posing was better. My timing was better. My quantum activation was better. I don't know that my hamstring activation was good. It's just I struggle with that. The judges feedback is the same pretty much as it was, Texas. Bigger lads, bigger by bigger arms, bigger arms, bigger lads, specifically lower lads. But they didn't tell me I needed a smaller waist and they didn't tell me I needed bigger lads. Or, you know, not that that was what happened last. And the Texas pro last year, Tyler said, figure back, wider back, more arms, slightly smaller waist. This time it was just bigger arms, bigger lower lads, and you got to be tighter in the back. Which we knew that my glutes in my lower back were not as tight as they should have been. That about two, three weeks out is when my glutes in my lower back with their best. But then it brought me down so low, filling me back up. I kind of backfired a little bit. There was some things that I didn't weigh. I evolved. And so that's part on my part is that I weighed them first. You know, I got, I was weighing them for a while, and got a good gauge on how much to use. But if I had been weighing it every single time, it might have been a little bit later. When it was doing three low days, one high day, I was digging myself in down to 177. And we switched to three low days, two high days. That was going good for filling me up. Then there was this one time we did two high days, our medium days, two medium days, one low day, two medium days. That's when I think that I spilled over. And we really never got that look back again with tightness in the glutes and the hamstrings. We immediately step off stage. I'm going to peak week for next time. And then when we step off stage in a week from the Daytona Pro, we're peak week for the Dalton. So we really liked how the peaking went this time. This whole week went really good. We're probably just going to roll into it again and again. That that meal in Alabama, it did fill me up. It may have spilled me over. I might have accumulated some fat from that meal, so that might have set us back to. So those are the two times when I think my look faded. And I don't know if that was permanent damage was the two medium, then one low, then two medium and attempt to fill me up and stop me from crashing. And it was rational because after a medium day, I was lighter. And then we put another medium day and I maintained. Then there was a low day and I crashed so that he put in two more medium days and it finally filled me up. And so it was a smart play. It's just that I didn't ever see the glutes and the hamstrings look quite the same after that. It ended me down for 24 weeks so far. You know, we could have hammered this week and tried to shred me down, but then I would totally be underweight. So the plan would be keep me at 182 or 185 all week and then try to bring me in at 182 next weekend. That would be third times the charm. I'm 64.5, two times in a row and then under 182 both times in a row. And the third time is the charm we have a permanent weight. I mean permanent height so therefore a permanent weight and we never have to play this game again. For the rest of my life, I just have to come in at 182. Oh, I didn't come in that last in over 45. I came in fourth. I didn't come in that last in over 40. I think I came in either eighth or seventh. I might have came in six for all I know because I was one in from the middle. I mean one in from the end. So at the end was eighth and ninth on either side and I'm one in from that means I was seventh or sixth. Which means I may not have came in that last in open. You know, who knows how I liked it? We won't know until we see the scorecard. But now I'm about to go play some vampire because it's my turn to play and then it's the most important thing in the world to me was getting home to do this. Why are the bloodlines so hard to find on this book? Because I know even those are the interests you just shouldn't be at this point. Yes. Okay. Well I'm okay. So on the way here I was thinking about it. I was like, truly there's like a book before they come up. I'm also I didn't know in a story line. Well the story line. So this back stuff because I was questioning your role because that seemed oddly specific. What role? That feeding certain generations to other generations. Yeah that's all. Those are real roles. Yeah. I will. They're not a role that you just are the history that you just described. It was the most perplexing thing I have ever heard. Oh, that's just a fucking tip of the iceberg. That's just a Bismalardx. That's where I don't know why I can't find the fucking plans in this book. I think it's over there is the I'll give you a trillion dollars if you've got it. Okay, here's show them a little slice of stuff. They're going to be a Boston Nick Tupu Bolly on the, our meanings. These are the bloodlines. All right. So then the Tupu move got me here. We'll be after the lady. Yeah. Leon on. Navarra. Nictu Tupu. This is the entry of the Nictu Tupu. So I did know they were real. There's only supposed to be 13 of them. And that's one of them. I know, Braxis is one of them. Roll, who was just killed. I killed Bobby Aga in 94. All right, so you've been playing, have you played with, been playing the same game for like 30 years? Yeah. This continued. I was a director in 1994 killed Bobby Aga. And I thought that there was no Nictu. Now I just found out that every Tony Tupu Bobby Aga her soul transfers to one of her kids. Then she eats one of the Nictu Tupu she's got bloodbibed to work to gain back her fourth generation. So that Bobby Aga had actually sent a toxic waste dragon after me in 97. And that's the last one I've heard of her. Daniel Curtin fell in 91. I don't know what that pertains to. Daniel Curtin would be between Russia and the, oh, okay. For the wall fell. The Berlin wall was actually constructed by Bobby Aga. She'd heed the western out of Eastern. And when we killed her, I heard it fell. So there was a whole bunch of wearables and a whole bunch of dragons of servicure. And they were coming for me. But the rules that they were explaining, or do they get like attitude as the creator of the game like create? Well the thing is, is no one who makes the game now has been playing as long as I have. So I don't care what they say. So we're, what I'm getting at is how, how have you been continuously playing for the other day? I've had this same story to other. And I haven't already for him and he's been running for me. And other people have came and went, but nobody did get like wives and kids and should have been taken away. Oh, they take other things more seriously than us. Their memory is mind-blowing. Right. So when people talk to me about pharmacology, it's like wheels on the bus. Go around, it's around, around and just a fucking one fight between two elder vampires when keeping track of all the spells and ship they had going at the same time is so much more complicated than all these fucking steroid cycles that affected people can't forget how to load a syringe would be like someone being so dumb they can't roll the dice. That's insane to me, pedology, any basic thing to speak with. I don't understand how you retain this much about it. That's just one book. I've had 800. That's just one book. That's the fourth edition of Dark Ages. I remember every edition. So how do you play this? So you basically tell the story and the other person reacts to what's happening and they choose what they want to do and you use their trace to determine an outcome. People think that role-playing games are video games. A role-playing game is so much better and so before I've had some of the video game role-playing game, it would basically like comparing a real role-playing game to a video game role-playing game would be like comparing sex with a woman to having sex with a blog dog. There's no interaction at all. There's no, you don't have any free will and a real role-playing game you do to over the fucking one at any given time. The problem is the burden is on the storyteller to know the universe well enough and so that he knows what's going to happen. Like what happens when you believe the batteries in a certain temperature? Like if you don't understand that, it wouldn't really be realistic. So for instance, I had a very unexperienced storyteller who was saying when someone fired an RPG, there was a big ball of fire and it was like, was it in the senderion RPG or an antifers now? The RPG or was it a tapebuster RPG? And then it's just a game, it's like, then if you're going to break this suspension, this belief, it's not, not only isn't not a game, the game is over. And there's like someone showed him a video on YouTube of an RPG going into a car and exploding, there was no ball of fire. I was like, see, there's no, that's just a normal antifersanella RPG and the fragmentation is supposed to kill on our retarders. It's not an incendiary RPG. And so like, you got all mad and it's through the dice and ran away. Because you didn't have the emotion of stability. This is a 30-something element. You didn't have the emotion of stability to be able to not have complete control. And it's like, you have to be smart enough to be a leader. You can't just be a leader because someone assigns it to you. Another guy you played with, the one you've been playing for a while is he pretty well with the music? I got two of them when he was 15 years old and I scarred him bad. That the game was so dark that he got scarred bad. And so like he can handle it now at 30-40. Yeah. He in this 40s, he can handle this shit. But a lot of people when you start playing with him and they're young, or they're innocent, they do not handle it for a good. Oh, I'm actually playing this. Who can you play right now? You can make a character really quick and play. You haven't watched you play. Oh my god, Jimmy, if you... Create a character or get that in the stock game. It was all my three times. I need a start green 800. I know I know about it. I know it's sorted. You fucking recorded and you just... No, no. You would be looking high. I would talk never talk to me ever again. Like this bitch, I don't know. Right? We would. Don't be a part of work. If you started, what is that twitch? You don't have to read shit because I would be the one running it. You would just, we would do a podcast or something. So you asked what you wanted. Other people like Gonso would be on it. And then we'd have two or three people who are probably typically doing the game. Gonso played live action in the 90s. But live action in Camaria is like the... It's like the special edge, short-bust version of the game. Like there's no... That he is no clue. Even though he played it a lot, he played this very my new faction of the game. That's not the way the game was intended. Like the air and spelling show. That was out on the Fox in 93. Kindred the embraced. That was based. That is this game. But it is a very, very new arrow version of the game. So if I ran the game, you would just play as your character. They've got actually, you could Google right now, we could watch people play it. They have vampire-domest grade podcasts where they play the game. And you could see what the thing is that people aren't very good at it. So it takes them a long time to like leave a room. Like, hiss it please. Like they know what you do right now. Well, I'm going to do this. And then eventually they get enough courage up to walk outside of their house. So, to go to the toilet newbies night? Hmm, to go to the toilet newbies night. I didn't ask them actually. What? So when you find my phone, I will. You just, I think that's just the ragging in the altar. Well, you're asked if you had a fucking... Oh, I was so excited. I was so excited. I'm very excited for God of Lighting. Obviously, it's, um, what is it? It's a, New York by night. How can you know your podcast for you play? I do. I do. So look for your phone. You know, you will, you will. Love you, the phone. Love you. Well, it's... I think it's always on the start. Yeah, it's always on the start. Why is this one? I don't even know where you're here. That's probably it. Oh my God, this game is the last game. It's okay. Oh my God, bye. I hate it. This is so hard to do it this way. Come on, you stupid. Oh God, damn it. This is good. It's fuck. I haven't had sushi in so long. Did you have like, I'm gonna do an optional amount of what? No, he didn't give me any. Hey, the amount of food I got was like 170 grams of chicken and 300 grams of rice to last been for the rest of the night. And I tore through that one meal. And I was like, so you just said, I get, yeah, I've very much. I just messaged him. I'm like, he probably wouldn't give me an off-play meal if I wanted one. But if I told him, hey, I just, I texted him. I broke down and ordered some sushi for a six-minute meal. He's waiting for me to take a bite. I know it. Hopefully this should as a call. I hate whole sushi. It's a, it is cool. Captain it. Why do they do that? Now I'm gonna get to battle with that taste pressure. It is just cool. Oh. Good song, man. I think it's really good to have a fresh. A lot of him in the rice was cool, it's a chunky. I'll wait a minute. Also, it's like, I should do the baby. I'll let you wait anything, I can finish. Oh, yeah, the food's not so anything for three hours. Why do they well-indized them? I'm gonna spin. Because they're one, one, one. It was a little bit. Not everything's very cheap. But you should have because we asked how many to tell the guys who were shooting at and not to shoot at was worth. I'm in eight. Eight were the crit. Eight were the critical, but not a mess in the crit. No, the crit rate. That is eight including the crit. Sir Torus appears to be on the fact that the mirror. Well, I removed your flashlights. So Aurora is no longer affecting right by the bright lights. Finish and you can do a finishing the incantation and turning the key.