You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV, where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. I met the two rudists, people I've ever met in my life at any gym, ever. Neither of these adult men would let me work in with them. I was like, am I working with you? He's like, you want to work out with me? I want to use the equipment. Well, I'm sitting here. I'm like, I know you're sitting here. You're not using it. You're just sitting here. You've got to open the night use it. And then when I'm done using it, he's like training off. And like, yeah, it's called working in. It's proper gym etiquette. He's like, no, man, I'm just going to finish. I was like, wow, thanks for sharing. And I walked away into calves and I came back. The rudist fucking decent shit. I met a guy. He was doing push-ups against the leg curl machine. I was like, hey, can I use this? I mean, he's like, I'm using it. I'm like, you're doing push-ups. It's a leg curl. So like, I'm about to use it. I'm like, they do it. I was like, do the push-ups in the floor, fuck face. Like, what? Fuck. So we have elected to skip New Orleans for now. We are going straight through to Houston. For me to pull over again, unpack. It takes two hours to basically, it took 30 minutes to unpack. But I also had pre-made the chicken to today's events. There's a good chance we'll run out of an ingredient, trying to cook. So what you mean is we have to have instant card deliver in the morning. And it's just, and then you have to be checking out by 11. By the time you're on the road, it's 11-12. Then it's going to guess a whole another gate. We get to Houston. I talked to Martin. I talked to Terrence. Terrence talked to Hunter. I've talked to Logan, Franklin. So there's several people from me to train with him Houston. And I this morning before I woke up, I went and did fast. It's like, just to get the leg workout in. Because I had hit legs for over a week. So the more road time is going to just make it harder on the diet, harder on the workouts. It's better just to get to Houston. Even if one day we don't get very good sleep, you know, we get in at 2-3 in the morning. Wake up is 9 in the morning. It's starting training at a reasonable hour. I'm training at a high-end facility like LeBraata or Alphaland or Martin. Brad training at a very aggressive gym. I've been training with some cool people. Getting really good workouts. And New Orleans still there. We can still hit New Orleans after the San Antonio Pro. And our way back to the Daytona. Now that I got two weeks between show A and B, this is when it matters to fucking get some training in to refill and come in. Now that we know my height 64.5, I can come in at 182. And if for whatever reason they height me at 64.0, then we can go just take something and piss out five pounds of water in an hour. I've done it before. But I've never missed weight in 17 years. And I've never been high to the lower than 64.1. This would be the third time too. If I got a 64.1 or higher, boom, three different hidings we're done. If we don't, and I can't compete, I'm just not a lot of competed all of the San Antonio Pro. And we just come in at 177 for the Daytona and Lock it in for good. And if for whatever reason that gets blown, there's Denne George on the 4th of October. But we're getting there three. We're getting there three. But coming at 173, when I really kid a came in at 182, murdered my luck. I also think by removing the pressure to go to New Orleans right away. We might end up actually having more fun. We do go. You might also, I didn't mention this, but my legs are ready sore from today's leg workout. So one thing around in New Orleans was sore legs with sock and breaking into a cemetery. Yep, jumping over a rod iron fence. Because this plan of fitness didn't have any traditional Washington's traditional. Then we have any of the high-tech wad work like a hack squat, bounce squat, pendulum squat. So I'm going to have the angled, the really shitty angled smith machine. So I did smith squats with a heel wedge and really, really, really got my quads good. Even though I got, I hadn't done it so long that I was using less than half the way and normally wouldn't half the rug. It's been years since I did it. Boy, it feels so good. That smith squats is like how my favorite quads exercise it on. And it felt so good to do them. Probably going to really incorporate them going forward. And once you don't feel it, I'll probably do belts squat, then smith squat, then leg extension. And inumber, I'm probably going to do Sissy Hacks squat. Like the pendulum squat, then Sissy Hacks squat, regression regular Hacks squat, then leg extension. But I love me some leg extensions. I love me the pendulum squat, I love me the Hacks squat, and the plan is Hacks squat. It is as good as the fucking side backs. You get another 11 hours before we had Houston. All right, 11 hours. Yeah, I think we've done more. It what's hard is much more. Like last night, checking into that Airbnb was really smooth because I had a garage and was a really nice Airbnb. But that first night when we stopped in Georgia, I would look like a really nice hotel and was a shithole. That was a nightmare checking in. Do that place was a hotel. We had a carry, our one box at a time, a hundred feet, every box. And then there is so many different rooms on packing too, that I'm glad to record it on packing in that Airbnb this morning. I mean last night because I fucking unpacked and had that place operational in 30 minutes. And then we checked out pretty much in an hour in the morning. And I couldn't move faster, but I had to prepare the food. I had to cut through a can of tuna with scissors because I couldn't find the patio can of per hour. I packed. And we ever figured out why that Airbnb guy was calling us? I know why. Why? Because it was 12 or one and we were still there. Oh, that's why he walked up on foot and said, what are you checking out? And I said, we're literally packing the car right now, dude. And he said, okay, he talked away. You talked to him? Yeah, I know I talked to him, but I thought that was a really good place. I thought that was a really good place. I thought I talked to him. I like 11. 45. That might be 11.45, but then he called it 12.1, like, are you gone? Yeah. Okay. And what's the point in answer? No. I think we pulled away at 12 or four or 12 or six. Even that time when I was tossing stuff off the bed and something heavy hit the wall, I checked the wall very carefully and I tried to put any mark in the wall. That was not intentional. I didn't realize there was something like there is a heavy container in with the clothes when I pushed the clothes off the bed. I even put the pillows back on the bed, the million throw pillows and surfing over your clothes. I really, really like that place. What did you write in the textbook? Just said, we had a great time. Thank you so much, floating in stay in there. Like we love the place. It's beautiful. Wow, wow, wow. You know, I was, I would be happy to live in that place for years. It was in the Los Angeles. It was a dishwasher, work great. The washing machine work great, the dryer work great, the TV work great, the shower was great. One of the best Airbnb's I ever stayed at. Middle of fucking nowhere though. It was so cheap. So, she 200 bucks total ticket price. Concerningly cheap. Normally Airbnb is like 200 bucks just in cleaning fees. I hope the place we end up choosing and uses that nice. Yeah, I'm just going to pee up against the tree. I don't even know where the fuck this is not a restaurant. It's right around the corner there, so that. Oh, I'm going to be the pole over and pee. Any minute now. Can you see anything? Don't brush stop. That was fucking nick of time, bitches. Whoa, I don't really care. If I can't see where I am, they can't see my dead stuff. That's not that big. And then it stops raining. Right when I say that, I watch the Bismarck ants. All right, we're parking here. Fucking Florida, dude. That's crazy. Yeah, look at what I did. Oh, oh. I actually didn't even throw it. I don't need it though. I'm going to pee in that pebble. Oh, tropical storm bro. Vlog. I'm going to have to turn the heat up a little bit. That was crazy. I don't know if you could hear the thunder in here. Not in here, but you're my dad. Oh, dude, it was loud. My next car is going to be, I thought they had like an auto driving escalator. Why don't you just give a Tesla? Because I need a big car. They have bigger Tesla's. It's called a Cybertron. It's not big enough, bro. I want to be able to haul around like a full studio. We're in the gear. I don't know. Plus drugs, plus drugs. Okay, well then that's different. Ray, drugs, drugs and cameras bro. So there's like that self-driving escalator. Yeah, fucking sick. Plus you could fit like a whole bad in there. Imagine if we just pull over. Well, you can fit about this too. I just can't fit about it in the gear. That was nuts. That was like, I need to pull over and pee. And then boom. It's like the auto driving just is like someone dumped a fucking bathtub on the fucking windshield. And then the auto driving shut off. And I was like, alright, I'm just going to get over. And there's my car didn't tell me there was anyone in my blind spot. And I cut across two lanes of traffic. And it was a rust stop. Because I went ahead and I looked. Oh my God. Whoo. That was lucky. I was going to be a little bit of a million right there for me to pee in. And then it's gone. Yeah. It's mostly clear. Dude, we're like going in a circle around the whole golf at Mexico. Like for real, like look for real. Like what we just did. We went from here. We went all the way down to here to take a soft tampo. Went all the way to Miami. And then we're working our way back around the whole golf a month ago. And we're going to end over here in this area. So we're like stuck all on the golf a Mexico. We're probably 30 miles past from, we've all come back to golf. Oh, wait, is it golf of America now? Golf of America. Flock yeah. That's a lot of fun, man. If it wasn't for the fact that I'm soaking fucking wet. Our plan for tomorrow is 330 pm pole session with hamstrings with underlaprodda in his shirt. And then Wednesday might be Terrence might be low. This is coming tomorrow. Oh yes. Yeah. Okay, cool. Cool. So we're doing that. We're posting up in Houston for 4 or 5 days. We might do alpha land. I mean, I don't want to overstate my welcome. I'm a throttah, but if he likes us, I would just spend a week and a half there. Fuck it. And then we'll just go right to send an audio. Funny thing is I check in the bar out because I think tomorrow's a video. So I've been even checking the rice for six months and two of the rice cakes for six months. Having a off plan meal was scheduled for New Orleans. So we're not going to be there. So we can even be relevant. Mobile, Alabama, 45 minutes. Or we can have another meal. And then we have to run the risk of when we get to bad rouge. Nothing's open because it's a London. Which I think is a bad plan. I think makes sense. It's a town. You have a meal. Take our time. Now we're going to be staying near the La Brada facility. And we have an address for it. So I can cross reference that zone. Why is it telling me the next treasure for what is this not working? You look good. You look good. Thank you. It's good shirt on you. I look so bad. It's not going to be any good. Do the compression stocks help. Well, I'm not dead. So they didn't. I'm not dead. So they didn't. So I'm not dead. And when I was confirmed, your reservation at Airbnb, eight hours per week. So we'll get a swimming bird dinner for an hour. We'll get there three or four o'clock. 100 doesn't train until 330. So we'll get plenty of time to sleep. And in less parents does a problem with us filming. Well, film. If parents does have a problem with us filming, that's weird. But I mean, I understand, I'm gonna read what he exactly said, because I think, oh, he said Tuesday, we come with 230. 330. I'm a little burnt out from filming and training, but I would love to see you and chat with you, man. I just asked Hunter if you could come training the Jimmy said, yeah. So we'll show up. And if he doesn't want to be filmed, we won't film him. I'm sure Hunter would rather get film the not filmed. And if neither of them want to be filmed, then we'll just get a lift in without filming. We'll just talk about it beforehand. Maybe you film my sets or not at all, you know, but I definitely don't want to over stay at their welcome or offend anybody when they're doing this a favor and letting us train there, especially because we're getting the RBNB there so that we can spend five days there. Yeah. Because maybe Terrence is only there one day and the other day is whatever. But it's cool. So we got, we're Kifonabarbicube plays. Normally you go out after a show and you have a meal, but I wanted to save it for newer leaves, but since we're not going in newer leaves, it's either we eat now And then everything's closed by the time we get to the next place to refill, or we eat in large meal now. And then I've still got two meals for the road for later. So even though Popeyes is less in a minute away, it would take us 10 minutes to walk there. And we'd be sweating mass by the time we get there. Yeah. And people are like, why the fuck would you be Popeyes? It's like, it's the closest thing I've ever had to Southern food. It's Popeyes, until today. We're in Alabama. You ever had bow jangles? No, dude. Ready to charge. Cart-charging, clippin' not ready. What the fuck? And now what's stuck in here? Oh, you let me fucking kidding me. Oh boy, Todd versus Carr, who will win? There's two-thlock-in-one charging, but this won't dislodge. Get the fuck out of my car. Oh, no, this is not fucking happening. Do you want me to... Do something, because I'm not fucking punch this thing right off. So normally you push down, and this is the really... Yes. And then it's charging these other two vehicles. Feels like this button is just kind of fucked. There, guys. Came right out. You got it out. Okay, cool. Yep. Just stay out. I'm gonna find a different charger. That could have been really bad. Do things we all know. And the game of Todd versus Carr, no one wins. Dickies, barbecue pit, they can't be it. No, Dick Russells. It says it's a 20-minute walk. Fuck that, we're waiting. Ah, I'm glad these ladies help, but I was seriously about to punch the fucking handle right off. That was making me so mad. See, I intentionally did not take my afternoon orals before the restaurant, because I didn't want to lose my shit on the waitress or some shit. Because everyone in the South is friendly. So my personality would never go over in the South. I've got that East Coast personality. All right. It says eight hours drive to the Airbnb from here, and at least we get to be there for several days. Because you said it was six days, you booked it for? Yeah. So that's Monday through what? Sunday? Yeah. Yeah, you bought us a whole week. Cool. Oh, it looks authentic, it's shit. Chicken and dumplings. Yeah, it looks really authentic. Yeah, I didn't want us to just go to a chain. It doesn't look nice. It looks authentic. Yeah. I was afraid it was going to be like a fancy restaurant. Pardon? Yeah. This is a car running. Uh, Dr. Todd Lee's Anabolic University. Dr. Todd Lee's Anabolic University. Speld out, yeah, or DR. What it doesn't matter, it'll come up Lee. Yeah. Anabolic. Yeah. Yep, that's me. Got you, my friend. Tracey Mock. Todd, nice to meet you. That's amazing. I was just saying, it's one of the day that I don't really believe him, but these batteries are going to die in eight. That's not 60. Wow, so it's nine years old and you're 94%. That's amazing. I was just saying to him that the day that I don't really believe him, but these batteries are going to die. And eight years, because the cars aren't barely even eight years old yet. So how many? I mean, we got a 2020 Model 3 performance. It's an 88%. Oh, wow. I mean, so what do you got me to do, right? Yeah, what are you going to do? Yeah, it's so awesome. It's a 88% fantastic. It is fun though. Awesome. Right now on the use market, these kind of things, they're out there and they're good deals and free charging. Yeah. This is one of the ones that had the transferable, free charging. Wow. It's a free charging. It can bring premium connectivity and all that kind of stuff too. So it's awesome. It's fun. What's it's zero to 64.1? No, it's 3.5. Oh, shit. That's really fast. It's a ludicrous plus on this one. Oh, really? So yeah, it's decked out with the whole everything. I've never done a little bit of Christmas before. Mine's only 4.8. But it's like my daily commute. It's my dog horror. It does. It's awesome. It's best car I've ever had. Nice to meet you too, man. Thank you. Thank you for your service. So here it is. By the way, we keep played. By the cute pork plate. Large pork platter. I don't understand the difference. Sausage plate. Beef plate, pork plate. But then there's platter. Pork platter. Beef platter. Sausage platter. I kind of want all that. I want to try all of it. Super seafood platter. Oyster, stuff crab, fish, filet can have most of that stuff. Pushed puppies. I like hush puppies. They be back rib. That's what I want. So they're open til 8. We want to let it charge all the way. Or do we want to go get food then come back and charge the rest for our trip. That's good. They're only open til 8. Yeah. Holy shit. Alright, so now how do we get there? Russell's barbecue. Point five miles. Let's do it. Half a mile. And then see if it's 20 minutes to walk it. Oh, I'm so excited. So you got barbecue ribs. You feel like running this red. Yeah. And then they got other barbecue stuff. Do you want to do that? Get ribs. And the platter. That's what I was. And just we'll try each try whatever they got. Yeah. That's the move. Are you thinking about running this red? Yeah, I've been thinking about it. But I saw cop drive past your earlier. And I don't know how long this life's going to be. But it seems to go really long. So we have an hour and 20 minutes to half of my way. This car is slowing down. So we're going to half a mile. But it's three stop. I choose it's grace. Yeah. Then I can, we're going. We're not. We're running red lights if we have to. I'm not. The south is rude to wear a hat in a restaurant. So let's see what the fuck have those. Alright. Talking roll bitches. We're here. This looks like a dump. I love it. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. It's fucking nuts. We're missing the mouth them here. Except for my mashed potatoes. But I do have the third. I don't think I can get the third though. Can we get it by the chicken? Yeah, we do get it. I don't know. We got to get a little bit of everything, right? Hopefully they give us dark meat for the chicken. I'm going to see if I can tell her that. Right. We got plenty of biscuits. This looks good. And garlic bread. Mmm. Oops. I'm using it. Well, here's our napkins. Sweet. Alright. Oh. Yeah. This looks fantastic. Chicken. Can I take all the ribs? Not here some ribs. I think for you. I'm going to cook you some ribs because I think that's your lot of ribs. I don't know what the beef is and what the pork is. This must be the beef. Mmm. Yeah. So good. And the ribs are good. Yeah. So good. And the ribs seem like they're fall off the bones too. Yep. I barely touched it with my fork and it was just gone. So if you never had calf fish before, if you've never had it before, I recommend trying a fried calf fish. There's no liposos. I hope so, but you're quite a fine ask because otherwise it has like a very strong particular flavor that people find polarizing. I like it. But, male. Yes, I. I think we know we're going to get it. Okay. This is delicious. So we're going to go with the full slab of ribs. Definitely a more biscuits for sure. Also, I've never had calf fish before. So yeah, I've never been down south before. So we wanted to come to the most down south place we can find in this one. So I'm here. So the calf fish you wanted to try to drill. Right. Definitely. This is that come with hush puppies. I'll write it up. Counts with two sides. Okay. What didn't we get? Do you want to share this and get more stuff? Yeah, we're going to keep ordering through it. I don't care. All right. So what sides didn't we get? We didn't get them at. We got them at. She got them at. She got them at. She got them at. She got them at. She got them at. She got them at. No. I'm trying to find some fried duck for that. Okay. That's what I need. You've told me what you didn't all eat it. If that's our favorite meal. Yeah. Sweetie. Are you game for sweetie? Sure. Sweetie. Alright. Yeah. Yeah. Target sauce would be awesome. You're rich. You want to just a full rack of rich. And I would size with it. Or you want to do a large rib. I'll do the larger rib dinner and then for. Well, which size we're going to get. Can we just get a lot of biscuits? Is this a sense? Yeah. But you can get biscuits. You're going to get biscuits with it. But you're still going to get your salad. All right. So if we're getting the okay and the. Turn of greens. Turn of greens. What's in your toss salad? Just let us eat this. Just let us eat this. Okay. Um, we can go with it. Do you like corn sauce? No. We go on more beans more mash. All right. Tain of salad. So it's good to eat. Tain of salad. Yeah. It's great. Or some string beans. No. I'll go with the baked beans. I'll bake beans. And I'll write. And more biscuits. Fantastic. Thank you. Thank you. What's your name? I'm a man. Then I'm tired. Make some meat. Nice to meet you. I'm going to turn this in and then I'll come back and pick up some dark. Fantastic. Thank you. What this is. Mmm. So this is a pork shoulder. Oh, this is pork chicken. I don't want to take all of it here. Here's some more chicken for you. Even the chicken is good. Okay. Cocktails are the best. All right. It's the best time with your biscuits. That's you. Oh. Have a good one. For how many pitch preserves? Ooh. That's a delicious. It sounds amazing. Oh, so run. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Very good for you. Do the south is fucking wild. I don't believe here for five years. And the food was just insane. I wasn't sure where you wanted to stop. I know everywhere in Georgia, Tennessee, especially. I think there were a lot of places in Alabama. But it's been nearly as much time here. So this is a sweet tea. Yeah. I'll herb it. Yeah. It's pretty fucking wild. There's no one here. It's much better than my diet pop. The best food in the world is hungry. Hungry and turkey is a really good one. But this is delicious. I love restos. Oh, my. And this plant, I think, killed this plant. I don't think there's anything left on this plant. These beans are fucking amazing. The mashed potatoes are amazing. And I know we didn't hit 3000 calories between Monday and Tuesday. Combine might have been 2200 calories. I said we didn't hit that on Friday or Saturday. I don't think so. I was even what 1500 calories, 1800 calories, leading into the show. From then I've been even 2100 since the show. I don't think this is going to turn to a lot of fat. Yes, the body's prepared to turn gross and flat. But I don't want to waste these. They're going to get cold. All right. Here we go. So that's the slab of ribs. Awesome. Awesome. Catfish. All right. Yeah. Thanks, Alex. Okay, cool. So you need to get rid of that plate because you need this plate now. Yeah. Yeah. All right. And then that's more beans. Awesome. So what are these right here? It's fried eggs. Yeah. Okay, got you. Yeah. So I can if you'll take, I don't know, do you like spicy food? I sometimes. If you'll take some of that pepper sauce and sprinkle it on their greens right there. Mm-hmm. That's the way to do it, huh? All right. All right. Put this for you. I just wanted to try it. Oh, shit. All right. All right. Mmm. Looks good. It's good. It's good. It's amazing. Thank you. It's fried characters. Way by way of fried pot. Well, I've had barbecue in Texas when it is nothing like this. It's barbecue in Texas is like dry. The rib, like everything's bad. Yeah. It's funny because that's what Texas is known for in this barbecue. And it's not good. It's not like this. This is amazing. We got this place called Happy Speed Some. We got fried Chad Fish. They've got rib like this. I would say Happy's Pizza and Detroit is a close listening to this. I feel like I got to tell them what I'm going to do. You're not sharing a barbecue sample with water. Then we split a rack of baby back ribs. We'll be split in an order of fried catfish. And then we try each of their sides. Yeah. We'll always split some of our peach cobbler. Peach cobbler? No, we didn't. I mean, this really wasn't that much damage. I had one piece. I had, I think, six baby ribs. Topps. A few pieces of brisket. A few pieces of pork. I said a chicken drumstick. I said the one piece of catfish. And I had three biscuits. And then a little, I taste it some sides. I have to accept a feet. There's still food on the table. I'll take the collar greens and the beans home. Yeah, I think we did pretty good though. Yeah, I know they're good. We did pretty good. These were delicious. I would love to take these and the beans at the potato salad home. Okay, I'll get you some more. All right, cool. I think really sharking alligator tail. All right, I will have to give that a shot before we go back to North. So right now we, I need to throw from Detroit down to Sarasota, then to Miami. Now we're passing through here on our way to Houston. Then we're going to Dallas, the Santonio, and back to Daytona, the Atlanta, then Arkansas, then we're going back home. Or Vegas. Or Vegas. I left it by this one year, about a year and a half. It's nice because he doesn't like the dry heat. And in Tony, I got him to make sure you got it to Riverwall. Riverwall. It's so pretty. I will. It's beautiful. Awesome. Thank you for the delays. I follow. And thank you for the most. I don't know, got much. I left in Houston for 12 years. I can stay in that place. Really? Yeah, I did it. Well, how come? I'm just didn't like it for real. Just what my cup of tea looks. You know what I mean? I guess because I'm here. I don't know. It's really different. Like all it's you want to be in games. Well, that's that, good. All right. I'll take my kids away. Yeah, Detroit's got a lot of gangs too, but we stay away from those people. Daytona. You have to guide the boardwalk, and they don't. Really? On the beach. Yeah. Sounds like fun. Yeah, cool. Well, check it out. Sarah said, I live there for a little while, but I was working a lot, so I didn't get to date ranch. Well, you're just a regular tour guide. Well, he should have brought you with us sooner. Yeah, we actually were listening to Sarah's soda. Yeah, that's what I mean. She paid attention to everything I said. And she's been everywhere I've been. Just now. Yeah, that's awesome. Yeah, that's fine. Thank you, man. I'm going to take this out of my shirt. Thank you. I wasn't sure when you got to have something. But it's just amazing. Yeah, I'm so glad I wasn't on a bunch of worlds in Brudet. Yeah. I mean, a friend. I hate my personality and the world. You were phenomenal. Thank you. I'm so enjoyed. It's awesome for you. Thank you. Yeah, well. All right. I'm definitely like, you'll be a biscuit sum before we bow. All there's still warm too. Pop eyes you have to ask them like, what you got? And they're like, we can catch shit. I remember one cell is a little high on it. I stopped to the Popeyes and it was in like a crowded building. And there's like a line. And I was like, oh my god, you guys have food. And everyone's stopping and like, you're like, what? Like, this is Popeyes right? I've backed up and I looked and they're like, yeah. I was like, you actually have food. They're like, what do you mean? I'm like in Detroit when you go to Popeyes. You're like, what you got? And they're like, we ain't got shit. They make it. And they make it slow. Once I waited 45 minutes for my Popeyes to be. Order me a done. And the first thing that was done was cold by the time the second thing came up. Who needs dessert when you got biscuits and honey? And the Popeyes, you get like, one biscuit. And they won't let you order biscuits as a side dish. This was so good. I don't want to let go. Oh, that got to do it. Well, that's just none of my business. I had to. It's Kermit drinking sweet tea. But you basically say that Jordan Peterson sounds like Kermit the Frog. His voice. Yeah, his voice. But here's the best part, right? So when they've got Kermit drinking sweet tea, saying, well, that's none of my business. So that basically, it's a game for a black woman. So then they started using the Kermit meme. Just Kermit for Jordan Peterson. Then Jordan Peterson got the label of the racist. So I just thought about the only thing I should say, Greta, back Houston is they do got a great thing. They have a what? Great, too. Oh, okay. I like animals. I don't think they're Jordan Peterson. Yeah, so we got a shovel. You guys are other people who are using his face with the meme. Is it 830? Are you guys closed? No, okay, cool. The only thing is funny when you say search, who is teenager, and they look at you like you're crazy. You know, if you don't just be a fly pro, if I'm in the south, everyone is certain, man. I haven't been like full, like full, full. Since March. Well, think about it. I've been dying since before the Detroit probe. Since the Arnold really, I was dying at the Arnold. We, yeah. Did we have a single cheat meal when we were at the Arnold? No. I ain't clean as fuck that whole time. I think the last of my head of dirty meal. That's not, that's not what you know. No, like, I think the last dirty meal I had was September of last year. I think it's been a year since I've had a dirty meal. January of 2024. I had ribs. Because I was in Texas. No, no, no. I definitely had a lot of treat meals. After the Texas probe, I went off the deep end. This is enough for me. I'm gonna wash my hands. And, you know, I didn't really have it to this, really. I've been this with so bad. Now time to practice my vacuums. I said no, whatever. So we gotta remember to charge the car because we did a abort mission. So I have the idea. It's your idea. Because it's 50 windstrawl 25 anniversary. 20 to maximum per day. Rather than doing 50 windstrawl in the morning and being a jerk, and then 25 anniversary later, I'm doing, but the reason why wasn't breaking all in half was because I didn't have a container. So I took one of these empty pill bottles. And so in the morning now, I'm breaking all the pills in half, taking half of them. And then I carry this around with me and then 12 hours later, I'll take the rest of it. Which I just did. So this will digest really slow. Normally I would do it a half an hour before I ate, so that it would hit harder and faster. But I don't want it to hurt hard and fast because I hate my personality when I'm on a roll. So maybe this way, it won't even be noticed. I've been hungry for so long. I forgot a lot of that was just because I was hungry. Like the fact that I wanted to punch the Tesla charger because it was broken, I would never do something violent ever. But I've been hungry for so long under 150 carbs a day for like 16 weeks now, I think. I just because you're on a reddit, you don't have the appetite, but you're still hangry all the time. So I finally am full and I have my old personality back, and I feel like kind of crying about all of the times I heard people's feelings over the past nine months. And this is something I choose to do, so it's not like acceptable. You know, like I put myself in a state where I can hurt people, and they really bothers me. I think that bad ones to eat you. Three biscuits, one small piece, garlic bread, some baked beans, mashed potatoes, whole teat toes. Okay, I'm so bad at smelling. And a potato salad. So the some type of texture time when I had one fried catfish, filet, it wasn't the whole fish. Six tiny ribs, one barbecue drumstick, two pieces of pork shoulder, about three ounces, three ounces of brisket, two hush puppies, three biscuits, a small piece of garlic bread, some baked beans, mashed potatoes, potato salad, colored greens. Did I have something else that I forgot? The hot spot piece, no crap. I didn't mention the old Kirk because it's so tiny. It's like one bite. All right, there's at least some time the truth. So guilty. I'm so guilty. And one and twelve, 16 ounces, sweet tea. I've never had Southern food before. At least he'll know what I did. He'll see that I didn't have dessert. If I ran over a homeless person with my car, I'd feel this bad. A lot of people can't deal with the psychological damage it does to cheat on the diet. I want to lose people. He said, keep it clean like a steak and potatoes. This isn't, I wouldn't say this is clean, but it's an accounting. Like at this show, I told him I said, I had five Oreos. He said, get five Oreos. Look, I had five Oreos. He said, okay. If they were delicious, I think it was probably more like seven. I didn't mean to lie. I didn't mean to count correctly. We have eight hours of a drive ahead of us, and I'm pretty tired. Do we want to walk over that liquor store and get caffeine? Or do I want to just add some, a dessert or frenzy to my water? I'm down to go get some caffeine. Rather than a dessert or frenzy? Yeah. All right, let's go. I should have taken her up on that offer of the diet pop to go. That would have been 35 milligrams of caffeine. You've got the camera, but they talk to me. It's so weird. Sitting here in the couch and watching this TV is going to be a pain in the ass. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to move this table. Whoops. Stupid. We're going to move this table. It's where I can see the TV. And then I can, I'm going to move this bench. So that I can sit on a bench and watch TV while I eat. Whoops. That's a little horrible. We're going to put a chair up against that. Now we can watch TV. Well, we eat this kitchen. I haven't figured out for the light on the kitchen yet. So this seems like it's going to be a good place. It's only three hours from San Antonio. So we might just stay here the whole time. This was like 150 a night for fuck's sake, dude. The only thing that doesn't have is fast and cardio. But I saw park over there. So there might be a fitness center. It's a gated community that looks like town homes. They're like, they're a touch condos. And it's 10 minutes from Lebrado. So, you know, maybe there's a planet fitness as closer for fast and cardio. Maybe not. Look, there's a power strip right here. Fuck yeah. I can plug my CPAP in without having to be bust out my own power strip. What's up here? Is this like where? Ooh. That looks like that piece. I'm going to tall enough. Oh, wow. So the food I packed this morning smells like farts, but it does this smell like feet. So I still think I can sell you that. That's usually my rule. Because if you air it out, it'll stop smelling like farts. But if it smells like feet, it's always going to smell like feet. Close. I did the laundry at the last place that this morning. So we don't have to do laundry again yet. I hope there's tide pods or some shit. That's some really nice stuff. Look out. All right, this is really empty. Let's go take those. All right. Portion powder. This is rice. This is Fender's Fury. Put this stuff away later. At least that might be a way of things are going. Rice cakes can go on the fridge. This is a pantry. This is locked. That this need no good. Everything's going to be easy, easy, easy. Probably not going to need this because these are all the sheets and towels for the competition. This is important. The cooler. Because we're going to take this with us everywhere we go. Groceries being delivered at 8 a.m. tomorrow for what I miss them. Which is peas and carrots. This rupture. All right. We're going to defrost this for the maro. Let's get enough. I'll wipe it down with some towels later. There's no handle here. So that's how well it is here. I always use a towel to dry my hands and never wipe stuff down. We got people towel in the car. This is for the bedroom. This will be the easiest one to break down. I'll sleep on this side up with my clothes on this side. Okay, here it is. So I put it away as one piece. So it'll be so easy. All right. So it's all one piece. So I can just... Now I wouldn't need this on set in fact. But I didn't know I wouldn't need it. So this can go here. Then the speaker. You know, is it ready plugged in? This is already ready to go plugged in to the C-pad. Which this doesn't provide enough room for. So we're going to leave the screen and put this down here. So I can reach down and turn the lamp on. And then I can put the C-pad here. All right. Don't need this yet. All right. This, I'm going to trip on this. I should probably remove this rug. All right. We're almost done with the important important stuff. Madison. One. Madison, two. Madison, two. Madison, break out the C-pad. Because this is for here. C-pad can go here. What's funny? Because it's so ghetto and old. Yeah, dear. It looks like a fucking... Yeah. It's like the C-pad can be fine with your Mark Walber getting dropped onto the planet of the eight. So it'll be like, oh, like you find the C-pad. That's a piece of the map. Let's see if it works. Well, there's missing pieces, too. So this is the filter. I only have one. And this, I don't know what this is, but there used to be a door here. I ripped it off one day because I was getting mad at it. This is something... I don't know what this does, but it falls out of sometimes. It's been set to five for six years. I don't know how to change it. This is where you're supposed to put water in. I think I've never done that. I've never put water in here. You don't put water? I've never put water in here. It doesn't work without water. It works just to wear it. There's an air that comes right out of there. It doesn't just have to never use water. I've never washed this. I've never cleaned it. It's nothing like a mold. It's got this little filter thing. Some have mentioned that. Lose this. Nice and dirty. You can put water in it. No. Not once. Not once. Not one fucking time. Why? Because it was like blowing louder in my fucking face. It was gross. It's like I was... Damn it. All right. We're in perilla. We're in perilla. I'll organize it later. So I know people are like, why don't you put your clothes away? It's like, as I can see them. So now I can just root through this shit and pick out the clothes. I want to wear that day. Here's my phone. So I can play the sounds of the Thunderstorm or listen to Conan the Barbarian or whatever the fuck I want to do this. Here's some... I've got like five hairs left. That's some stuff to glue it down. Here's some posing trunks. Here's a brush. Here's some more posing trunks. These ones are sparkly. This is from my shaver. When I plug it in here and it charges. And you're like, yeah, it's so... It's so if it works, huh? It's like, yeah, but I mean, I put them together. A lot of people, they don't like put their shit together. And then they lose it and it's not useful. What are we looking at now? Yeah. How about the video of this fucking... But do you see how fast I unpacked it and put it together? You want to see something even more fucked up? Look at... I've got a few old bit of functions in the extension. How are you? I did some extensions. Short, put it in a plug. Three devices, one of which is a power adapter. It basically just connects them to a core function. And then this table web. But that's... It's... It's... But I can just go like this. I'm plug it through that shit in there. Pack it with clothes, we're nothing breaks. And then I can do it again tomorrow if I had to. But we get to stay here for six whole night. This is just gypsy shit. I'm sure that's considered racist. Robots on the shit. Promotation. Alright, so what do we miss? Our bloodstreams need something quick. T3 for a long one. Alright. Viking tropeen. Here we go. Tom Sarton. That's for a long one. Ah. Sarah Quill. This is your Sarah Quill. That's 50. You should probably take that because you're going through withdrawals from that, taking it. Because we were supposed to take this hours ago. Ah. Fearing low thing in Houston. Or, I'll take two. I like how you didn't take it. You just pretended to. Because you're afraid of it. I still have to build a camera above. Dude, but you are going through withdrawals. Yes, but like, I was going through a withdrawals from other shit too. You were the one who's... You're going to get 708, snowing back in the game. Oh, you took that bullshit. What, win the strong T4? Get the fuck outta here, tell. Here in my way. To my ex-fin, that's for tomorrow. Ah. Tras-none. I just wanted to get one. Alright. It's a help me sleep. Because what time is it? It's four. Five in the morning by now. We have to be at the gym at 3.30. Viagro. That's for tomorrow. Forgot to slew. Alright, everything's good. We go. Now we're just going to... I'll just unpack the kitchen. But the bedroom's done. I got to take those bedtime pills. I have to organize those. I'll bring two cups in. Morning cup. And night time cup. Battle mead. And a backup sonress. Alright. I got some of the cards too. I think what we should do is show them the cool. We should definitely take the cool label tomorrow. I feel like an asshole showing up to a supplement company showing up my supplement though. Yeah. Maybe you shouldn't bring off the first day. Not the first day. And now for the first day. No, I want to do that if I subtract. Well, it depends on what your whip is going to be. This is a cool label. But like if you were going to whip something out on the first day, that would be what I would whip up. Ah. This honey's gross. Alright. I got to clean some of this shit. Oil and the salt exploded. Fucking awesome. Alright. I'm going to have to unpack everything. I'll organize it tomorrow. We got to find where the thermostat is because this is such a like called cut up. I don't understand why it's so fucking hot in here. Right behind the door. Find the back. What's it set to? 70 cents. Fuck it. Hell. It. It like 72 or something or less. Yeah. This is not cool though. We got to trim this down. But what the fuck? It's on cool. It's on auto. We turned it down to 74 is ridiculous.