Worry! You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. Hello, greetings and salutations. This is I, Dr. Todd Lee. I'm a medical doctor, I FBB pro and a biochemist. Which means I am the only guy who is these three things on the planet. That's speaks English. Maybe there's someone in other country that does. I don't think there is. So the DHB experiment continues. If you missed it, I had my blood work done in 417 with 80 testosterone and had a 7-b5 astrodial. There's a shortage of master on. I have master on, but I know you don't. So I wanted to help you out and find out just DHB when we make a suitable replacement for master on. Master on, of course, is not an AI because it doesn't have a double bond at position 1 and 2 in the A ring, like Primo and like EQ, which are both very strong, A-is. Now DHB is exactly the same thing as five alpha-reduced, hold a known. That's why it's called the DHB, die-hydro-bouldn't. And it also is very similar to Primo. Primo is just DHB with a toxic methyl group added to position 1. So on paper, there's absolutely no advantage of Primo over DHB. So I wanted to see as DHB actually an aromatase inhibitor. So I ran 10 milligrams, I got up to the loading dose with 20 and then was running 10. Had some preliminary blood work done in 5-11 and found a 107 astrodial. So my astrodial went up from a 75-107. That didn't make any sense. So I went back immediately and got it retested with ultrasound to the, this findings came back and with ultrasound to the on 5-15 after I think it was an equivalent of two weeks on 10 milligrams of DHB. I had a 55 astrodial. So 55 is lower than the initial astrodial of 75, meaning DHB could be a 10 milligrams of very mild AI. Now the other confounding variable in this really matters is I lost 8 pounds that month because I'm in prep. So that would imply that I could have had a decrease of 50 astrodial simply because my body fat went down. That 8 pounds of fat on me is 4% body fat. Great news. I am now partnered with Talon Wellness. Talon Wellness will be able to provide you your medication. So you get your consult with me. I will review the blood work you got through M&M labs and Talon will be the HRT clinic that will get you your medication delivered to your home. So there's nothing that changes on your part. All you do the same thing you get the consult with me. Link is in the description box and I take care of everything. It's just that now it is now a different HRT clinic and the lab process is going to be even smoother. The prices will also be lower than they were with the previous HRT company. So this is all good for everyone. You'll love it. Click the link in the description box to set up your consult today and on with the show. And I was only probably at 14%. So at 10% my aromatization is going to be much lower than 14%. Because aromatisms I'm located in the adipocytes or fat cells. So as you lose fat, your testosterone becomes more powerful. And so we don't know whether DHB is actually an AI. Now in the past I was able to knock a 200-down to 100-star dial using 20 milligrams of pre-moa day and using 30 milligrams of e-Q a day I was able to knock a 75 or 85 as should I all down to a 19. So it's extremely strong. Which one stronger? I didn't use the equivalent amount. So this time since I know how strong EQ was at 30, I up my DHB dose to 100 a day for three days. Then after three days I cut back to 30 a day. I did that because it was an ultra fast loading dose. I do not recommend this. Most people aren't smart enough to get the math right on this. So I know how to do loading doses and I know how to graph things in my head like a graphic calculator. Most people may not even believe me though I think that I'm lying. I actually can do that. So I can do the graphs in my head and figure out exactly where my blood work is supposed to be at at any given time, we're roughly and then I can estimate like I'm going to have a one-o-sad. I think I'd called shot at it with my DHT as I think my estrogen's going to be a 71. And she's like I love how you can call it and I care about to be a 75 or something like that. I just had an ultra sensitive done yesterday and when those results come back we will know whether 30 DHB is more suppressive or as suppressive as 30 EQ. Now another confining variable after I saw the 107 I took a three-day course of EQ just to stop down my estrogen. Now I got the blood drop on 515 for the ultra sensitive bones. So I didn't contaminate immediately after 515 when I had the blood retested ultra sensitive. I took a three-day course of EQ of 30 milligrams per day to crush the estrogen because I am on prep and even 75 is too high. So since the experiment in my mind was completely conducted I didn't need to continue and I could proceed with putting prep as a priority. When the results came back at 55 it was like well since I've already increased my GHB to 30 through doing 100 a day for three days I was like well I don't need the EQ anymore so I pulled the EQ. So this data that comes back from yesterday which would have been 530 is not going to be accurate. The estrogen will be much lower because of those three days of EQ than it would be if it was just DHB at 30. So I might report it on the final and fourth blood work draw which will be most likely on June 10th or June 16th. That's when the EQ will be completely out of my system based off of the pharmacogenetics. Then in June 15th I will have data that would avoid the EQ simply the 30 DHB unless I end up increasing it by that point and we will see whether 30 DHB lowers the blood work more than 10 DHB and if that's the case DHB is in fact an AI. But it looks like if I was just to take the data itself at face value we have a few options either DHB is not an AI which doesn't make sense because it's part of a family of AI's and I lost 20 as you dial from fat loss alone or the 20 E2 loss came from the 10 DHB which would probably be the amount I would lose if I use 10 Primo or 10 EQ. All right thank you I hope you enjoyed this have a wonderful day.