You're watching Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. Hello, I'm Todd Lee. I'm a medical doctor. I have BV Pro Bodybuilder and Biochemist. When I'm about to tell you, I shouldn't tell you. In fact, you should probably put your mom up on. Unless you're ready to hear something that is not appropriate for kids, it is the high energy fat loss stack. So this is the easiest prep I've ever been on. And through the encouragement of Dominic Kuza, I tried a few drugs that I would not normally try. And one of the things I noticed is this specific combination of drugs is that it came out to have a ton of energy. So I'm sort of being cracked out like I don't do stimulants really. So there's a little bit of clenin there. I do 20 milligrams of clen when I wake up. But I've never had a problem with clenclen never really bothered me. It's bothers some people. But remember, I'm a zero caffeine type of guy. I was able to fix my sleep cycle so that I'm going to bed about 11 p.m. midnight and waking up about 7 a.m. 8 a.m. every morning, which allows me on the normal, circadian rhythmist of humans, taking advantage of quarters of all during the right periods of time. That's a different video. And I will get to that probably tonight. But I wanted to give you the good stuff first. So the high energy fat loss stack is 20 milligrams of clenin. I know it's something maybe doseable. You do enough drugs and low enough doses. You get all the benefits and unside effects. One milligrams of redder fix my diet beaties. Now that doesn't mean that it's going to help you. But a lot of you won't have appetite and you won't cheat on your diet with the redder. And I do redder at the end of a high day. So if Mondays and Fridays are my high days, I take one milligrams of redder at the end of my Monday and Friday. So I know I'm the everyday guy. I see do everything every day in from muscular with an insulin pin. This is the exception because in the off season, I probably would microdolls redder. But because I'm in contest prep, I have a starb cycling. And that carb cycling is keeping my thyroid active. So don't even ask if I'm using thyroid meds. I get my thyroid tested every week. It's always above 3.0. So because of the carb cycling, I don't have to use thyroid meds. So redder allows me to not cheat on my diet on my low days. Then when it wears off after three days or so, that's when I'm hungry that happens to be my next high day. So matcy 1 milligram, it makes my matacondria more efficient. And the slune SLUPP332, I do 250 of those with every meal and I have four meals. So I haven't actually gotten up to four of those yet. I'm only at three. But the bottom line is that the slupy helps feed the whole system. It's working on these orphan estrogen receptors that estrogen doesn't bind to. And nothing else does either. So we just had these receptors just sitting there doing nothing this whole time. So they finally came up with an agonist that works on them. And that this facilitates the what I understand, the mitochondria being also stimulated to produce energy from fat. So we've got the clan liberating the fat from the fat cells. That the fat gets normally transported by alcarnity. I do 600 milligrams of is it milligrams? So kind of milligrams of alcarnity. So the clan liberates the fat from the fat cells. The clan transports it to the mitochondria. This slupy makes mitochondria rim faster. And the matcy makes mitochondria more efficient. And I have so much fucking energy throughout the day that I'm able to run like four businesses and do contest prep. We're normally I barely be able to do contest prep. And my businesses were just going to shit. And I have to rely on other people to run them. I'm going to say it again. So for those of you who are not very good at attention. All right. Here's your TLDR version aka a real high energy fat law stack is 1 milligram a red of two tied at high carb days. 1 milligram not see in the morning. SLU PP332 would I call slupy 250 micrograms and then titrate up to maybe 750 or 1000. I haven't and 600 milligrams of alcarnity. Get it from Chase Iron Fitness. Um, cold is full our word. And then 20 micrograms of clan in the morning. So every one of these things is taking the morning except for the slupy is taken with each meal. And the redta is taken after the end of your high carb day. And the point of the high carb day when you're dieting is so that you can maintain your normal thyroid function even though in a calorie deficit. One thing I want to point out, you could take slupy fasted. So when you wake up, if you're going to do fasted cardio, which you probably should, then I would personally suggest you take wrath of alcary because wrath of alcary does every single one of these things. It does the fat liberation with sinephrin. It transforms the fat to them mitochondria with um alcarnity. It stimulates the fat and the mitochondria with caffeine. I don't like using caffeine, but I know a lot of you do. And then at T2 works as a mitochondrial and coupler. So it works like M15, which is the new version of it, or like trend or like DMP, only the T2 is something that your body naturally produces when it's decomposing the T3. It just does it stick around long enough. So it's secondly a natural supplement because it occurs in your body so I can use it. So I know you're thinking, well, why would I even bother with the wrath of alcary if I get all those other shit? The wrath I made to be like the glue that holds the puzzle pieces together. So we're going to liberate the fat from the fat cells, move it to the mitochondria, have the mitochondria of work faster and more efficiently. And that's how you burn more fat. And then unlike with an uncopler, where you just lose it as heat, which would be great if you're dieting the winter, but it sucks in the summer. It's just you have bones of energy, which means you can get more cardio in, more steps in, or have more efficient workouts in the gym. So try this out. If you want, if you're scared and you don't know how, get a consult and I'll decide which parts of it are actually appropriate for you. Because obviously you would have to be on antibiotics to be able to not lose muscle on this. The beta receptors are only stimulated in the presence of energians and there's a lot more to the story than just this. But for if you're already on HRT, if you're ready one of my patients, if you're ready one of my coaching clients, then ask me which one of these is right for you. And we can start to fine tune your fat loss phase if you're in a fat loss phase. I figured this announcement would be better. I would never have used this stuff if it wasn't for the encouragement of down Kuza and he is so smart, I trusted him, and I'd believe he was right. I added each one of these one at a time over this bed of months. And I found that they work synergistically in this amount. If you've got questions, make sure to ask them in the comments. And if you want to hear from me directly, something personal, like your personal health, not general questions, personal stuff, you gotta get a consult. I can't talk about you. Personal medical advice in the comments section. Only I'm a phone. All right, have a great day. May the force be with you. Great news. I am now partner with Talon Wellness. Talon Wellness will be able to provide you your medication. So you get your consult with me. I will review a blood work you got through M&M labs and Talon will be the HRT clinic that will get you your medication delivered to your home. So there's nothing that changes on your part. All you do the same thing. You get the consult with me. Link is in the description box. And I take care of everything. It's just that now it is now a different HRT clinic and the lab process is going to be even smoother. The prices will also be lower than they were with the previous HRT company. So this is all good for everyone. You'll love it. Click the link in the description box. It's at up your council today and on with the show.