Worry! You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. Conclusion to the DHB experiment. So the final results, I'm going to make this really simple because all the details were not important in the end, what really matters is the final result. So the good, the good is that the transcription of DHB is 200 to 400 percent that of testosterone. Whereas trend blown is 500 to 700 percent that up to testosterone. Mastron is about 80 to 120. So Mastron is about a strong testosterone. DHB is about two to four times stronger than testosterone. And trend is about five to seven times stronger than testosterone. Primo is 60 to 80 percent as strong as testosterone. So on top of Primo being in AI, it's also weaker than Mastron for growing muscle. This is a fact. And all the idiots out there have Mastron and Primo confused. They say Mastron is the AI and Mastron's weaker and their fucking stupid and run. There is only one right way in is the way that I told you. Mastron is the perfect antibiotic because it is not an AI. Now the bold and own super family are all basically AI. So EQ is a very strong AI. Primo is a strong AI. The determinant purpose of this experiment was determined if DHB is in fact an AI. Or is it not an AI and it's a good replacement for Mastron in this Mastron shortage. So I ran the experiment for 60 days. So I started at zero and after 30 days of being at 10 milligrams a day, my astridial dropped from a 75 to a 55. Now I also lost fat at that amount of time. And when you lose fat, you're going to lose aromatase. Aromatase, the enzyme is located in the fat. So as you lose fat, you're going to lose aromatase which means your estrogen's going to go down just from losing fat. The good news is this that after the first checkpoint of 30 days, I increased the dose immediately. I did a loading dose of 100 milligrams a day for three days. And then pulled back to 30. So I was immediately at steady state concentration of 30. And I stayed at 30 for a full month. And at the end of that month, my astridial was 58. So at 10 DHB, it was 55 at 100 DHB, it was 58. DHB did not lower my estrogen. Therefore, DHB is not an AI. I had even double check something. I ran EQ for three days in the middle and 30 EQ for three days, which is basically steady state of 10 EQ, not my astridial from that 55 down to a 38. So just to test the waters that 10 EQ drops 55 to 38. But tripling DHB to 30 did not drop. So there's no way shape or form that one could conclude from this data. Now it's any equals one. It's just me. But with mechanistic data, there's no room for interpretation. It's cut and dry. Now we have outcome data. It's an equals one outcome data. But I'm 100% convinced that yes, EQ is a very strong AI. And DHB is not an AI. And there's never a reason to use Primo because DHB is basically four to seven times stronger than Primo at a milligram per milligram basis for growing muscle. So considering it's half the price and it's four to seven times stronger, that means Primo is eight to 14 times the price of equivalent amount of antibiotic effect from DHB. And it's also an AI. So if you want an AI, use EQ since quarter of the EQ converts to DHB anyway. That's what DHB is. It's die hydropoldinone. It's the five alpha reduced form of boulder known. Primo is DHB with a one methyl group added. It's a methyl group added to carbon one. And that does nothing for it. But basically makes it an AI. And it also makes it slightly liver toxic. Here's the bad. That going from zero to 10 DHB increased my GGT, which is the marker for liver damage. All of you guys who think AST and Aaltere liver enzymes, you're wrong. You learn that from stupid as doctors. If your doctor's so fucking stupid that he thinks AST and Aaltere liver enzymes, you should fire him and hire me. He doesn't know what he's doing. I do. GGT is how you measure liver damage in our population. And it went from a 24 to a 37. Still within normal late range. I was still healthy. But when I went from 10 to 30, it jumped up to 86, which is not acceptable. Now, could I have been doing things to make that less extreme? I could have been doing Tudka. I could have been taking NAAC. I could have been doing liposomal glutathione. I could have been injecting glutathione. I could have been getting IV glutathione. I did nothing to protect my liver. And I was also on treet. Now, according to Nova, the treen amplifies the liver toxic effects of DHB exponentially. So that treen plus DHB is the world's greatest combination for building muscle, but it's also the world's worst combination for your liver. So, Mike, take home points. If you're going to run DHB, don't mix it with treen. So you don't cut with DHB. You cut with treen. If you don't use treen in the offseason, because the speed of your metabolism might make it hard to sleep, etc. So in the offseason, you're better off running DHB instead of treen. And you could probably get away with 20 milligrams of DHB per day. You might be able to get away with 30. If you're doing all the liver precautions possible, who knows? Maybe you could even get away with 40. Although most experts say that the upper limit, like broadrichshavas is probably the world's expert on DHB. He said, it's three times more powerful of an anabolic. Nova says it's between two to four times the transcriptional activity. The average of two and four is three. So it aligns with what broadrich says. And he also said the only thing stronger than DHB is treen. Also aligns with the transcriptional activity. So broadrichs, I'm point with that. What I would do is run 10 DHB. If you're safe, go up to 20. If you're safe, start using liver precaution stuff like IV glutathione, Tudka, NAC, run it up to 30. Possibly. If you still have good GGT, then you might even be able to handle 40. Although I don't know anybody who endorses more than 30 milligrams of DHB a day. That's 200 a week, 200 weeks pretty much upper limit. Remember, 200 a week at DHB is equivalent to 400 to 800 of testar master on. So it's extremely strong. Adding just 200 DHB in would be like adding an average of a 600 master on. Remember, test converts into DHT. It converts into estrogen and increases LDostrum. Test is the dirtiest drug possible for an anabolic steroid. That's why you run it as a TRT base. You don't raise it above your TRT levels. Once your DHT is capped out or your estuctions capped out, you don't keep adding tests. You don't add things to control DHT or estrogen. You lower your tests where you can handle the DHT in the estrogen and you just rely on growth hormone and master on to grow. But if you've got horrible cholesterol, DHB is a better first option. If you've got a bad liver, master on it's a better first option. In the cases where you don't care about DHT because you're ready bald, then I could see you running a lot of tests in EQ because the EQ is going to convert to DHB and the DHB you get from EQ doesn't seem to trash the liver the same. The reason why you can't just run a lot of EQ is because it's going to cut down on your estrogen and you need the estrogen to convert GH to IGF1. If any of this is confusing to you, you didn't watch any of the videos in the most important shit playlist. Go watch the most important shit playlist. Immediately, thank you. Great news. I am now partner with Talon Wellness. Talon Wellness will be able to provide you your medication so you get your consult with me. I will review the blood work you got through M&M labs and Talon will be the HRT clinic that will get you your medication delivered to your home. So there's nothing that changes on your part. All you do the same thing you get the consult with me link is in the description box and I take care of everything. It's just that now it is now a different HRT clinic and the lab process is going to be even smoother. The prices will also be lower than they were with the previous HRT company. So this is all good for everyone. You'll love it. Click the link in the description box to set up your consult today and on with the show.