You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV, where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. You're a clear place. Yeah, no, all this stuff is fantastic. Yeah, and it's a little bit of an equipment nerd. I guess he kind of showed everything's him. I've been watching a train for about six, seven years now. And I know that you haven't been putting stuff out lately on your channel. Yeah, I kind of took a hand, it's from all things public. I thought that's 10 or 11 months, I didn't know. So when I was coming out today, and I was like, I don't think he's going to want it. We got filmed training and stuff. You mean a year, like, yeah. Yeah. Getting back to it now, definitely getting the YouTube fire back up. And just having to deal with bolts, so I'm coming to stuff for them. All right, sweet. Time to get back out and public out. It was nice taking a little time to myself for the picture. Well, I'd love to get a train session in with you before I leave town. I'm going to leave Sunday. Okay, so unfortunately, I'm off Wednesday, and then Thursday, I fly out the Phoenix. All right, I think the body will be fixed. Okay. So make it happen again sometime. Well, I'm doing the San Antonio Pro. Okay. I just did the Florida Pro. Okay. And I'll be passing through here again on the 21st or 22nd. Okay, I think we're around then. All right, cool. Come through and catch a little deeply work out. Yeah, that'd be perfect. We've got Detroit. Okay. We met at the Detroit Pro the year before. Yeah. That was a fun weekend there. Yeah. So I've just wrapped it up here. You only do back and chest and delts. And then the next day, I was doing arms and legs. And then this evening's here. And so as well. But now I've split it up. So I do back and chest and delts. Then arms is kind of like an active rest day. Then I do legs. But yeah, you've got the best equipment. I appreciate that man. Yeah, it's been a five year work and proud. You're asking me to have everything that I want. So yeah. And I love the card idea. Yeah, that's nice for sure. Yeah. Things you can do to prime a gym. You can't do the public. Okay. Well, you inspired me to like do this too one day. Okay. On the size table right here. Yeah. And this so asked thing on the size table. Now you guys have been here for four years, right? You've been here five years. God, this is big. Wow. Did your dad have this bill to resist already in these? I don't know. You have a library. All right, guys. So welcome to the route in the Trishon. You all have seen the gym. But one of the give you all a tour of the rest of the building. Starting on the warehouse. So we recently opened up our second warehouse. The second warehouse is exclusively for truckloads of RTDs. If it's less than a truckload, it comes out of this warehouse. And if it's anything else we'll make it comes out of this warehouse. So have a decent size warehouse space here. In addition to that, I also have all my personal apparel and merchandise here all the way to the day stuff. So that gets shipped out of here as well. And on this kind of bringing off through here. Can see. They can pack areas right here. Got all of the RTDs ready to be grabbed in a moment's notice. Now you launched your signature line. Was it four years ago? Four years ago. Yeah. And you're lying this premium. You made it yourself. You would use. I used nothing but it. I used it. I used it a new RTD preware house. He used it a way out into the wild right now. Okay cool. Oh, that was the first. Oh, that was awesome. Oh, for sure, man. Are they all similar to a non-stem? They're all stiff. Okay. We were just having that conversation yesterday that I pre-work out RTD would probably have a lot of sediment. And so you probably have to shake it. I've literally had to work with that suddenly for a while, but it's pretty subtle. And obviously guys did it for view, but you can see these two big glass doors go straight into the gym. It makes it very convenient for playing gym equipment Tetris, which we actually did recently. We've got a six new pieces and then move some stuff out. All of this stuff is actually going over to the second warehouse that we have opened. So all of those boys over there had a really nice gym for themselves as well. That's awesome. You guys are the ones that started it, then a full on to it. And it's like now the dream. And then this is just where we staged all of the RTD orders out of. So anything that's actually on the floor right now will all be gone by two o'clock in the afternoon tomorrow. So wow. Oh, this will get good. Wow. And we're typically running 15, 20, even 30 trucks a day sometimes normal days with this point. And how many units go on each truck? I'm sure you're looking. I'm going to tell you something about how many tops. And so now we are back to the gym. I'll give you all the little run through on the top of the real foot. The bigger the gym conference rooms in here. So we're all the management. So take a look at the menu. So we need the large capacity for getting air to ease on the wall. Yeah. Front lobby. Got a little flux space slash small conference room right here. And then we're really proud of this. This is actually Brown and Fration's Mission statement. We've had this up on the wall and whatever building we've been in since the inception of the company. So this is really near and near to our hearts. And this is actually the mega trance of your visitor or the owners of the boy and some free family nice little lobby area. Downstairs we have the finance department, the accounting department and HR and the upstairs we have the upper level management along with the sales team. So pretty all upstairs. Show you all the awesome. This is beautiful the rock garden. Yeah, I know that it's a great job of that. That's a little bit of body. Well, you guys, you guys are all leaves on your pedals for my view. Yeah. It's so, so full circle that Lee was parents' inspiration and then now parents this here. And then obviously this is second time for each room. This is my favorite of the two conference rooms just to the test. The little viewing gallery for the gym. It's a, the final little touch. This is awesome. Well, you always jokes about that gym being his golf course. You will take a take this meeting. So people in training with the mistake of a play golf step. It's awesome. Nice. A lofty through the office area. You know, we're down the stairs, the kitchen and that's about all the cool stuff. It's beautiful. You even got art and all the cubicles. It's like a super positive working environment. What's something really cool about LeBraude is, you know, we've had quite a few employees be here for 15, 20 plus years. That's amazing. Very, very little turnover. Everyone really enjoys being here. Definitely, hey, using the work business. There are family when it comes to business. But it is definitely a family environment. Right. See you. I'll go a couple of my cousins work here. My brother works here. So, so family business. Now, when did your dad started that? In 1885. So, we're going to be here. Congratulations. That's incredible. And he stopped competing when 87. Did you see the seven? I do your time. Did you have an NG-3? Oh, so he literally switched right over. And then last but not least, we got the kitchen. This is your favorite room. I'm cleaning body building company. We have six blood and four body crewmates and two refrigerators. And yeah. That's pretty much, pretty much, we'll brought in a nutshell, man. So, how's your eating going? You know, I really haven't started pushing food at all. For the last 10 months between just the highest and the toast to take. And then having my shoulder surgery fixed the clerk requirement hasn't been that high. So, probably about two weeks ago, I met a couple of my food up a little bit. You know, between that and then introducing some things from bodies for responding swimmingly. So, awesome. Keep the food worth that for a while and that's stress my stomach up. Because I switched. I was doing the chicken shakes for a few years. And my, it wasn't working as well from what's funny with me, as I ran into a different problem. Because I wasn't chewing ever. It was the chicken was getting in pockets and my gums. Because I wasn't chewing, it wasn't pushing food out in new couple of them. It would just sit in there so start rotting inside and cause them cavities deep under the gum lying. Because I think you and me were the only two guys who took the liquid diet. That's seriously. Well, I appreciate the tour, man. If you're going to be a little bit of a good season, man, you're glad that you're showing it to you. I'm tearing some time. Well, I will hit you up. We got a running grab my daughter, but thanks for your tour. Time you're going to be coming soon. I will. Awesome. Appreciate you coming back to that. Thank you, buddy. Appreciate thanks for sharing the gym with us.