You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. We're on our way to La Brada to train with Terrence and Hunter, which I was really surprised. I told two of my patients about it and they didn't know who that is. It's like Terrence is competing for Mr. Olympia and it's gotten the second before. Hunter's gotten forth in an open and they're like, wow, that's me. And it's like, I have the wrong audience. I have an audience that wants a doctor. Not a bodybuilder. It's me Chiu. This is my camera guy, Kai. Are you okay? Do you have a problem with filming? No, no. All right, cool. What are you training today? I'm doing a lot of fun today. Okay. All right, buddy. All right, sweet. So today we're training by ourselves. So we're just going to hit whatever. We got some so many sweet new pieces of equipment I've never used before. I guess I should look around and see what's here. So this looks like a cool piece of back equipment. There's so many cool pieces of back equipment. It's up on here. There we got a lateral machine. Guys, like the best back coming in the world is here. Like everything is amazing. No, just a thought. What you say. No, just a thought. What about you? What about you? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. To us, to you, to you. I don't want to do you lateral. I don't want to take every machine I can for a spin. So logically, we can't do too much. We're going to try everything, right? So that's one, two, that. This is a row. This is a row. This is a row. So if I did two sets with this, this, this, this, this. That's already 10 sets. There's a lot of rows. There's only two lat things. So I might want to do more sets with the lats. I think logically, we're better off just doing one work set on everything, because there's six different row machines. But that'll definitely underrepresent the lats. So we're going to do another set on this lats. That was good. It's up, right? I enjoyed. What are you going to show me tomorrow? I'm off tomorrow and there's the... Oh, okay. Yeah, take three days off. I'll take the full back set and the game. Right. That makes sense. All right, cool. So we're the top of the world. So we're the top of the world. We're the one going to show you tomorrow. So we're the top of the world. So we're the top of the world. We're the top of the world. We're the one going to show you tomorrow. So we're the top of the world. This is the one going to show you tomorrow. This is the one going to show you tomorrow. So we're the top of the world. This is the one going to show you tomorrow. This is the one going to show you tomorrow. Okay. Fuck. I'm sorry, Mark. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Mark. I'm sorry, Mark. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. This is really good. No shake off Avaway. No shake off Avaway. No shake off Avaway. hope I see this y'all really good. That was really good set though. What a thrill you got just appreciate that. That was very heavy in the stretch and a lot of light room in the contraction. I think I needed to read this to see it up on, but first I'm going to try the upper grips. So far I really like that first one for the lads. That bolt was a little bit more confusing to really fire it right. That was great. You should do that underhanded press. Because I was watching your video last night about it. You're doing two sets of chasters, that try is not watching it from that angle. She just had surgery at 12 months ago. You got it. What I'm sure did. I simply think that it is surprisingly hits good, but he's right this is the best one. This is phenomenal. I want to train here every day. I want to hit everything, the lateral machine is good. The pack deck, the reverse pack deck, the chest presses. I'm afraid like I only have one day. I don't know if I'm going to give it accurate, or even have some of those machines. If I keep trying. I want to get a good stretch on that reverse. I'm at pack pack. Yeah, probably that should do it. Thanks for the help. Five is partially biased towards stretch position, right? Yeah, yeah. Perfect. Thanks, man. Thanks to. I've just never really used a lot of their stuff. It's the one of the best dribbler of ever training. I'm like, lots of gyms and taxes. I had this quality. And now I'm going to use the new one. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. It's extremely heavy. I think it would be because you were using it. Let's try the chassis first. I'll try it sometime in a minute. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. There's that at Lannis. I've used a prime before destination Dallas. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. Wow. It's a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've never used it. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. It is the best that I've ever used. However, I still have to use it one hour at a time. I'm not getting a middle-doubt involvement if I do bilaterally. This is really good middle-doubt pump. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I drove 14 hours from Miami pretty much. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff. I've just never used a lot of their stuff.