Worry! You're watching, Dr. Todd Lee TV. Where theoretically you could learn a bunch of cool shit. What I would do differently if I was 18 and I won be the best bodybuilder alive. This is kind of a confusing thing because in theory you've completed puberty by this point by 18. But your growth plates haven't fully fused. So this isn't the right time per se to start antibiotics. But what I wouldn't want to do is reduce my estrogen dramatically so that my growth plates don't fuse too early and I could be taller. And I would want my sons to use anti-astrogens of some sort as early as possible and I'd want to monitor their estrogen level keep it low so that their growth plates don't fuse prematurely and they get as tall as they can get. Once the growth plates have fused, what I would do next is I would freeze my sperm so that I can get women pregnant later in life. Then whether I'm 2016, 21, when one of those good-if-place fused, ideally the more, you know, lower your keep your estrogen the less likely you aren't having growth plates fused. That's when you would start. And if you're testosterone in thousands you don't have to do anything. If your GH levels high in your IGF ones, 6,700 you don't have to do anything. You could just start eating appropriately and training appropriately. Probably you've been eating and training appropriately since you were 12 because that's what I did. At the time, a starting program, 3 sets of 10, total body 3 times a week. Eventually you might convert to upper lower upper lower, upper lower off, upper lower off. Then eventually upper lower upper lower upper lower off. The training I'm doing right now is clearly the best training I've ever done. There's no question. I shouldn't be growing at 46 years old. Then calories, you know, I would do the diet the same way I do diet double my body weight. And that would be protein maximum 150% of my body weight. We protein the average and I would have the minimum amount of fat to digest my food and to make it palatable. And then I'd rely on carbohydrates for my other calories. And I would run in a slight calorie surplus. Maybe a hundred or so above calorie normality. Yeah, make sure I'm sleeping enough. I of course wouldn't do nicotine, caffeine, alcohol or any other drugs. I probably wouldn't waste my time with relationships. But if girls were literally throwing themselves at me, I would give them at the time of day. But unless they were like coming onto me or flirting with me, I would just ignore them. Because they're not going to make your life better. They're just going to make your life harder. But assuming you have a sex drive and they're making it really easy, then I could see entertaining it. But I would definitely not pursue it. It's just not worth your time. If I want to be the best bodybuilder alive, I would be focused on building my social media presence. And I would go through whatever personal trainer certification is necessary so that I can actually make money at the gym. Because I would want to be at the gym. If you're a bodybuilder, being a personal trainer is a very reasonable job. You get there at a certain time of day. You do your Fastic Cardio. You have your first meal. You train housewives from eight in the morning till about 11 in the morning. You have your second meal. Then you train between like one and three. Then you might train a kid after you get out of school. This is parents are paying you from three to four. And then you have business people. If they get out of work, you have a meal at five. Then you train people when they get out of work from six until nine. And then you have another meal. Then you go home and you go to sleep. That's simple. That would be your to work day. Would I waste my time with college? Not anymore. Now when there's Jay 3 University in my YouTube channel, then there's really nothing you can get from a college. You can't get from YouTube if you go with smart people. I would basically keep doing that, building up the social media presence. And that would build up probably an online demand for online clients. I would run an online coaching business to supplement the in-person training. At this point, I would probably compete in teenage division shows. Remember, at this point, I'm still natural. I don't need it. Often when I ever got to the point where I was not making progress, then that's when I'd want to start entertaining the possibility of using animal extorrucks. Now, I would start with testosterone and I would try to trade at my testosterone as I detain in the year first cycle video. Number one video in the most important ship playlist. I would try to trade up to maybe an estrogen level. Remember, my growth plates are fused at this point. I would try to trade up the estrogen to the point where I had nipple tenderness. Am all. And then I would roll back to a level that I wasn't tender. So let's say I was running 40 tests a day. And my nipple starting getting tender. I would roll back to 30 tests a day. I would probably take 20 milligrams of tumox if I'd twice a day for three to five days until the nipple soreness goes away. And then I'd be like, okay, I've hit my upper limit 30 milligrams to testosterone a day. Now I would basically reevaluate my IGF1. If my IGF1 was higher than it was, naturally, great. If it was the same if I'm at 600 no matter what I do with my estrogen, I don't need estrogen. I don't need GH. That's just because I'm so young my body makes enough GH. I don't need it yet. More will help. So then I would probably turn to something that was a very effective and a model. I would probably start with DHB because it's the most effective for the least amount of milligrams with the least amount of side effects. Liver, notwithstanding. So I would probably run maybe 10 milligrams of DHB for a month. Get my IGT tested. If the IGT was the same as it was before, I would go up to 20 milligrams of DHB. After a month I would get a tested. If my liver is good, I would go up to 30. If it isn't, if it started to go up, I'll say it went from 17 to 30. That's fine. I'm still in a normal range. That's the limit on my DHB once. My DHB takes me to 41. It's too much. If I'm at 39, I'm good. That's where I'm going to stop with the DHB is once you get to 39. So that's Stage 1. Stage 2. I would probably start with 10 milligrams of trend and math aid. It's got to be an athlete a day. This would be six milligrams of trend. This would be an effective dose as an anti-cortibs all. And it would be effective for upregulating IGF1 conversion. And it would also be useful for the other pathways. The Nangenomic Muscle Building Pathways that trend does without it having any of the neurological side effects of 10 milligrams of trend. I know these are theoretical. But remember, we're talking about a young person. This never done gear before. The heart E using 30 milligrams of test, 10 to 20 milligrams of DHB may be more. If you can handle it, and 10 milligrams of trend in the half-hitted day. I'm using three different drugs. Yes, they're very low doses. But if you told someone, a timely game people advised that when their 18, they should use test, trend in DHB is their first cycle. That's not what I'm saying. What I'm saying is I would run my test last. First of all, it's over 18. It's whenever your growth plates fuse and even though you use data estrogens to prevent your growth plates from fusing, that's when you would resort to using anything if you're not growing. If you're already maxed out your genetic potential, then I would run testosterone up to the point where estrogen is a problem. Then I would roll back to when estrogen is not a problem. Clear up any guy who I created with amongst them. Then it would turn a DHB. Run that up to the point where the liver is a really young amount of second cycle already. I just never stop the first one. Then I would run my DHB up to the point in which my liver started taking damage. And when it was out of the green and into the yellow, then I'd roll back to when the liver is in the green. Then I would turn a trend and use the minimum effective dose, which is five milligrams of trend base a day. So if it's 60% pure, trend in air state, then 10 milligrams of trend is six milligrams of trend, the molecule, which is a great number, I would run that. Then I should be growing just fine. If I wasn't growing and it wasn't affecting my sleep and it wasn't affecting my appetite, I would introduce a little more trend. Maybe go to 15 milligrams of trend on an a-fitted day. I would not run more than that long term in someone who's still having a forming brain. Your brain forms until you're 28. All right. So that being said, what's the next step? The next step I would introduce is if I maxed out my test, I maxed out my DHB, I run. You're the maximum safe dose of trend that I would start using master on if it was available. And I would run as much master on as it took as it doesn't fucking matter. Nothing's going to happen. Master on is safe as shit. You could run master on 10 milligrams a day. You probably could run a master on 100 milligrams a day and nothing's going to happen. Your cholesterol, your HDL will go down, your apobie might go up a little bit. This example is of a 20 or 22 year old kid. There is no reason you have to worry about cholesterol in some of that young. It doesn't matter. It just doesn't. There's no inflammation, there's no high blood pressure. So even if the cholesterol is bad, there's not going to be after scrocers, not in your 20s. It just doesn't happen. People are like, well, I know of junior ninjas shut the fuck up. It's not going to happen. That for master on this time. Now, pre workout. Okay, we're ready running. We're ready running 30 tests a day, 10 to 20 DHB, 10 to 15 trend and a half a day, 10 to 100 master on a day. If you're still not growing, then I could see taking an of our pre workout, 25 milligrams. Now, that's a big jump. You know, the lower limit we're dealing with 30 plus 10 plus 10 plus 10, that's 60 a day, that's 400 a week. And we're only like two, three months into the cycle. The first, it's on a cycle. It's a lifestyle. You're a bodybuilder. There is no cycling. You just keep adding shit until there's a problem. Then you pull out the shit that caused the problem. And if you're tracking yourself as you go, you know exactly when the problem happens. You know exactly what you did to cause the problem. So you take it away. You ain't got a problem. So then, if you, on the low end, we're using 60 a day on the high end, you're running 75 plus 90, 165 a day. So that's already up to a gram in one case, right? So we're running between 400 to 1000 milligrams a week at this point. Then the next drug you add in an of our 25 milligrams per training, that would be five, six days a week. That's 150 a week, right? So we're already up to 550 to 1150 a week. 30 milligrams a test, 10 milligrams to 20 milligrams of DHB, 10 to 15 milligrams of trimethate, anywhere from 10 to 100 master on, then probably adding in 25 an of our pre-training. This is still super safe levels of super safe drugs because you're using so little of them. And master on, you're like, that's not a little of an a master on. You're right, master on that fucking safe. It's amazing. Now, your cholesterol is probably going to be pretty bad at this point. It's me high single digits, maybe low double digits, but if your apo b's fine, doesn't matter. Then what would you do next? You've already got test. You've got the DHB, which is your EQ class. You've got trend, which is your natural class. You've got master on, it's a five-alpha reduced smash. Smack yourself if you call it DHT class. And then you've got an of our, which is an oral. It's technically in the same. It's almost identical to the master, and it just works differently, because it's an oral. These are great drugs. We're going to get increased collagen synthesis of two plus from the test. We're going to increase collagen synthesis from one plus from the an of our. We're going to have DHB's just purely anabolic, and it's a fucking three-time stronger than test. Trend is extremely anabolic, it's like five-time stronger than test. And it increases IGF1 conversion, and it also has an adjuineal make muscle building capabilities. The problem of this is of herch collagen synthesis, but these two increased collagen synthesis. This one right here, this little piggy, the master on, is like DHB. It's just not as strong, but it doesn't fuck with your liver. It's just a safer version of DHB. And then the an of our has all these other special properties, and it's super fucking safe. So little things that are supposedly the an of our and the trend or anti-cort is all. You're going to be taking your foot off the brakes as you hit the gas, with those two. The test is going to have you have water attention through all dust-grown, and the estrogen-up regulation, versus GH and IGF1, which is compounded with the trend. This works great. These five things, almost you got your infinity goblet. GH would be the soulstone, which you don't need yet is your young. Now let's see you're one of those people's like, well, there's no drawback to using more GH. All right, so if you add into units of GH at bedtime, it's going to shut off what your body's naturally making. So when you're that young, you might have to use four or six units to get the same effective what your body naturally makes. It's just not going to be financially worth it at that point. So I really wouldn't even dig around with it, but if for whatever reason, you start using six units. IGF1 goes up from 500 to 600. That isn't necessarily a good thing either. It could cause your bones or your hands or your feet to grow faster. This isn't necessarily a good thing to have super-hyg間 of IGF1 levels. The sweet spots probably somewhere between 300 and 500. Where exactly that is? I don't know. Remember, you're only 22. You do have 30 years worth of competing ahead of you if you do it right, at least, at least. So you don't need to rush into anything. If you rush and you grow your waist, you're done. If you rush and you lose your hair, you're fucking done. You can get gyno surgery cut out. But if you fuck up your face, you fuck up your hair, you fuck up your waist, your career is a bodybuilder, is fucking over. Don't rush it. Do a classic physique for as long as you can. And then if you're ever so ugly, you can't do classic physique. Then you're stuck doing by open bodybuilding. But don't switch unless you're too big for classic or you're too ugly for a class. So try to stay as young and healthy as possible. So you're like, well, when do I, when is the cycle limit? It doesn't need to end because you didn't abuse drugs. The only, the whole cycle thing is about a drug abuse. It's a cycle of drug abuse. That's what a cycle is. You abuse the drugs. Fuck up your organs. Have to quit. Let your organs cool off till they're, the blood works okay. Then you start the abuse over again. That some of the damage you're doing is permanent to your kidneys and to your cholesterol. Your arteries with assless grosses. Don't do that. Don't fuck up your apob. Don't fuck up your G.T. Don't fuck up your sustenance. As long as you sit in the sea is like point eight or point nine as long as your apob is under 90 as long as your G.T. T's under 40. Whatever you're doing is pretty much fucking fine. You're going to be okay. I started gear in 2008. I've never came off. My blood works better now than when I was 2008. I'm fucking healthy as shit. My blood pressure was like one, 16 over 64. I'm 46 years old. I'm healthier than any other 46 year old I've ever met. I've been using steroids at high doses for like 7 years because I'm better at it. That's it. I'm better at this than the other people. That's why I am aging at a reasonable rate and my organs are super healthy. To why look as good as I did when I was 37? No. That was nine fucking years ago. I'm going to get older because the skin's going to keep growing in my face because of the GH that doesn't mean my organs are getting older. I mean, I don't have wrinkles on my body. I don't have stretch marks. I just have some nasal labial folds because the skin folded over the past couple years when I tried to use 26 units GH. In one year of using Chase Ier and this GH protocol, I age my face like a year and a half. But between 43 and 45, I aged like five years because I went from eight units a day which I've been doing for 10 years, worked slowly up to 26 units. I didn't grow any more muscle. I was still the same weight on stage in 2024 as I was in 2021. Using more GH did not make me do anything but made my face get older because I'm not more wrinkled but I have folds of skin because the skin kept growing. So what I'm trying to say is the best body builder is the patient body builder who focuses on training and growing things like the delts, the arms, the upper chest, the lats, the quad sweep, the hamstring and the adductors. Don't fucking worry about doing train your glutes. You can bring up your calves if you want. You can train your biceps and your triceps but for the most part what gives you a good physique is middle delts, lats, quad sweep from the front, rear delts, hamstrings from the side and from the back you can't hedge, I'd shit. You have every thing you show us from the back of your chest and if you actually pose correctly you can show your chest from the back. There's no hiding ship from the back. That's why the reverse double-buy, the rear double-buy in classic or in open body building is the fucking most important post. And then of course if your waist is shit it's going to ruin every pose. It can be your waist small is party one getting your delts, your lats and your quad sweep is big as you can, is priority two three and four. And then everything else is just icing on the cake. You don't really need anything else for class. People are going to tell me I'm wrong, fuck you. No one having competing in classic but I've been paying attention. I've been paying attention to this has started. I want to do classic before there was a physique they just didn't have it. By the time it was time for me to do classic I weighed too much but now they increase the weight limit on classic so now I fit within the weight limit. So finally there's a division that's absolutely perfect for my build. Maybe I might be too old. Well guess what there's an over 45. So am I as pretty as I was when I was 37? No. But the point is had I done everything the way I'm telling you? I would be so much more successful as a body builder than what I did. I didn't start body building until I was 29. I didn't you start using gear in 1229 and I was I lost like 10 years. I lost 10 years by going to medical school or did I did by coming a doctor allow me to be so much more efficient with that 17 years that I managed to get better between 44 and 46 rather than being dead. Like a lot of guys who are younger than me. People are going to say I can't believe you're telling young kids you use trend. The devils in the dose dipshit 10 milligrams of trend is a fuck load of trend and it does the job. You don't need to use more. Now to be fair you probably want to know exactly what I'm doing because otherwise I'm a fucking hypocrite right? So right now I'm like 70 testosterone. I was able to handle 80 testosterone with no AI but I'm getting so close to show a couple weeks ago EQ is introduced so it raised the anabolic load replaced the DHB that was taken out because of the liver damage of the DHB and to bring the estrogen down. It brought the estrogen down from like an 80 to a 16 by adding in 30 milligrams of EQ a day. On an 80 test it was a 55 astrudeile by adding in 30 EQ a day. I brought that 55 down to a 16. It was 14.8. I'm sorry it was 14.8. So 14.8. So I cut it down by like 70%. By just adding 30 EQ a day. All right. So we've established now I also reduced the test a little bit because I had a 71 DHT and the 16 brought it down from an 80 test that they do a 7. The test a day. This should bring the DHT close to the 65 and it should bring the astrudeile down to like 12. All right. Then the next line. Remember I removed out the DHB to put in the EQ because my liver was taking a beating. It's the only thing on this prep that's taking a beating was my liver. My GGT was going up after that DHB experiment. Going from 10 to 30 a day was too much of a jump. I know now that I should have stayed at 10 and I would have been cruising at a 37 GGT. I had a 24 GGT I know DHB. I had a 37 GGT after a month of 10 DHB and then it went up to an 85 when I went up to a 30 after a month. Now keep in mind I did loading doses. So the whole month was spent. I didn't titrate up. I did 100 milligrams for three days to go from 100 up to a 30 study state. Then drop down to 30 because I basically landed the plane. So the correct dose for me is 10 milligrams DHB. When you mix it with trend, mixing trend and DHB is supposed to amplify the liver toxic effects of the DHB. Trend is right now at 30 milligrams a day. I'm tolerating it just fine. I sleep great. I'm nicer than now than when I was on 20 milligrams of trend. So the 30 milligrams of trend is okay. Now I know what you're going to say but what about the brain damage? I've used as much as 200 milligrams a trend a day. I'm still smart enough to fight everyone else fucking retarded and tedious to talk to. So if I lost IQ points, my quality of life would get better and I'd be nicer. I probably make more money. That my intelligence is actually too much. So if I did brain damage by taking more trend, it's not the end of the world. I have a lot of brain to damage. The next drug, it's Annavar. I'm at 25 milligrams of Annavar a day. Free training. And before fast cardio, I just introduced 25 milligrams of wind straw a day. The reason being as wind straw is supposed to really help hardening you up at the end of prep. So I'm exactly at exactly six weeks out as wind straw was added in. I've used wind straw as 12 weeks out before handle the just fine. And then sometimes I try to using wind straw and it made me sick. I'm handling wind straw just fine right now. And I'm seeing pretty good changes, cosmetically. Is it really burning more fat? Is it really building more muscle? Is it really doing anything for me? Maybe not, but it sure looks like it is. My area around my nipples is better. The area on my obliques is better. The area my glutes is better within just a few days of adding in the 25 wind straw pre-fast cardio. Now, remember, I'm doing a lot more stuff than just those Annavarlics. I'm doing my satelastic and I have a coach and my coach is Dominic Kuzo. I've tried all these things before. None of this is new except for the slowest new, but everything I've used before. But having someone who's a perfectionist and is brilliant and knows the science and has brought people in stage ready with great conditioning is a good idea. Even if you think you know or are doing two heads is better than one. Assuming the other head is your equal or superior. So, Dom's as smart as me, we work together and if I don't know something he does. And sometimes I'm blood workin' like, hey, what do you think we should do for this? Should we do A or B? And he'll be like, oh, this time I think we should do C and he'll have a good explanation. It's not like a normal coach where someone's like, just trust the process. That means they don't know what the fuck they're doing. So, even me after competing for 17 years and as arrogant as I might sound to you, I still hire someone to help me because when I've tried to do it in the past, it doesn't come out right because I'm able to get myself right up to the point of the end of the prep, but getting the last little bit of fat off and making me look good on stage is not something I've ever mastered for myself. I've helped with other people, but I don't do it well with me. And a lot of people will say, you can't be objective because you can't even see yourself. I can't see myself. I can see pictures of me. I can see video of me, but I can't lay eyes on me. I'm the only one in the world that can't look at me. So, how could I be the only person in the world who'd be optimal for preparing me for a bodybuilding show where the judges are looking at me with their bare eyes. In order to really know what someone looks like, they have to look at you. That's aside from the bias, which is scientifically proven fact from someone looks at themselves, their botist. So, if I want to be the very best bodybuilder possible, I would do everything I just told you to do, which is pretty much what I'm doing right now. I just wish I started at 30 years ago. Not 30 years ago. 25 years ago. I wish I did this 25 years ago. I wish I had a tablet of look up to and learn from 25 years ago. We didn't have that shit. We didn't. We had no good information. We had magazines with bullshit in it. Wise. Wise. Wise. And I would say 25 years ago, the best thing out there would have been Dave Palombo. And that's that Dave's wrong. A lot of his shit will still work. Dave's a great coach and knows a lot of shit. And that's where almost everyone learned their stuff was either Milo's or Dave. But science has came a long way in 25 years. And we've learned some more stuff. So, where is that stuff will still work? The Milo's protocols and the Dave protocols will still work. You know, having doing the Milo's offseason and the Dave contest prop, that's going to work. But there's easier, healthier ways to do it, especially because we have so many tools no one used to have before. We didn't have to tread and laugh a back of the day. There was no long atty in the slim back of the day. The shirt's fuck wasn't any peptides other than growth hormone. And no one really knew how to dose it. Dave and Milo's figured out how to dose everything. But now we've got tricks. Milo's came up with the normal insulin protocol. Dave made it better because of the lantus. Things like that. We had luminaries, but the internet was very slip shot in 2004. I started learning about stuff in 2008. And I remember how shitty everything was in 2008. No one knew anything in 2008. It was all bullshit. It was all witchcraft. All witchcraft. So, what I would do different is everything I told you to do. And I know that I focused it seem like a lot of steroids and that I'm going to find nutrition and training. But let's face it. No one gives a fuck about it. They want the easy stuff. If you want to know about the nutrition, check out the How to Grow episode 9 nutrition. And how to grow series. Just go to the playlist section of this channel. How to grow. There's nutrition. It's also when the most important shit playlist. How to grow nutrition is like the second or third episode on that one. Bloodwork for dummies is like the fifth episode. Hi, Purtrophy for dummies is like the sixth episode. Hydration is number two episode. Not gonna lie. The most important shit playlist on this channel is like your college course for free and how to be the best bodybuilder possible. Yeah, I've got other videos. I've got 400 other videos. But the most important videos are the most important shit playlist. Every single person who watches any of my anything should start with that. This video hopefully is a good introduction to you. Hopefully I wasn't too much of a dick. May the force be with you.