So you've got four workouts covering the whole body over a six day period. Having said that, you've got to be flexible. If you need an extra day for recovery, then take an extra day so that'll become four days. Over seven, some people may need even more. You've got to listen to your body if you need more days to recover. Then just extend that cycle into seven days or eight days or whatever you need. Extra negatives are a tool that you can use to increase the intensity. Basically, you've got three phases of strength. The weakest phase is a positive or the lifting of the weight. That's the weakest phase. Second phase of strength is a static. You're stronger on the static. And then the third phase is a negative. Unfortunately, a lot of people think in terms of just lifting weight. So for instance, a bench presser lifted the weight to the top. Or I'd job job done. Just drop it back down and do another one. They're missing half of the rip. And possibly the most important half of the rip. Because more muscle damage occurs on the negative than on the positive. And it's a damage to the muscle that the body repairs that then becomes muscle growth. So you're missing the most important part of the rip. If you don't emphasize that negative part. And even when you've gone to failure on the positive part of the exercise, your muscle hasn't gone to true failure because it's still strength-left and the negative. So that's why I advise sometimes doing additional negatives at the end of the set. If you've got a training partner, if you're on a machine and it's safe. For instance, you're doing bench press on a machine. You reach failure. You do a couple of force reps. Your positive strength is depleted. You fail. But you've still got something left in the negative. So you can get somebody to raise their weight to the top. And lower it slowly down for a couple of reps until you can't control it. That way, you've depleted every area of the rip. In the last season, a moderate amount of cardio. I think it's good for your cardiovascular conditioning. You need some decent amount of cardio to recover between your sets. So 25 or 30 minutes, three times a week, moderate cardio. I think it's good for some condition. It's also good for recovery when it works out. Because it helps your push-in blood-rounder system. I'll get rid of the waste products from the weight workouts. I prefer to do them on days that I'm not in the gym. Or if you schedule doesn't permit that. And you have to do it on the days you're weight trained. I would much prefer to do it away from the weight workout. I've known for years for my own feedback that if you do cardio after weight training, it kind of interferes with the recovery. The priority is the recovery from that workout and rebuilding your resources. So it's much better to do your cardio separately. And finally enough scientific studies are coming down and improving this. If you do cardio after weight, your strength gains are less than if you did weights on the run. I do a small amount of that work, but it's no additional weight. It's just body weight, short movements, crunches, reverse crunches, leg raises. Of course, if you wanted to get thicker abdominals, you could use extra resistance. But most people don't because aesthetically you don't want to build too much muscle in the mid-section because it spoils your shape. So just very controlled short movements. Basically abdominals is just to bring these two points together. So set ups and so on, not the most effective. I found this simple forward crunches and reverse crunch that where you're bringing your hips up towards your chest and just reverse in that movement. That's pretty much all I need. Until you can do it once a week, when you're in a mass cycle, but I wouldn't recommend using extra weights. This is going to build thickness in your bleaks and it's going to spoil your symmetry. I do several sets, just concentrate on the contraction and have more controls, especially when you go on stage. Controlling abdominals and with the posing and everything. You need to be connected with the muscle, it up to control them. There's a debate, what's better? Chines or free weights. Neither. Both tools that you can use. As long as you're working the muscle you're working it to failure. It doesn't particularly matter if it's a machine or a free weight. As the advantages and disadvantages, the advantages with a free weight, of course, we're all built differently. We're all different heights, we've got different lengths of limbs, different attachments and everything. Where a machine is just built in one way. A free weight, if you left the free weight and I left the free weight, it will take a slightly different pathway because our body is built differently. That's the advantages of a free weight. It works with the individuals body where a machine you're locked into a groove. The advantage of a machine is that you can isolate the muscle without too much in outside involvement, especially if you've got injuries that are very useful. There's more control involved. If you want to do extra negative and so on, of course, if you're doing a free weight, Ben's stress is very awkward to do extra negative. At the end you'll have to lift the weight to the top and lower it down and it's just not practical and it's not really safe. Where are the machines? You're doing a machine bench press. You can get your training partner to lift it at the top and you can control it and it's safe. As advantages and disadvantages, I use both in my training. I use free weights. I use machines. The main thing is it's more like death that you're putting in rather than a tool that you're using. I've always worked with a training partner just because working to failure is not practical. If you haven't got a training partner, you'll need a good spot if somebody knows what they're doing. If you're going to failure with an incline press with a free weight, for instance, if you've got a failure and there's nobody there to spot you, it's very dangerous. You can get stuck without weight on your chest. So you need a good training partner or at least the spotter to assist you in those exercises where it's not safe and practical to do without a training partner. For me they're essential but of course you've got to have a training partner as the same goals as yourself and things that's very important. I can give guidelines but obviously it varies from one person to another depending on their metabolism. I usually start with a protein recommendation. If somebody's training hard and they're trying to build muscle and put on body weight, I would recommend ballpark like one and a half grams of protein for each pound of body weight. So if you weigh 200 pounds for instance, 300 grams of protein a day, that's what you should be aiming for. And your body can only utilize so much protein one time and it doesn't stay in the system for very long. So as well I recommend eating breaking that protein requirement down into five or six small meals throughout the day. And that's where protein supplement becomes very important. Something I've always used since I started training because to get 300 grams of protein a day from solid food is very very difficult. And you know if you're working and so on and it's not practical to eat chicken breasts every couple hours. So protein supplement is very useful to get that requirement. As far as energy, climate, carbohydrates. It's going to vary quite a bit from one individual to another. So I can give you a guideline and basically if you're putting on body fat with that level, then you have to bring it down a little bit. If you're not gaining weight, then you have to go up a little bit. Whatever protein level you're taking times that by one and a half to two. 300 grams of protein a day becomes 450 to 600 grams of carbohydrates a day. That would be a good guideline. And again break it out throughout the day and keep good source of carbohydrates. You know if you're a fairly complex carbohydrates that are broken down slowly, released into your bloodstream slowly so you don't get spikes of blood sugar and big drops. So we're talking over your brown rice, sweet potatoes, vegetables, things like that. You need fats in your diet. There was one time back when I started training where it was just high protein carbohydrates. And super low fat. And I found with a little bit more fat in my diet. I definitely went up and I got better gains. You know you're going to get dietary fat. If you're eating eggs, I wouldn't recommend just eating egg whites. I would throw a few egg gellos in there. If you take all the yellows out, you're taking something in there. You know it's a way. So you have in 10 egg whites. I would say I have at least three yolks in there as well. You're going to have natural fats in there. And a couple of tablespoons a day of a omega fat mixed and a omega fat. So make sure you get all the essential fat. Chicken breasts, turkey breast and beef. There's an excellent source of protein. It's just, you know, if it's very high in fat, obviously you don't want that. But you can get, I used to get lean, ground beef. Almost as lean as chicken breast and it's a better, can more complete source of protein. So beef is a good source as well. So eggs, chicken breasts, turkey breasts, the beef. Fish is fine if you're like, they're not a big fan myself. And then a protein supplement. Those are the main source. I used to train after two meals. So I'd have a big breakfast, you know, odd meal, eggs and so on. A couple hours later, I'd have a shake. A protein shake. Maybe a banana or a small amount of carbohydrates. About an hour, to hour and a half before I train. Thirty minutes before I train, I take a pre-workout, kind of similar stimulants supplements. After training, I would take a small amount of simple, quickly digested protein, like a way isolate, along with some simple sugars. The extra so-called, it doesn't matter as long as it's a simple sugar. Then you're going to get that insulin reaction. What is going to release insulin and it's going to help push nutrients towards the muscles that are depleted at that point. And that's a good time to take, you know, extra glutamine, creatin, if you're taking creatin. That's excellent time to take. You're going to absorb more right after the workout with the simple sugars. I've got a lot of experience with injuries, man. I don't know if injuries over the years. I've learned as I went along. As you know, when I started, I got injuries. And there's really no good advice around. I'd go to my MD and of course, I don't know much about sports injuries. I just tell you to rest and take some anti-inflammatories. If you've got an injury, a small injury is good to take care of it. You know, what happens if you've got an injury, if you've got a small tear in the muscle, your body will repair that, but it will repairs it with scar tissue. Scar tissue is not flexible, like normal muscle tissue. It's not elastic. So if you could think about an elastic band, if you snap to the elastic band, and then stuck it together with glue, with a lump of glue, it'll be fixed, but it'll no longer be elastic. And there's a good chance that that lump of glue at some point is going to snap again. So if you go to the injury, I think deep tissue massage is the best thing to do. You get somebody in there, break that scar tissue down, bring blood into the area, and try to get the healthy tissue back there. And do that before it comes to severe injury. That's what I've learned over the years. And regular carapractic is very helpful as well to keep everything in balance. Don't wait to leave got an injury. If you're putting a lot of stress on your body, if you're doing all the weight training, I think it's a good idea if I have regular carapractic care, just maybe once or once something like that. I used to do a strain because I mean a strain is a good indication. If you're getting a strong gear, you're getting bigger and vice versa. So I would do a body weight. I even used to do measurements like measure my arms, and stuff like that, and a little old school. But if you've got various factors there, you can see if they're all increasing. So you could do a couple of measurements. You could do your body weight on the scales. You could do your strain levels. And see how that increases from month to month. And have a goal each month. Even if this month I'm going to put on two pounds. If you did that every month, then it's 24 pounds, it's a huge gain. I didn't do pictures in the off season, but I did get ready for a contest. Every week, getting ready for a contest, and that way I could track out my body was changing. And actually helped me a lot when I went to the first semester of Olympia in 1992. I kept that every week pictures. And what I noticed was like, track took me five or six weeks out from the contest. I was more or less in counter shape. And I kept coming down and losing weight and losing weight. And I may have got a little harder. Water realizes I was actually losing muscle. So the next year I was determined not to do that. And I didn't make that mistake. And that's why I was able to make a few jincries from one year to the next, like 16 or 17 pounds of muscle from one year to the next and everyone's like, how is that possible? Well, you know, I had a great year of training. So I probably did put on five or six pounds of muscle which at a pro level. That's a great game. But more importantly, I didn't sacrifice ten pounds of muscle that I sacrificed the previous year. So it's really helps with the learning process. Something that really helped me over the years to keep motivated is keeping a journal with nutrition. We're training. What I used to do is every month. Right now, where I'm at, presently. This is my body weight. This is my nutrition. These are my max weights for eight reps on, like 10 key exercises. And then I always set myself a short term goal, which is like, in one month's time, I want to do this. And it's going to be an achievable goal. For instance, if you're just at five pounds, do your bench press in a month. If you could do that every month, then there's 60 pounds at the end of the year. That's a huge game. So it's important to have goals. Short term goals, maybe monthly goals. And maybe a long term goal at the end of the year. And break it down into little steps. Instead of looking at the end of the year, I want to achieve this. How are you going to get there? You've got to take some more steps to get there. So monthly goals. And I'm writing them down. I think it makes them more, much more powerful. What I would do before I work out, I would look at my journal. I know I'd keep a record of every workout as well. After I'd work out, I would write down, this is what I did today. You know, incline press 200 times, 8 reps. And I would review that before I went to do the workout the next week. And okay, that's what I did last week. And that's my goal to beat this, you know. I did 8 reps with 200 or whatever. This workout I'm going to do 9 reps or 10 reps. Or I'm going to do the same reps with 205. Just small increments. And get that goal in your mind. Know which exercises you're going to do before you go to the gym. Which already you're going to do them in. What your goals are for those exercises. Rather than just wondering in a gym and thinking, I'm doing chess today. What should I do? What do I feel like doing today? And having no clear goal. If you've got no clear goal, you're very unlikely to get anywhere.