So for today's workout we have clutch body shop athlete and fitness model superstar Amber Lisbon Dodge Light. Remember for today's workout and every workout in the 24-7 fitness trainer you can follow along in real time on your phone, tablet, computer or television. Alright so we're going to start today's workout with our dynamic warm-up. We're going to start with jogging in place with each one of these exercises in the dynamic warm-up. You're going to perform each one of them for 30 seconds of peace. Alright let's go ahead and get into it. So Amber's going to start with jogging in place. And again with every single one of these warm-ups you want to really be at a level 7 of 10 intensity. Not pushing yourself too hard but by the end of this warm-up you should definitely be sweating your body should be warm. But halfway through. Coming up is jumping jacks 5, 4, 3, 2 and 1 right into jumping jacks. So Amber's taking a nice wide stance. A lot of times I see people doing jumping jacks are kind of short cutting the movement make sure you're coming all the way up with your arms all the way out with your legs. Also make sure with this warm-up that you're keeping your core tight we really want to get every muscle in the body fired up. Okay, and 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 switching over to butt kicks. This is an exercise to work with the hamstrings. Go ahead and give them a twist so they can see what you're doing. So Amber's keeping her knee right underneath her hips and just bringing her heel right up to her butt. Make sure that the arms are moving. Keep your shoulders nice and loose. 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 switching over to switch kick with arms circles. And then Amber's keeping her core tight. Her legs, her quads, her straight. This is great to warm up your quads. Also she's keeping her arms at a parallel angle to her shoulder getting the shoulders nice and warm-up. Plus her core feel. 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2 and 1 switching over to walking high knees. Your last exercise in the warm-up. Okay, this is great for the hip flexors. I want to make sure that the hip flexors are really really warmed up before you perform any sort of workout. We spend so much time sitting down. It's important to get all this stuff moving again. Everything nice and loose. Again, she's keeping her core tight through the exercise. She's not leaning forward, but she's bringing her knees up. 4, 3, 2, 1. So we're going to start with the seated floor hamstring stretch. Again, each one of these is going to be performed for 30 seconds as well. Her legs are straight. If you can't get all the way out to your feet, it's okay. Just go as far as you can go comfortably and you can grab onto your calves. It is really important though that when you are stretching, you take yourself slightly out of your comfort zone. I see people at the gym kind of path-assing stretching and you're doing nothing if you're doing that. The idea is to really warm the muscle up. Okay, so now she's going to come back and relax and give it about five seconds as she's going to go right back into the next stretch. Performing stretches twice is really an advantage to the body because on the next stretch, you'll see that it's much easier. You can go much farther with the stretch than you could on the first one. So let's go ahead and go right back into it. And again, on the second round, you're going to be performing the stretch for 30 seconds as well. Keep your head down. So your head should be down, you should feel the stretch all the way through the back. Okay, moving on to the next stretch, which is a quad stretch. Okay, good. So for this stretch, you want to make sure that your knee is going straight to the ground. Pull back to where you're comfortable. If you have difficulty standing in place and doing this stretch, it's okay to use a wall or whatever is nearby to keep your balance. Four, three, two, one. And go right into the stretch one more time. While you're going through these stretch exercises, you really want to make sure that you're breathing. I like to tell people that it's really important to kind of get your mindset right for what's ahead. This is an opportunity to really focus on kind of what your goal is for the workout and what you're trying to get out of it. Okay. Good pass. Two, one. Okay, switch to the other leg. Sometimes when I'm at the gym, I see people that while they're stretching, checking social media or posting or doing things like before they're getting ready to get into a workout and that's not what you should be doing when you're in the gym. You really need to kind of tune everything from the outside world out and focus solely on what you're there to do. This is really an opportunity to get your head in the game. So use that opportunity wisely. Okay, three seconds. Let it shake it out. Good. So she's shaking it out. She's going to go right back up again. Good. She's shaking her knee. So I'm really trying to get her knee to be parallel to this knee here because that's really what's going to drive the stretch. You see people doing a quad stretch and they're really not pulling the leg back far enough. That's not going to do a whole lot for you. Good. So five, four, three, two, one. Okay, good. Next stretch is going to be the sumo squat. Let's get into it. Okay, good. So Amber is really putting placing all of the weight on her heels here. This is to really open up the hips, stretch out the groin. A people who do a lot of sitting at a computer or you do a lot of squatting or running this is an area that sometimes gets drastically overlooked in this can lead to a lot of issues with the low back. So this is a really, really great stretch to do not just before you're working out, but throughout the day. Good. Two, one. Come back up, shake it out. And she's going to go right back down for the next step. I feel good. Good. Again, while she's going through these exercises, she's breathing. Very important to breathe while you're stretching. And sometimes I see people, they're holding their breath while they're stretching. You're not doing yourself any favors by doing that. You need to pump oxygen into the body. Okay, three, two, one, back up. Okay, next up, we have a dynamic chest stretch. So with this exercise, Amber is going to be going through a movement. Just warming the chest up. You don't want to be tearing through this exercise. You don't want to be like feverishly swinging your arms because again, we're just warming up. We don't want to tear anything. We don't want to injure anything. For arms of staying nice and loose. Good. Five, four, three, two, one. Good. So she's going to just kind of shake out and move on to the next set of this. So each one of these exercises is designed to basically get your body ready for the cardio workout that you're about to do. Again, it's so important to go through dynamic warmups and stretching before you go into something that's high intensity which all the clutch body shop workouts are. So this is a great way to get the body prepared. Three, two, one. Good. Shoulder across the chest. So Amber is going to go ahead and lift up. She's applying pressure to the elbow with this hand and bringing the arm across the body. With this stretch, I'm really trying to get into the belt and the rear belt to stretch that out. The other thing about this stretch that's important to note is if you feel a contraction or pain in your chest, that means that you really need to work on your chest flexibility. Sometimes when you bring the arm across the body, the chest has a tendency to contract. If you're not working on your flexibility in that area enough. Okay, three, two, one. She's going to let this arm down and bring it across again. So if you guys are doing this at home, again, make sure that you're breathing through the stretches, make sure that you're staying nice and loose. Don't contract the whole body. Don't hold your breath so often I see people going through these stretch exercises at the gym and they're literally red in the face as they're stretching. That's not the point of this. The point is to start pumping oxygen into your body and to prepare for the workout ahead. Switch. Okay. So she's going to go ahead and start on the other side now. Good. And again, stretching also a known to most people. It also can help promote fat loss in the body because what studies have shown is that stretching because it's a relaxation technique. It can help promote lowering of cortisol levels, which again can promote better muscle definition, fat loss. It's not just something that is designed to stretch muscles out. Okay, two, one. Shake it out. Go ahead and bring it back across. I've seen that with people that spend at least a day stretching it a week or at this at the beginning or the end of any workout, they're going to see better results in their body just because of the fact that the cortisol is dropping and because you're lengthening the muscles out throughout the workout, you're going to get your ego better power output. You have more leverage to make the movements happen because you're basically taking a muscle from here instead of here and then contracting. Okay, go ahead and stop. Okay. Let's move on. Next up is a tricep stretch. And we're just going to go ahead and she's going to bring that elbow up her arm as back and she's using this hand again to just press lightly on her elbow, bringing the arm down. You'll fill this in the tricep. A lot of you will also fill this coming down through your lap, which is another area that gets kind of overlooked with stretching and it's very important to keep this area nice and lengthened out because the lap can actually, because it attaches in the low back, if it's not lengthened out, it can really pull on that low back what you don't want. Good, relax. It's going to shake it out. Bring it right back up. Good. So for those of you who are doing this at home, this is a stretch that you really want to make sure that that elbow is against your ear. You don't want to have your elbow all the way out here trying to perform this stretch. It should be pressed right against your head and pulled down. Take a good three, two, one, Amber's going to go ahead and switch to the other side. And left on this side. Good five, four, three, two, one. Good. Shake it out. Come back up. Okay, so you got 10 more seconds left. Coming up, we have the Iliostoes stretch. So you go back down on the ground. Five, four, three, two, one. Okay, good. So Amber's going to get into the Iliostoes stretch next. So she's going to be on one knee and she's going to put her foot slightly past 90 degrees. So she's going to flex her glutes and then she's going to sink into this stretch. Once you have your balance, you want to bring your arm up and over your body and then come back. So you're leaning back. What this is going to do is it's going to help bring a great stretch into this area. Good. Okay, relax. Good. She's going to shake it out. Go right back into it. The Iliostoes is a hip flexor that runs right through the core of your body and it attaches in your low back. If it gets too tight, it can cause a lot of back problems, a tightness and spasm. So it's a great stretch to do with the beginning and end of any workout. If you're ever at your desk at work and you're feeling like a lot of tightness in your low back, this is your stretch. Good. So she wants to make sure that she's staying back. Good. Three, two, one. Good. So she's going to switch to the other side. Now, if you find that you're doing the stretch and you're not feeling it right through this area, you really, let's get Amber into the position first. Put your hand up. Okay. So if you're in this position and you're not feeling the stretch through here, it's really important that you start leaning back. So I want Amber to bring her body back so you're leaning back and into the stretch. You'll also feel this through parts of your groin. Good. Five, four, three, two, one. Good and stop. And she's going to go through this one more time. Also this is great for the quad as well. Okay. Go ahead and get right back into it. And again, keeping the upper body totally straight, she's staying very tall while she's doing this. She's not leaning forward. So if you need to use a mirror while doing this, if you have one available to you, this is a great exercise to use a mirror for it to make sure your body is in this perfect position. Good. Five, four, three, two, one. Okay. Good. So next, Amber is going to move into the low back stretch. So she's just going to lay on her back. And most of you have done this, have done a stretch like this. Okay. She's just going to bring one knee over her body. Good. And she's going to rotate. Good. So this stretch is going to go right through the low back parts of the lat. And sometimes you'll even feel this in parts of your glute. Good. Ten seconds. Five, four, three, two, one. Good. So she's going to come back over and then come right back over. And you can use this hand on this side if you want to get a better stretch to really use to press against your hip. If you don't have obviously a partner helping you stretch, that'll just help accentuate the stretch even further. Because sometimes using your own body, what you can't get quite far enough. Good. Ten seconds. Nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Okay. So now Amber is going to switch to the other side. Again, bringing that knee down to the ground and keeping everything very relaxed through the leg. And you can use that hand to press your hip further towards the floor to really get deeper into the stretch. This arm should be totally relaxed. You'll also feel a slight chest stretch with this exercise, which is great. Good. So we've got six, five, four, three, two, one. Good. Just going to shake it out and move right back across. Good. Sometimes when I see people do this stretch, I'll see this arm start to lift up off the ground. That's not what you want to do. You want to keep that arm nice and relaxed. Because again, through all these stretches, there's always secondary muscles that are also being stretched. So with this stretch, it's the chest, which is great, right? Because we use our chest a lot for pushups for this routine, everything from that to overhead press. So it's very important that we keep that nice and stretched. Okay. Three, two, one. Good and stop. So Amber is going to go ahead and move into a glute stretch next. Just going to sit up. Just going to cross one leg across the other. And she's going to use this arm to pull her knee into her body. Keep it this leg nice and straight. Good. 10 seconds. Eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two. Good. She's going to shake it out for a second. Bring it right back up. Good. So again, she's breathing. She's keeping her upper body nice and tall. She's not leaning into the stretch. 10 seconds left. 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Good. She's going to shake that side out and she can move onto the next side. So again, pulling the knee across. If you don't feel this stretch enough when you pull the knee across, try and twist your leg more this way. That's going to help really pull more glute into the stretch. Good. Just about 10 seconds left. 5, 4, 3, 2, and 1. Great. So Amber is shaking now. She's bringing the leg right back across. Again, you can see that arm to bring the across. And you can see she's just shifted her body weight. So now she's kind of opening up that again. That'll help really open up the low back as well. So you can stay in that original position or if you're trying to get more of a low back stretch, you can also twist your body slightly. Good. So we've got five seconds left. 4, 3, 2, 1. Good.