Today's workout we have clutch body shop athlete, professional firefighter and former NFL football player, Michael Gasper, and joining us. And remember, for today's workout and every single workout in the clutch life 24-7 fitness trainer, you can follow along at home in real time using your tablet, smartphone, TV, or computer. Starting with jogging in place, Michael is going to get us started. Each one of these exercises in this dynamic warm-up is going to be completed at total of 30 seconds. And again, every warm-up that you do is part of this trainer should be on a scale of 7-10 being the highest intensity that you can have. So you really want to be pushing it during the warm-up we want to get the muscles ready to do work. So just about 10 seconds left, I feel like I'm saying Michael. Ready, Kelly? Ready, Kelly? Okay. Which you've made it? Four, three, two, one. Good. Moving on to the next exercise, jumping jacks. There we go. So Michael's taking a nice, wide stance. Don't have ass jumping jacks. I hate seeing people that the gym kind of go in like this. Come all the way up, bring your feet nice and wide. Good. Just about halfway there. Good. So important that you're really focusing during your workout. Four, three, two, one. Good. We're going to get right into butt kicks, warm the hamstrings up. Good. Michael, if you can just turn to the side, show the people at home. The angle. So his knee is staying right underneath his hips and that leg is just coming right back to his butt and kicking it. Good. Then he gets the right foot. Good. Keeping the upper body nice and relaxed. While you're warming up, you don't want to be holding your breath. You want to be breathing. You want to be loosening up. Good. Just about 10 seconds left. Good. Five, four, three, two, one. Switching right into a switch kick with arm circles. So he's kicking those legs out, getting those shoulders nice and warmed up. Keep in mind that his arms are just parallel with his shoulders. Never try to get the shoulder socket nice and warm. Get blood moving into all the muscles. Good. Five seconds left, four, three, two, one. Moving right into walking high knees. Let's get our hip flexors nice and warmed up. Michael did a lot of these back moves for ball days. There we go. So again, with all of these warm up exercises, you want to make sure that you're keeping your core nice and tight. You don't want to just kind of be throwing your body around. You mean everything nice and engaged, good. Five, four, three, two, and one. Perfect. We can include our dynamic warm up. We're going to move right into our stretch series. Perfect. Do you run into it? Our first exercise is a seated hamstring stretch. So he is going to sit on his butt. His feet are coming straight out in front of him. Good. He's just reaching out. And see, he dropped his head immediately when he did these because he knows. So highly conditioned athlete. You should feel his at home coming all the way down your back and right into your hamstrings. If you can't get all the way out to your feet again, that's okay. You can always hold on to the back of your calf because by the end of this program, you should be able to get out to your toes. Okay, good. So he's going to come up. He's going to shake it out. And he's going to go right back into that stretch. And again, the reason that we do each one of these stretches twice is because your body's natural response to being stretched is designed to protect itself. So if I was a step out of my car and twist my ankle, that stretch, my body's natural inclination is going to be to fight against that. So when we go into the first stretch, you're going to find that you feel a little bit tighter on that first stretch by that second stretch your body goes, oh hey, I'm not injured. I'm just stretching. And so you're able to get deeper into that stretch, which is exactly what we want. Good. All right, come all the way up. And we're going to move right into our next stretch, which is a quad stretch. So Michael's going to stand up. Again, you can also do this stretch on the ground if you're so inclined. He's just going to bring that foot right behind him. If you can't balance on one leg, that's okay. You can use something nearby to hold on to. Sometimes his body's getting warmed up. Your balance may feel a little bit off and that's completely fine. So again, Michael's keeping that knee right below his hip and his foot is straight back. Again, through these stretches, you want to make sure that you're breathing. Don't hold your breath. Don't hold tension in your face. Sometimes I see people stretching and they literally look like, ah, you should be relaxed during this time period. Good and relaxed. Going to shake that out. He's going to go right back into it one more time. The more you breathe through these stretches, the more you're going to oxygenate, the muscles that are about to work and that's exactly what we want. So when you pump oxygen into the muscles, it's going to help the muscles to relax. So you're going to get more out of these stretches. Good. Just about halfway there on the second stretch. 10 seconds left. Good. And five, four, three, two and one. Perfect. Let's move it over to the other side. And again, when you're going through this stretch series, you really want to be mentally getting yourself your head should be in the game. You shouldn't be looking around if you're in a gym. You shouldn't be looking around seeing what other people are doing. If you're at home, you shouldn't be text messaging. This is the time to really set your intention and to get your head in the game for what's about to happen, which is you're going to give 100% to this workout just like you are with every single workout in this trainer. That's how you're going to get the results. Good. Five more seconds left on this side. Feeling warm? Oh yeah. Good. And relax. Take that out. Come right back up. Perfect. That's a little bit better. Just about halfway there on this second round of quad stretch. Good. Five, four, three, two, one. Good. Moving right into a sumo squat stretch. He's going to take a nice wide base and just drop your hands right down to the ground. Yep. Just let your butt drop all the way down. My goal can get a little wider on this stretch than I was able to during our bodyweight workout. Good. 10 seconds left. This is again excellent for warming up and opening up the hips. Our hips get really tight because we spend so much time sitting down. Good. When you relax, just come up, shake it out. We're going to move right into the next round. Perfect. Again, he's keeping his back nice and straight. He's not bent over everything. He's in the perfect position for the stretch. Good. Good. Good. Good. About halfway there. After we finish with this stretch, we're going to move right into our upper body stretches. Good. 10 seconds left. And five, four, three, two, one. All right. On our feet right into our dynamic chest stretch, he's just going to shake out. Again, he's not forcing it and rifting through his body. We're just getting the body nice and warmed up. Perfect. That's like perfect for him. He's just killing it right out of the gate. I got his chin. 10 seconds left on this first round. Perfect. And part of this stretch, you may also fill this in your shoulders and that's great as well. Good. Relax. Shake it out. Moving right into the next round. Again. So often at the gym, I see guys working out and they'll just pump chest all day and then they never stretch. That's what really creates that kind of shoulder rotation forward. And over time, that's also what leads to injury. With any clutch workout, we always have people warm up and stretch all areas of the body because that's what really is injury prevention. But believe it or not, you'll also get better results because the muscles are able to have better mobility and range of motion throughout the movement. Pick good relax. And we're going to move right into our across the chest shoulder stretch. So he, Michael's just going to pull this arm straight across. If you feel any sort of pinching in your chest when you do this exercise, that is an indication that you need to spend more time stretching your chest because as you're ringing that arm across, your chest is actually contracting. And if you feel that chest want to tighten up, just spend a couple of extra minutes stretching your chest against a wall or however you know against a machine, however you need to do it to make sure you're keeping those muscles nice and lengthen. Good. Five seconds left on this right side. Good. And relax. Take it out. Oh, sorry about that. I'm going to be hitting you. Moving right into the next round. Good. So again, we want to make sure you always want to make sure you're stretching your upper body appropriately. Sometimes people spend time stretching their lower body. Everything in a stretch they're upper body. And it's so, so, so important by keeping those muscles nice and lengthened out, you're actually going to get better range of motion, better mobility. And over time, that's going to lead to greater strength gains. Good. Four. Three. Two. One. Moving over to the other side. Especially for somebody like Michael who now has to spend his time fighting fires and carrying around tons of gear and carrying people out of building is so important to how that flexibility through your upper body. Last thing you want to do is catch cramp in a moment. It's moments like that, right? So it's probably super important for you. Good. Eight seconds left. Six. Five. Four. Three. Two. One. Good time. So we're going to shake it out and move right into the second round. If you're short on time and you're going through these stretches, it is okay to complete each one of these stretches one time. But I always recommend too. But if you are short on time, the most important thing is at least you're stretching. Good. Ten seconds left. We're going to move right into our tricep stretch. Good. Four. Three. Two. One. Good. Moving right into our overhead tricep stretch. So again, Michael's pulling that arm right next to his head. His head is not doing this. His head is in a neutral position. And he's just pressing down on that top elbow, top of his elbow rather. Just perfect. So I can see this is also coming down into his lat and that's exactly what it should be doing for you at home. I don't want to. I feel a little sweat coming down already. It's about to go down here today. Good. Three. Two. Good. Shake it out. Moving into the next round. Again, you guys, during this time period, you really want to just be thinking about your intention for what today's workout is going to be. I think so. So many times people get to the gym and they get there and then they've got no intensity. Well, that's because you did spend time on the way to the gym, committing to being intense once you get into the gym and being focused. So take this time and use it to really get your head in the place it needs to be to give 100%. Four, three, two, one. Better relax. Shake it out. Let's move onto the other side. Do we have just about 10 seconds left? Five, four, three, two, and one. Perfect. You know, so often I see people at the gym and they go, you know, how do you stay motivated? How do you get yourself in that zone while the truth is is that you have to get yourself in that zone on the way to the gym. You can't just show up to workout and be like, oh, now I feel intensity. You need to get yourself in that headspace before you get to your workout. So this is your time to do that while you're stretching, get yourself in that space to give 100%. Good. Five seconds left. Three, two, one. Good relax. Okay, good. Let's move right into our LAO Southwest stretch. So Michael's going to put his foot out and now he's leaning right into it, up and over his body. Perfect. So again, if you don't feel this, you just need to lean back a little bit more. And you should feel this right through your abdominal area right through here because that's where your hip flexor, the LAO so as kind of lives on each side except it goes right through the center of your body. So this hip flexor is essential for pretty much all movements. We want to make sure we spend some time stretching it out. About five seconds left. Four, three, two, one. Good shake it out. We're right into the round two. Good, and again, on each one of these exercises during the stretch series, when you get to that second round, you really want to try and go a little bit further than you did the time before. So go cautiously into the first one. Find where you're comfortable, but on the second one you want to push into it a little bit more. Perfect. Good. Eight, seven, six, five, four, three, and five. Two, one. Good moving right over to the other side. Good. Go ahead and relax. Moving right into the next one. And again, these workouts, they're short, right? So often we're told we have to be in the gym for two hours a day doing body building workouts in order to build muscle. That's not true. If you follow the building program with the nutrition plan, you care it with these workouts. You will build muscle as well, and not have to be in the gym for two hours, because a lot of people, myself included, I'm short on time. I don't have two hours. So this is actually perfect program and something that I follow, something that I have a lot of my clients follow as well. Go ahead and relax. All right, great. Let's get right into our low back stretch. So Michael's going to lay on his back. And he's just going to cross one leg over the other. Yep. And just twist down. Perfect. Yep. And he's keeping his upper body nice and relaxed. Again, you don't want to have your arm kind of sneaking up. See that a lot? You really just want to stay in a completely neutral position. And while you're in this position, you really want to be focusing on breathing air right into that low back. Believe it or not, that will help open everything up a lot faster. Good. Relax. Shake it out and move right into the round two. Good, just about 15 seconds left for the second stretch. Good. Five. Four. Three. Two. One. Go. Let's twist over to the other side. Good. And I can see that this side for him is a little bit tighter, which is fine. A lot of times when you get into these stretches, you will see that one side of the body is feeling a little bit tighter than the other. And that's fine. That's why we're going through the stretch. So if you feel that one side needs a little bit more attention, don't be afraid to go through the stretch even three times. Good. Five seconds left. Four. Three. Two. One. Good. Relax. Now our body will do really funny things because we spend so much time sitting down now. Everyone has a side that they favor. So if my side is my right side, if I'm sitting in my car, I'm always leaning on the right side of my body. So sometimes when I get to the gym, I'll find that the right side of my back is a lot tighter than the left. And that's why going through these flexibility exercises is so important because we don't want to have those imbalances because that actually changes the way that our body fires while we're doing these exercises. Good. And relax. Perfect. Moving right into our glute stretch. So Michael's going to sit up and just keep one leg straight. Cross the other one over his body and pull that knee right into the chest. Last thing we want is a pure formus or a glute to get super super tight because you know what happens when you don't have the flexibility through that area of the body is your low back comes in and tries to take over. And that is what will create a lot of problem through you. So when it comes to the glute, so when it comes to this flexibility portion of these workouts, you really want to make sure that you are staying focused when you're going through these exercises. Good. Relax. We'll go one more time on that side. You know, sometimes I see people at the gym and they're doing stretching but they're not really doing anything. You should be slightly uncomfortable while you're going through these stretches. You should feel tension in the muscle. That's a good thing because it's that tension that's good thing going to get that muscle to relax and lengthen out. But 10 seconds left. Good. 5, 4, 3, 2 and 1. Good. Let's switch over to the other side. For people who have body fat that they can't seem to get rid of, you know, a lot of that, in my opinion, is due to cortisol because we're so stressed all the time. Our cortisol dumping and our body literally is dumping the hormone that is responsible for body fat. So stretching is a great way to relax and the more we can do things that help us to relax and allow our mind to be in a peaceful place. The more our body is going to have the balance hormonally to burn fat. Go ahead and relax. It's a go ahead and shake it out. We're moving right into the last round. Ready? Good done. Ready? Good done. That's really the head space that you need to be in you are here to put in the work because you want to change with your body the way you get that change is by going 100%. 3, 2 and 1, great.