... I worked in a grocery store and it will put the grocery on there and I will walk around the city to deliver them. But in doing that I was able to observe everything in the city some so long. And one day I passed a shop, a sports shop. And I saw the magazine and the magazine I noticed that the weight cluster was strong and husky and I was being the right lip they picked on me. I was big and they picked on me. So for that I was skinny and I used to go walking the streets and a French candid guy in my Jewish people. But they picked them up but they had a fight back and I saw the barbells, no double barbells. So I went to all the stores and went to Yolk to get nobody knew about these things and kind of got them. And I went to ask them that they saw barbells here. Barbells, they got barbells here and I asked them what they had dumbbells here. Yeah, we got a bunch of dumbbells we were working for us. We also saw them for you. That's the way they were. They were because they never heard about them. We turned the cello's dumbbell. We turned the cello's barbell. They never did. They never knew about it. But luckily there was a blacksmith. And once they were called there and she had faith in making a barbells because they had their hammer and everything. So one day they said we don't make that stuff. Boy, if you go there, they have to give it to your free so they can get out of the house and we went down to Suck Yolk and I saw a junk and I saw one piece of equipment to I took homework and they were glad to get rid of it. I did not get into training at home when the war began. I couldn't compete in making a barbell because it took everybody's way into the army. As long as you were in the communication and left your lungs, you could have put the most of them in the army. So all the way to the army. I couldn't make left, but I left them heavy weights. I tried to live in a dweather than a gym. You know what I would do this is a different thing. And by doing different things, I began to accept different things. You know, I looked up away, I pushed the weight. But because of that, I enjoyed it. The only my body. I had the money. I had $8 to my name. I was going to put it on my feet. I was going to put it on my legs. As everybody's off in me, she went out again lifting the weight. Everybody says, how do you just go on like that? How do you get so big for an overyear of pectowning? And everybody wants to be, say, hey, power some. Before they used to pick on me. But after a year or so, they used to call me power some. They're going to build up. But we got started because they didn't have to prepare it. Maybe for about eight, nine years. I didn't know where the little magazines I had. People were trying to read it. And they left the weights. And they wanted to compete. But the guys had nothing to do with them. They were saying, y'all, you know, everybody has that. Every sport has. And why don't we have it? I said, okay, we'll put it up. Come on. Come on. Come on. You're getting together for you. Yeah. After five or six years, the publishing of magazine, that became a big success. And people all over the world wanted to copy through the magazine. Right. So when my brother came out of the army, I asked him to become a debassable for our sports. And he did. And he was a great ambassador. People loved him. He went all over the world. He was a very open-up. And he came with pictures and so forth. I need to show that to the president. You know, all over the country. He's very well-bought and well-bought. And they're very fascinated. Not only we were fast, so they were. But they were fast, so they're not going to pull them. And you call it a grease. Or if you thought when a really well-bought thing could be new, they had a big song. Right. Let's say you want to be a great football player. Right. You can't be a football player in the skinny. Right. You're not a tough, not the overall. It's great. So they wanted to be tough. A real poor. There was a pressure. I threw it, but the point is that when I ate my food, I made sure that it was good food. Right. And I had a garage and build a garage in my home. And I first made a shit. I worked with that. And then eventually, I did all. And I did a lift thing in the garage there. Then later on, he's been just later going to the barbells for a being sold in the United States. And I bought some of them. Then I began copying them and putting that around my mouth. I used to train it at my home. There was no gym for bodybuilding and so forth. For one day, somebody rang the bell of my home. And they said, it's still weird to live here. I worked for a high-end job with them. You always draw weird at them. Left-winged race. It says, yeah, could you show me how to do it? A couple of guys. They were looking all over the city. You get members for the club. Yeah, they had power to have a size. They're not going to be so funny. So you really see this guy going around. To do it. To help the club get members. To the kids in my place. And I showed them how strong I was. He said, wow, you're really powerful. Would you like to be able to eat lobster? Wait up. Okay. They open the doors. And my soft gym. Oh, guys, we're training, lifting heavy weights and helping. Giving advice to other, supporting them. I've said to myself, I'm working for the guys I like. They support each other to help each other. And that's where I'll be payment involved with them. If you don't lift weights in the guy, bring to the side, take a check. You know, every year with a little pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. It's my body. And when I go to the doctor, they also have my dog. You've got bones for men of 20 years younger than you. I have powerful bones. And when you wait, that whole body gets strong. Because not only must be a club of strong, you know, it got forced in the body. That has to eat new things. If you were an athlete, lifting weights, they'll kick you off the team. Because they figure your main come muscle bar. They say, weight training will make your muscle bar. Now, if you lift weight, they put you in the team. A lot of bodybuilding. Not only that, I almost forced like a pop. Yeah. But very lifting. I always watch the bodybuilder. In fact, until 1970, 75, 76, I wanted them to stop taking drugs. You know, hold on. I'm almost 90. Before the medical professor said, don't listen to me. Nothing you're watching yourself. You're breaking bones, you're so crazy. Now, they carry you to exercise. And if they save you exercise all the time, you live at least 20 years long. Well, I'm happy because I love bodybuilding. I love all the bodybuilders. I've never seen suicide kid. They're my favorite people. When I was bodybuilding, I knew what bodybuilding would do for people. They're very similar. Bodybuilding eventually dominates. They're looking at me or they're flexible. They're like, show off. That's right. They didn't know they were so showing off. They were looking for flaws in their body to get better. They didn't know about it. Bodybuilding's the greatest thing in the world. They see it strong. You'll see the few exercise. You'll be better when you're forwarded or defined. Everybody belirt me as a great friend. I'm like, I consider them a friend in the power. When I'm with bodybuilders, I'm always happy.