I'm a Jared Smith and 30 years old. I work at Bodybuilding.com as a senior product designer. I'm going to be company for about a year and a half and just you're decided to take fitness seriously and participate in employee transformation challenge. Send it up losing 30 pounds to cut my body fat percent from 22 to 11 in 12 weeks. My name is Jesse Ellis. I'm 28 years old and I work at Bodybuilding.com and I did the transformation challenge and I lost about 31 pounds. My name is Michael Lussin. Also known as Mighty Nick. I'm 26 years old and I've been working at Bodybuilding.com for a little over a year. I started off at 270 and day 84. I was weighed in at 230. My name is Ryan Deering. I work at Bodybuilding.com. I went from 181 pounds to 166 pounds. In college I was actually a sponsored athlete. My whole life played football and land track. March 3rd of 2010 had a little boy and that was kind of a wake up call that I didn't want to be the fat-old slow dad. About the same time I was diagnosed with an autoimmune disease where my body saw my thyroid as a foreign object and attacked it and killed it. It's time to make a change and take fitness seriously. It's not just working out anymore. It's eating right and doing the things necessary to get back to that person. I think I am when I look at the minute. I've always been into working out and lifting weights. I just never actually have dieted down. I took my week four photos and just after four weeks I already saw a big change. My wife, Rachel, did the transformation with me. Having somebody there for that support I think was huge. Just the feeling when you're done, there's that satisfaction that you did it yourself. I think it's a really cool feeling that anyone should definitely try. Growing up I was always a little thicker than most kids. After I got done playing a collegiate football I kind of slacked off so I didn't pay attention to my fitness as much. It was about day three changing my diet. I truly felt different. I felt like I was light. I even stopped snoring because of the change and diet and the weight that was dropped. I huge factor in my transformation was having people around me that were doing the same thing. It doesn't have to be five people. It doesn't have to be ten people. One person, two people, they can make a huge difference in your success. The main motivating factor in doing the transformation is what it's going to do for yourself. Not only for your body but the mental aspect of yourself image will improve. My body type, when I was younger, was always really skinny. I was always skinny kid and that's kind of why I got into lifting. I kind of bulk up, you know, Arnold was really cool. So I thought it'd be cool to get bigger and lift. I had gotten older and finally started gaining weight, started packing on the pounds. When I started at bodybuilding I was still lifting and exercising but I put on a lot of fat just from having bad nutrition. You know, you see all these people that are able to improve their lives and improve their body. And for me personally, I wanted to take on the challenge, I wanted to prove that I could do it to myself. It really helps you have a lot of confidence to know that you're able to set a goal and meet that goal. Thankfully, I think it was working at bodybuilding.com. Working at bodybuilding.com was a huge help to the transformation. Information, motivation, supplementation, got the information from the site. Use body space as a great tool as a motivator and then supplementation was came last. The biggest motivation was just working at bodybuilding.com every week. We get an email that shows somebody that just kind of trans woman their body all around. I mean, when you see that stuff every day and you want to be able to say to yourself, you know, I can do that to you. I've been a fit of losing that much weight. The greatest benefit of my way of being able to run and not feel when it is as fast as I used to. Doing great all the time, you have more energy, you can do things, and I'm going, and what are you doing? How are you losing so much weight? This is really working and I want to see how far I can take it. These goals are actually attainable if you have a plant on it to prove to myself that I can transform myself as well. The life transformation is a post-aliby transformation. Put making excuses and start getting it done.