Ladies and gentlemen, my name is Brian Stan. I'm the executive director for Higher Girls USA. Higher Girls USA is a chair. He then helps our veterans climb jobs and make it off active duty. In the last year we've held over eight veterans, fine jobs. Currently, the unemployment rate for Iraq and Afghanistan veterans is over 25% 25% of ladies and gentlemen. So here today, we're raising money for higher heroes USA. So we can help fight that and make sure that our war veterans are combat veterans come back. And don't get the third or the second chance with the first chance at the American Dream and they come back in front lines. Thank you guys very much. Well, basically it was the first annual Bros. Bros. Competition between team animal and team disparity and each competitor had to weigh in and then bench press their weight for maximum repetitions. The team with the overall most repetitions was one of one and the losing team had to donate $1,000 to higher heroes USA, which is a chair that helps our veterans find jobs and they get off active duty. And it's actually a charity that I run that on the president's board. We got teams as well. We're pretty proud. That's $1,000. That's $1,000. What is this? 20 seconds, everybody. It's going to be a little bit smaller. All right, try to kill me, go now. One, two, three, four. One, two, three, four. One, two, three, four. One, two, three, four. One, two, three, four. One, two, three, four. On your wrong side, and the other is still alive. Just calm down and keep calm down. Try to kill me. You can do that with your own皮. Yeah, I know, I think you guys're cutting up. Get this, trick. Yeah, we can go. Okay. We need to go. Hey, auntie. 5, 2, 3. 5, 2. Come on. Who did you like? Fuck you. Come on. I want to go crazy, Zephyr is born. I want to go. One half way there, baby. 14, 21, 22, 22. I'm going to lose. 29. Yeah. Good. I'm not going to work. I'm going to work. I'm going to work. But you run. Yeah. Yes. Yes. 32. Yeah. Yeah. And how do we do that, Tom 35aya? Is Nokia laser? Yep. And describe this nonprofit at your Street. Yes. That's the style of animal. You want to find stronger Star in the parish. Tatives inside your hand. At first, it took place, mentor 齢 pains and power dialogues, all over the city of T Punkte. part from team animals. So, you know, we're really proud and at the end of the event, higher heroes USA was very lucky that both teams don't aid a thousand dollars and body billing.com through an extra thousand dollars. All going towards higher heroes USA and all going towards finding our veterans jobs and they get home.