My name is Brian Khan, 36 years old. I've worked at Bodybuilding.com now for about eight months. I started at about 187 pounds, roughly almost 20% body fat, and I ended up at 173 pounds and 10% body fat. My name is Aaron Hoke. I'm 29, and I've been with Bodybuilding.com for four and a half years. When I started I was around 23% body fat, and then 135 pounds, I believe. My final result for 10 pounds of weight loss and then got down to 14.9% body fat. I'm Preston Lewis, 26 years old, and I've been working at Bodybuilding.com for two years. I went from 25 pounds down to 185 pounds, 11.5% body fat down to 5.5% body fat. My name is Ethan I'm 30 years old, and I've been working at Bodybuilding.com for a little over two years. I got on the scale. I was 131. That was heavier than I had ever been when I came in. I got my body fat tested. It was 24.8. My end results were 15.1% body fat and 113 pounds. Jen Hutherington and I've been with Bodybuilding.com for two years now. Matt Kutherington, did the Bodybuilding.com employee transformation challenge with my wife? I started at 108% body fat, and I ended at 109 pounds, 10.5% body fat. I started at 234 pounds and 22% body fat. I ended up 194.5 pounds and 7.3% body fat. My name is Barrett Smith. I'm 33 years old, and I found out about the transformation through my little brother who works for Bodybuilding.com. When I started I weighed 296 pounds. My body fat was close to 30%. I wore a size 42.5. My final stats, I lost 76 pounds. I lost 10% body fat, and I now a size 36 pounds. I really wanted to get myself back in shape to the point where I felt good about myself again. I took off my shirt and I could see my six pack again. Doing the transformation was just awesome. I've just started to see the change, especially from the photos and when I look in the mirror. Since I've come on board at Bodybuilding.com, I've been brought into a world of fitness. If I wasn't working here and I wasn't with this great crew and great team of people who pushed me every day to get better and be better and strive to be the best, then I would still be at home sitting there and go, yeah, look good. I just feel like I've regained a lot of confidence that I had lost. I feel like my clothes fit better and your step is a little pepier. You just feel better in your own skin, which is nice. There are so many great transformations. Everybody really put in the time and the work and the diet. So much encouragement and high five. I'm so happy to be able to keep it up when you get frustrated and want to quit. That support system is there for you. I had ethod with me along the whole way. So I had her to go to and talk to our frustrations. We're quite similar and I love sweets. So that was really tough. If you see the goal inside and set your mind to something, it's not too bad. It's only three months. Going through this has only reinforced the fact of why I'm here. I want to help others and help them be successful just to have as I have been. That'll carry on far into the future, not only in my day-to-day job, but outside of work as well. My goal was basically to just try to get down to that elite physique. I just wanted to really get strict with this time and see what my body could do. I absolutely love the Geth and Trainer. I recommend it to all my friends. Anyone that comes and asks me, you know, oh, what are all the tips? What are all the secrets? I just told him to go to bodybuilding.com slash Geth and Trainer. And they'll literally get everything that they need to know. At the end, I was more confident, not in just how I felt and how I felt. I look, but actually, who about what I learned along the way. Because I now know how to control my work out, how to control my nutrition and stay fit. Last year, I got to see employees do it. And I was so amazed by what they could accomplish. This year came around, so I decided to do it. And my goal was going into the transformation where to be at 18% body fat and 118 pounds. I think maybe four weeks before the end date, I was already there. And so there was no way I would just let it go. A friend asked me to go to Asiumba class. And it was mid-squatter, some sassy move. I don't know what it was. And I could feel the muscles in my legs that I hadn't felt before. And I was so excited. I just wanted to stop and tell my friend how excited I was. And I could feel these muscles in my legs. And from there, I was just so addicted to that. Something that really helped me was my coworker was so strong. And I would see her every day saying no to her sweet craving when she had. And so that really helped me. And I would think about that and it kept me going. It's affected me in every way. I feel physically better. I feel happier. I feel more energized. I feel like I can think more clearly. I mean, when you have that extra weight, it seems like it's just something that's external, but it really gets to you. I feel just a sense of ownership now. I feel like I've conquered it. I feel like it's something that I'm so proud of that I can also offer to other people. If they have questions or if they need help or inspired by my results, maybe. All right, so three years ago, my husband and I lost a child. And... After that experience, we ate everything inside. I think you put on 40 pounds in the matter of 12 months. And we cope, we cope with food, we cope with alcohol. And we kind of shut ourselves off from friends and family. And this was exactly what we needed to get our lives back together. Making the decision to transform ourselves and kind of bring some sanity back to our lives was perfect for us. I watched my husband through 12 weeks completely transformed. And I don't mean his body. I mean, it's just mentally, physically, emotionally. It brought Jennifer and I closer together, but I think it brought her from the closer together too. Watching our kids try and start making more healthy decisions on what they eat. Probably the biggest thing that I took out of it, or we took out of it, was that you have to control your environment. Too change, you need to control yourself in what you do and what you eat. I think for us going forward, the transformation is over, but our life change is just beginning. Did I mention my husband as hot? He's sexy. One of the big things that drove me was last Thanksgiving. All my buddies got together to play football, turkey ball, and they decided that we needed to come up with big guy rules. And most of the big guy rules were for guys like me who were out of shape physically, probably ten minutes in plan. I'm staying tight and up really bad. And I couldn't play anymore and hobbled back to my car and left. For the first time in my entire life, I really wanted to change physically so that I would do all the things that I want to do. Because I'd never done anything like this before physically, I really didn't know what I could achieve in 12 weeks. So rather than give myself some kind of number goals, my goal was just to do my absolute best and push myself until I couldn't push any further. But I honestly thought that it would take me a year and by pushing myself in only 12 weeks, I came really close to my year-long goals. Bodybuilding.com played a huge part. I had never been in the gym in my adult life ever. I didn't know what to do going in there. I didn't know if I was going to hurt myself and embarrass myself. So looking at all the information that's on there, knowing that it's all free, you can just go out there and find whatever answers you need. I know that there's even better results that are out there. I'm the only one that can do it. I mean, nobody else can force me to hit the gym, force me to make these changes, knowing that I can because I've done it before, knowing that when I go to the gym, what to do, how to do it, by doing it the way that Bodybuilding.com instructs, I'll get results, makes it that much easier. Nothing is impossible. Everything is possible. Nothing is out of reach. If you think you can do it, you can do it. It was just great to go through the experience with everybody because we can now take it with us and we can always look back and say we did it. And we did it together.