Thank you so much for joining us on the Pocho. I'm Dave Ferris standing next to Jay Cutler and Larry Peppy as we get into the Pocho commentary of the 50th annual Mr. Olympio wrapping up. It's just been such a tremendous show. Phil Heath of course walking away with the title of Mr. Olympia for the fourth time I know that you understand how that feels but if you can put in the words what you thought of the competition and of course Phil Heath wants to get taking the ground You know I had Phil from Friday night obviously he he closed the deal tonight. He think he came back better He came back stronger. He came back with a mission to win the title. He fought off a better Kai Green tonight That's that's kind of the story that that kind of was built up for the show I think it proved itself tonight. You know Phil came out the victor It was interesting to see quite the homage being paid to Joe Weader and being the 50th anniversary of this so many legends up on stage What was it like for you in that moment when you're up there with all of those other Mr. Olympia's people that really helped to build this sport over the past 50 years. I think we all have a story with Joey I mean I I stated you know when I came out to California for the first time I met Joe Weader. I was 21 years old and Joe Weader basically told me I had a future in bodybuilding and he wanted to support that So I was able to move out to California when I was 25 He actually moved me to California to become a better bodybuilder and we're close with the magazines muscle fitness and flex And of course endorsed the Weader supplements and we're kind of under his umbrella of What he built and it gave me a great opportunity it made me into a great bodybuilder I mean that's when my career actually in the pro ranks went from basically the bottom all the way back up and You know I get I understand how a lot of these guys their stories especially the Schwarzenegger walking on the stage Explained and you know he has the deepest relationship obviously would Joe of any of us But I think we all have a certain Story with that you know we can tell What Joey your touch upon in our lives when you were a 21 year old kid because plenty of 21 year old kids go I'm a movie California hope things work. How did you ever expect did it would get this big? You know what you don't know what to expect and I think you're so caught up in trying to just make your career The best it can possibly be I think really you know you just you kind of take every year one step at a time I think that's what a professional does They don't really get too far ahead So I didn't really want to think to the point okay. I'm gonna be on the Olympia stage I never thought I really compared to those guys to be honest especially at that age But then before you knew what I was knocking at the door and of course now went in four titles It leased me in a piece of history and fill heath of course matching that streak tonight Is there a little piece you think is now? You know he won four straight I didn't I wasn't able to do that Larry Larry knows the history. He's the historian over here and he'll tell you It's some battles I thought I had a fight off Of course the eight time went around he Coleman to get there So when I wanted was it's a big history of course losing come back and winning it and you know closing out my last Olympia 2010 Was my last victory and of course I lost the next year to fill heath So you know I kind of brought fill in and I left with him You know toppling me which I didn't expect when I actually helped him you know get under way and I said He's gonna be great and I think he'll be mr. Olympia someday I just didn't know he'll be mr. Olympia for me Well we saw some fantastic competition and I will say that your predictions We're very accurate flex Lewis is standing right off stage right now What are your thoughts on him moving up to the open as opposed to staying at two 12? You know what I don't know if he's gonna do that. I think it's gonna be tougher I mean as greatest flex Lewis is I mean you know it comes down to you know a kind of a height stature in this this division I mean he's he's definitely packed for a shorter bodybuilder, but you can see these other guys I mean look at someone You know that that's you know you look at the Leela broad as those kind of people that that really kind of broke through But it's kind of a different area now the guys are so chilled and you know William Bonnet I mean look at how built he is and how how much muscle he packs on and I mean he was you know pretty much You know at the end of a pack year, which I thought he was overlooked in this in this lineup We agree on that well we'll get the words from flex Lewis and just a moment as well as the Physique winner Jeremy we need to he is gonna be joining us on stage momentarily Jay Thanks so much for the insight always a pleasure to hang out with you and talk to you about this fantastic world of bodybuilding 50 years now in the books Mr. Olympia coming to a close here in Las Vegas We are live and we'll be right back with more of our post show here on bodybuilding.com you Day one Motivations high gears packed your unstoppable you lose fat build muscle transform but it doesn't blast days pass desire drops fitness goals become fitness dreams again because fitness starts on the inside you're brain and welcome back our post show is live here at the Oralines in Las Vegas the 50th anniversary Mr. Olympia has wrapped up Nicole Wilkins joining us on stage right now congratulations on your way and making your own piece of history tonight Thank you very much so we're at this event and obviously it's historic it's the 50th anniversary how does it feel for you though to be able to put together a piece of your own history amazing it's humbling and it's own to be on the stage and to be considered one of the 50 champions throughout the history of the Olympia but you know my goal to come into this show was to break the streak of getting second every time I won the year after and I really worked hard and it paid off so it feels great fantastic Felicia know that you've been watching Nicole very carefully we saw you with a great performance earlier this year as well but what are your thoughts on what Nicole was able to pull off tonight it's I mean I've just watching and pre-dudging I mean obviously you're amazing stage presence but you're physique you've had it so many so much awesome muscle how is your training changed this last year coming into the show? My training changed a lot last May when I started working with honey and you know last year I felt like it was the best look I ever had brought to the stage and so this year that was my goal is to try to better that look and we really did a lot of the same training styles I still trained like a traditional bodybuilder obviously and lifted heavy I do quite a bit of running because my legs tend to be overpowering so that was always a focus to bring them to keep them down and even with my upper body and then to balance out the upper from right to left you know my left side is always a little weaker and with a shoulder injury to rebuild that to make sure that you know from all four sides the physique was balanced and I think that we accomplished that Yeah absolutely you definitely did this event saying that you wanted to make history and then you did so now that it's all said and done how does it feel and what are the next steps for you? Oh feels amazing tonight I'm just going to enjoy it when I spent time with my family who's come from Michigan and my friends and clients and I was like 30 of them that are outside waiting and I was surprised when they all were green shirts yesterday from pre-judging so it was just the support that they give me is amazing so I want to spend time with them because throughout the weekend I don't get a whole lot of opportunities see them and then I have a lot of travel in the next couple months I'm going to do a lot of seminars and camps and I'm promoting a show in Finland which will be the first time in a cold-woken class at our championship has been in Finland and yeah so I'm just focusing on those things right now and then we'll see what happens next year I'm going to be taking a vacation anytime soon a little time off Well I guess the next vacation will be Christmas I don't have any plans for our out We've totally earned it Well you least go to get a piece of cheesecake when you're in Finland or something Yeah I'm sure I can fit in some of those Thanks so much taking the time for us on the post show Congratulations again Thank you so much Thank you More winners coming up when we write back here on bodybuilding.com There's a moment when you must decide A moment when you know that you've given it everything you have Pushing your body and mind to the limit of what is possible Coming what other stuff was in us And that's the moment You push for there It's a push fueled by the all new NOX flow The original free workout igniter now re-engineer for explosive energy Enhanced endurance and maximum performance The new NOX flow push your limits then push further But every legend is a myth Some are flesh and blood Some legends walk along us But they're born They're built Legends are made from iron, sweat, mind and muscle Blood and vision and victory Legends are champions, the grow, the wind, the conqueror Those legends behind every legacy There's a blue-brink behind every legend I'm on my trots and I'm This is my blue-brink We are live in Las Vegas It is the post-show from Mr. Limpia The 50th anniversary of course is now in the books And we are standing here with a couple of our big winners From the weekend Jeremy Booney to congratulations to you Winning physique Very nice to down and of course, flex Lewis At 2-12 both you guys with big medals around your neck With this now being behind us How does it feel to have won at the 50th anniversary of Mr. Limpia? For me myself Being the third title winner This was my biggest win to did You know Joe Eda Say Me as a young 23 year old To meet Joe Be brought into his office Have the pleasure of knowing him Up to his passing And then to win this historical event Is a moment As a part of my career I don't want to get emotional But this is a very, very, very big part And I'm probably the biggest win of my life Well, flex, let me jump in on that word career Right? I mean we've been here in the rumors Like this is going to be flex Lewis last time At 2-12 A lot of us have had the opinion that you should stay at 2-12 And just try to ride this out and become the greatest ever And set records What are you going to do? I think there's a lot of room Let's put it a bed As of now I want to stay at 2-12 And I want to create a legacy I think there's a lot of people that would love to see me I know you guys are fine I don't think you are so much I've all supported me and whatever I've done And yes, I am a bodybuilder And I do want to get bigger and I do want to get better But this face facts you see in the monsters I bet tonight I'll be standing against them Now I'm not scared to jump I'm getting in the mix for these guys I've done it in the past Maybe I'll do a small show You never know but in terms of being a Mr. Limpio I want that 2-12 title And for me I do a lot of travelling I travel in, I travel the world, support in The bodybuilding world, lifestyle And giving back to the fans And doing obviously my contractual obligations So that does keep me at a certain weight limit It doesn't give me the chance to have a crazy off-season So my off-season started this year at 12, 12 weeks out So if I was to do that each and every year Then I was definitely be standing in that 2-12 class So for the foreseeable future it's 2-12 For the foreseeable future as of No We ask a next week of every year There's a lot of pressure you guys give me a chance I will say that because again these fans get But again guys thank you so much for all support And you know not to jump in on this whole interview But you know I came into this whole Olympia with Giving back to you guys the 3-PIT All about the fans everything All my Instagrams Twitter Facebook is all about the fans So that's why I'll get you know we'll be doing your Up on stage is giving these interviews to the fans watching Around the world And again it humbles me to be as a humble driven champion And I'm seeing again thank you made long continue because I don't want anybody coming after that title for next year again Well, 2-12 is obviously a division that has exploded the competition this year It was very stiff we did not see David Henry right behind you in fact he was not in the top 6 Was that a big surprise to you? Almost definitely I'm so used to you and I'm not him And that's what when the guys are trained to beat all you So when I do hear him in the first call out I looked around You know a lot of people didn't have Eduardo career even then the top 5 you know into coming into this show And of course you can never write that a guy who's the hardest condition guy in the whole show I don't focus on our 3-10 particular anyway going into show I've got a lot of pressure self-pressing on myself But I do know who's coming and I'm bringing it and I knew Eduardo was coming in He had an injury last year and the one of these guys that you know he said injuries of all of come I'm proven to the world that he'll come back stronger And the proof is in the put in tonight he came out the all-time best in my eyes And most definitely most definitely Broad a fight to prejudging and the stage and like I mentioned up on stage You know I was battling something for a long three days But I didn't want to let that impeach my prepping could I come too far? And I would you want to use it as a crutch for any beyond lying to them focus in on a certain area? But I struggled through prejudging I made it through and again this is why this medal means That much more to me as well as it be in the 50th year Congratulations Jeremy let's talk about your win as physique champion. Did you come into this event expecting to win? That was a whole goal, mind you know being a relatively new pro of one minute pro for your and happy my second Olympia Taking the second play spot last year, you know I've always wanted to improve you know Everybody will want to get better and you know my goal was improve my place in coming to the show and when it and that was the whole goal all year training all year long was to come in and improve and to take that talent spot You know just to be here on the 50th anniversary of the Olympia being amongst greatness like flex and and fill in the cold there And Xana and all the other pros that that one as well is just it's overwhelming to be you know So young in the sport and to be amongst greatness. It's it's a privilege and honor and you know, I'm very thankful to be where I'm out right now Jeremy how much did the chatter coming into the Olympia body? Because when you looked at previews and when your herd names we knew that Mark Anthony was coming back trying to defend But the name on everybody's tongue was sedic even though you would run a rep last year Yeah, how much did that affect you did it motivate you? I'm more yeah absolutely. I mean, I we have social media nowadays, so we all follow each other. You'll see what's going on And you know, so the deeks of the great app we definitely brought his A game today. He's got a lot of size. It was very hard and very conditioned and you know I knew that I knew I need to come in equally as conditioned and I feel I brought probably my best conditioning to date But I knew that my shape and my presentation was going to be set over the top and you know, I thought it was real confident with what I brought to the stage And as far as leading up to the show, you know, I did my best to just stay within my own realm And I didn't write you know, I told everybody just tunnel vision to the, I didn't want to I wasn't looking outside as focused on my go of winning And you know, I knew I got to bring my best and I couldn't have any control where he was doing. I want the acting control is what I was doing So and I do and I came out on top today and I'm blessed Much like we saw at 12 David Henry was out of the mix there and then we also saw Mark Anthony, I'm not making the top five Big surprise to you. Yeah, absolutely. I mean Mark was a champion. You know, I was definitely expecting to see him in that top five You know, that top five was stacked and you know, it was very anybody could have been tossing there if he's very close to everybody brought the air game today So you know, I that top five that that was in there, you know, that was something that I could have predicted I would have throw Mark in there To throw Mark in there too though Steven Mark you were the toss up for that top five in my opinion Well the class is just keep getting better and better in every single division Congratulations to you too on being the absolute best in the world. Thank you very much. Good. Pleasure to have you on the post show. We got more winners and the fans choice award also going to be announced momentarily We'll be right back here on bodybuilding.com It's time to put before behind you and make after a reality It's time to join over eight million people at bodybuilding.com who have transformed their bodies minds and lives for free It's absolutely possible to change your life. I'm a prime example of it. I can go on the bodybuilding.com I can find a plan and I don't have to pay a dime. It's free Go to bodybuilding.com today. Change your life for free Growing up I always wanted to be a great athlete. I wanted to look apart in the form of extreme wealth. I wanted both. I wanted it all. I would always get a kick out of people that looked like superheroes or You know super athletes but they couldn't do anything with it. Can you swim? No, I can't swim. Can you run fast? I can't run fast. What can you do besides staying there and looking the mirror? There's a moment when you must decide a moment when you know that you have nothing left to do. It's the moment you push further. The all new NOOTs flow re-engineered for its explosive energy and hands endurance and maximum performance. The new NOOTs flow push your limits then push further. It's time to put before behind you and make after a reality. It's time to join over eight million people. It is the official post show here on bodybuilding.com. It is great to have you along with us. We round out Mr. Olympia, the 50th anniversary is now in the books. Julie Anima, my locality is joining us on stage. Congratulations to you on getting a victory tonight. I don't think you've changed some things up in your game a little bit to ensure that you got this victory. Talk to us a little bit about that journey. Yes, last year I played seven and the feedback I got was to bodybuildish. I should tone down. I did, I did tone down and I also changed my poses. I just my physique and that's what I did to do better this year. To go from seventh all the way up to being the champion now. Did you come into this thinking that you were going to get the win? I don't know about the win. I want to come and show my difference. I want to really people see people know that I was a, I changed it. I just, I heard I listen to the judge and I just my physique for the better criteria for physique. That's what I did. Julie Anima, I competed in the figure days. So we have lots of memories with that. So when they brought on physique for women, did you naturally just, you know what, that division for me? I want to do that. Yes, people actually told me I should do that because I was going to disappoint. I say, I don't know. I did fitness for many years and I never did well. I never got it first call out. I did 15 figure shows. I was very disappointed. I said, okay, I will try. I don't know. I wasn't sure about it. I said, okay, I think I shot. So I did and I won New York Pro in 2012. It was my first attempt and I did well. So I got excited and I kept annoying. And here I am today. One day. I want to welcome Gradually. Yes, congratulations. Thank you so much. Thank you. Talk about getting the win at the 50th anniversary event. Because a lot of the athletes have said how important it is to them at such a historic event. Win is amazing. And the 50th anniversary is something like, I have no words to describe my happiness and be in this amazing stage. Which is so many bodybuilding celebrities and represent. It's unscrutable. I'm extremely happy. What's next up for you? I'm taking some time off. Or are you going to continue? I think I will do the Arnold. That's my plan. I want to do it more. Sounds like a great plan. Well, in David Lenn Bailey, you know, the first female physique can be the win the Olympia. What did you feel like you had to bring as far as your package in order to beat her? You know, on stage when you guys are being compared like for me watching Prejudging, I could see the difference in the bodies. You had bigger muscle bellies, your shoulders were fuller, your quad's were fuller. You had a good amount of muscle, then she did. Which, you know, you can see it when you're being compared to one another. You know, those, those, like you said, the weaknesses and the, the flaws are exposed. What did you feel like you had to bring to the stage in order to beat her? I'm a smaller frame. That's what I thought because, um, I think we're very different, really like, you know, I didn't know like about beat Dana Dana. I think was, was harder for me. Was the DLB brand. I think that was like, that was more afraid than physique. Yeah. I think technically I wasn't too worried about that, but beat the DLB brand. She's amazing, sweetheart, very motivational, inspiring so many people. And, you know, get that. It was really like I said, oh my god, oh my god, I hope I do, you know, but physically, um, I think we're very different. And I really want to be compared with her and show the different bodies. Right now. So that happened and I'm super happy. Yeah. We're talking about beating the Dana Lynn Bailey brand. How important is it for you as an athlete in this day and age to build your own brand like that? That way you're coming in with two fronts. Oh, I'm excited for that, you know, and especially now after these, I think I can work much better. I'm getting much more exposure. Just in a set, I went for 19,000 followers on Instagram yesterday. 32,000 followers tonight. Wow. That's my check. That's wonderful. You know, that's it. It's media, that's social media, what does to you? So I'm excited with that. It's a new world opening for me, you know, so let's go. I'm going to take from there. From here. Join the congratulations to you. Yeah. Huge, so great. Congratulations. And thanks so much for joining us on the post show as well. My pleasure. Pleasure to talk to you. All right. The fans, choice winner, who is going to walk away with that award plus we're talking to Phil Heath, more with Larry Peppy in just a moment. We'll be right back here on bodybuilding.com. We're recruiting the workouts from phase one of a breakthrough free acid H&B estate done at University Tampa. Is the clear muscle challenge? Guys, ready? Let's do this. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Do you want game? Yeah. Clear muscle challenge. These guys brought a her all week. Can you? The results are clear. Clear muscle is the most powerful supplement and sports nutrition history. Only from muscle tech. A few seconds later, continue to do this. A few seconds later, continue to do this. Today won Motivations High. Gears packed. You're unstoppable. You lose fat. Build muscle. Transform. But it doesn't blast. Days pass, desire drops, fitness goals become fitness dreams again. Because fitness starts on the inside, your brain is a circuit board that powers your body. If you know how you're wired, you can avoid your pitfalls. If you start with your mind, you can master your muscle. To achieve lasting success, you can't just repeat. You have to rewire. Take the rewire of personality test today. Discover who you are. And welcome back to the post show. Live at the Oralines here in Las Vegas, stay fair alongside Larry Peppy. We were talking about Mr. Olympia, the 50th anniversary coming to a close. As you look at the event now, what are your final takeaways? What were the big surprises to you not just in the men's open, but also in some of the other divisions? What really is standing out that you've had a few minutes to digest what happened here tonight? Well, not from a surprise standpoint, but of course Phil Heath winning his fourth in a row. Very big deal at the 50th Olympia. I think the other thing that struck me was that I felt like last night the gap between Phil and Kai was wider. I think that Kai benefited more. I think they both came back a little better tonight, but Kai more so than Phil. I think that I think Kai improved more from last night because I think he was holding a lot of fluid. And I think he came back harder and made it more interesting. And I think, you know, we looked to set up this storyline for next year. We looked to question like who's going to be the contender? Who's maybe going to be the guy? Was Big Ramey going to get in much better condition and come back here and make us think like he was going to be the guy to challenge next year. And I think in some ways the way that the contests closed wrote that chapter for us for next year a bit. I think another big story of course is branched Warren finishing in the top six. I mean, that's enormous. Victor Martinez back in the top 10. Juan Morel and Steve Cookelo, you know, Morel, a rookie Cookelo in his second year both in the top 10 as well. I think that's what stands out to me. In the two 12 flex Lewis's dominance has announcement with us tonight that he is not going to be moving up. I think that's the smart move for flex Lewis. I think staying in this division and trying to dominate this division for as long as he can is better for his career, better for his brand, better for everything in my opinion. The shock of course of that two 12 has to be David Henry absent from the top six. I mean, if you would have asked anybody, I don't believe that one person who knows anything about bodybuilding would have possibly said that David Henry who's never been lower than second at an Olympia would finish out of the top six. Nobody would have told you that. So that has to be the most shocking thing of the weekend for me. Let me ask you about two 12 specifically because flex Lewis is starting to build that dynasty at two 12. We've seen some great Olympia champions do in the men's open with the way that the two 12 has grown. Do you think that this is a real opportunity for him to become a true legacy athlete in bodybuilding? Well, I think from what we see today, you know, I mean, we only know the landscape as it exists as we stand here right now. And there's no one out there that he has in beaten and beaten repeatedly. Now, at part of Korea, to flex his own words, his conditioning was insane tonight. We talked about that on the broadcast at part of Korea establishes himself as I would say the number one contender, but still at part of Korea is not beating this version of flex Lewis. So I think flex Lewis controls his destiny for the foreseeable future. And the reason I say that, David, is because there's guys that we, you know, haven't heard of or who are going to make huge improvements over the next year or two. And then all of a sudden, you say, wow, this person is now contending. This person is now challenging flex. But as of right now, one of the reasons I felt strongly that his better move was to stay in this division as of right now. I don't see anyone at two 12 that 100% flex Lewis doesn't beat. Let's talk about the changing of the guard because we saw a lot of competitors tonight here on the stage for the men's open that were brand new to the Olympia. And then also we saw some huge announcement like Iris Kyle saying that she is retiring from the sport. Do you think that we're at a turning point right now where next year we're going to see a whole new crop of athletes and people that are going to excel that are coming basically out of nowhere as far as the Olympia world is concerned. I don't. I don't think it's going to be a come out of nowhere situation. I think it's going to be that in bodybuilding now that a right Iris Kyle is retired with 10 Olymp. I can't believe I'm saying that with 10 Olympia championships on her resume now that she is out. Alina Popo becomes a clear front runner in women's bodybuilding. So that's that to me is the changing of the guard in bodybuilding. But Alina Popo is not new. Alina Popo is established herself with two runner ups spots here at the Olympia two years in a row to the best ever in terms of titles and across men or women. Right. So bodybuilding I think has changed with the retirement. With the retirement of a Delagarcia we saw oxana Gershina when now here and at the international. So you would have to now say is it going to be the oxana era. We also have to look at those scorecards. Was it close was it neck and neck or did she dominate the thing by the routine being so strong? And we know with oxana what makes it interesting there is that she's pretty much always going to get out scored in that physique round. And the routine round is going to have to be what pulls her through. So if somebody going to maybe the routine catch up enough that oxana can't catch her. So I think we leave this Olympia with intriguing stories with records with Nicole Wilkins with her fourth figure Olympia setting a record there. I think we leave this Olympia with a lot of things to be excited about for next year. Lawrence from Diamond Tine is a standing by he is going to present the check for the fans choice award. That's 30 seconds away here on the post show on bodybuilding.com. It's time to put before behind you and make after a reality. It's time to join over 8 million people at bodybuilding.com who have transformed their bodies, minds and lives for free. Now it's completely disgusted with the way I look. Not so much so I ain't going out like that. Bodybuilding.com has complete fitness plans from the best experts, athletes and personal trainers to help you accomplish any goal. My health just started to decline and I wasn't happy anymore bodybuilding.com changed my life. Answer a few quick questions and bodybuilding.com will provide your perfect plan. You can definitely change your life. I'm a prime example of it. I can go on to bodybuilding.com. I can find a plan and I don't have to pay a dime. It's free. Bodybuilding.com has everything you need to burn fat, build muscle and become your best self. Go to bodybuilding.com today. Change your life for free. And welcome back to our post show. We are live here at the Oralines in Las Vegas. It is time for the fans choice award check presentation. Laura from Diamond Ties is here with the biggest check that I've ever seen in my entire life. It's massive but you're here to present it to the Water and the Holy Calgary. Yes, Sky Green. You won the fans choice award and thank you for being a really inspiration to everybody. You won by the largest amount ever on bodybuilding.com. You got 60% of the votes. The biggest leading history. So I'm really honored to be able to present this to someone that's been encouraging everybody and inspiring. Everybody actually in bodybuilding including myself. So it's honor. Thank you very much. Thank you. And I'll hold this huge check because you actually have a trophy that comes with it as well. So turn around. I'll sit this right over here in front of the other of you that's on this post show. Congratulations to you man. Obviously tonight you get the second place not. I know that the rivalry between you and Phil really kind of reached a boiling point when you guys were on stage at the pre-judging. Take us through that moment from your perspective. How intense was it when you were on stage and you and Phil were verbally sparring because from a spectator's point of view. It was palpable. I was nervous. I really thought that things might go awry and that you guys might start trading blows. I don't know. I don't know. Sometimes things are just really, you got some really wonderful men that behind the scenes in real life. You know, are in possession of spirits that are very beautiful. And they're approached to express a nice spirit. Just because a man may be a fighter or a world-class marksman that's able to pay attention to the beauty of his craft. That just might happen to be about taking another target out. There's still artistry. There's still spiritual magic that the athlete, the warrior, that champion mind is able to connect with even in something that may, you know, to the world. Like something that's not as beautiful as you look at it. And it may match if you look at a boxing match. To look at it as a spectator that knows nothing about the art of boxing. It may look like just, you know, clubbing and just a whole bunch of violence. But then to someone that is really into the sweet science of martial arts and, you know, able to think about the defense mechanisms and all the wonderful colors that go along with seeing the command of, you know, of tools and instruments. You know, it's a very different conversation. So when you put a bunch of athletes in the room, you know, with some very strong, you know, sometimes things may, you know, be said that don't, you know, Condor up the wonderful response that, you know, the lay person at home that's not in the trenches of the experience. That's not in the throws of passion and excitement. You know, like, yeah, that's a little inappropriate. But I encourage you. Don't sit on a sideline. Get up in there. Put on a full armor. And sometimes you'll be surprised what you may find, you know, a music story about the process. I noticed that after Phil was announced the winner, you did walk over. You guys seem to exchange pleasantries and I show a sportsmanship on your behalf. Oh, well, I mean, you know, at the end of the match, you know, I'm sure that there's some really awesome guys that can do it out and give it to you. You know, I can get a mistake of hand and still not be defined. The total man not be defined by what he's doing in the ring or the part of the craft of what he does, you know, it's a piece of the man. The man is a larger totality. But Kai, you've been in that press conference room with Phil. And this seemed like a different Kai green. It seemed like maybe you were pulling your motivation in a different way. You seem to more direct, more aggressive than you have it in the past. And you've been in that room with Phil. So what was different about this year? You know, it's very interesting to stay on on a sidelines and critique. And that's the point that I'm trying to make. Sometimes you just really got to get in the trenches. If you are in the trenches, then you'll see. We can look it up last year or two years ago. Kai, you know, you should have been a little bit more aggressive. Hey, Kai. Hey, you know, we're on stage. You're looking like you really don't let him do this. Do you really want to push you really? You know, so my point is that the athlete is really just working to do his best. He's looking at the notes. He's not one of those things where if you've given him three or four different assignments that are supposed to help him improve his gain. That you, you should see those, those things manifest in his performance in the future. If you don't, then thing you have to question whether well, does this man really want it? You know, what's really up with that athlete? So, you know, one of the lessons that I'm learning is that, you know, you don't want to do the same thing all the time. You know, if you are working and you see that there's some things that were successful or helpful. But then there's some things that weren't and maybe we have to try it a different way. Then you have to have the confidence and the courage and the overall drive and commitment to what you're trying to do to be willing to be open minded enough and maybe implement something that is different or outside of what you've done in the past. So you give me a perfect segue. It's almost like you tweaked your mentality like you tweaked your physique, right? And it looked to me like that. He's so good. You like that. All right. So, you're twice in my, you can imagine your dreams. So, it's very influential. Why did that work? Maybe that might work. It seemed to me if you used that, feel free to use that, make sure. But it looked to me like you were drier tonight than at pre-judging. It looked to me like you were grainy or and harder tonight. Did you do anything between pre-judging and finals to try to bring more detail in? We're always working. We're always working. We're working in the office season. We're working last year. We're working two years ago. You know, this is not something new. You know, that's about the champion mind. That's about the determined person that's working to get something done. You know, it's not just what you do point A and points, you know, somewhere in between. But there's a continued progression and continuation of thinking and working that ultimately. You believe and will bring you to the desired and result. You know, now that's sometimes we got it's, you know, strip away some of those things, you know, I identify what's helpful and, you know, strip away the things that aren't. But ultimately, the athlete is just really trying to hone his skills, you know, become more proficient at what he's trying to do. And at the end, see his, you know, his in result, desired in result, realize. So it's a lot going on. It's a lot going on. Well, I tell you what, as fans of the sport, certainly appreciate all the hard work that you put in. You're always entertaining. I would say that this hands down is my favorite Olympia today. Thank you. That intensity between you and Phil was fantastic to watch. You walk away with a huge amount of money for all of your efforts. Congratulations and thanks so much for joining us on the post show. Thank you. Thank you for the opportunity. Absolutely. Thanks, Lord. Thank you so much for joining us. I'm now presenting the check. Congratulations. Phil Heath coming up next will be right back here in the bodybuilding.com post show of Mr. Olympia, the 50th anniversary. The 21st anniversary is going on. Day One, Motivations High, Guier's Pat, your unstoppable, you lose fat, build muscle, transform, but it doesn't last. these paths, desire drops, fitness goals, become fitness dreams again. Because fitness starts on the inside. Your brain is a circuit board that powers your body. If you know how you're wired, you can avoid your pitfalls. If you start with your mind, you can master your muscle. To achieve lasting success, you can't just repeat. You have to rewire. Take the rewire personality test today. Discover who you are. Get fit for life. The fifth year anniversary of Mr. Olympia is now officially in the books. Our post shows winding down, but we certainly couldn't wrap things up before the champ himself. Phil Heath joined a sound second. Congratulations to you, man. It's a four-peat now. You match the record that was held by Jay Cutler. In his book, so congratulations undoing that. But how does it feel for you to be able to walk away with four consecutive years? A cyber leaf. For now. Yeah. For now. You only get so many days to actually let this soak in before you're getting ready for the next one. Right. We'll talk about the rivalry that we saw this year because you and Kai were at each other's throat. There was a moment yesterday at Prejudging where we thought that it was going to go to blows. Was it as close to that as it appeared from a spectator's point of view? I'd probably say so. I mean, you have two guys that want one thing. And what they're being the 50th, we knew it was that stake. We all wanted the piece of that legacy. And every time the Olympia comes around, the competition juices get brewing. And I'm preventing a guy like Kai Greene that one spot. He just needs that one spot, right? So it's like when I tell people, it's like, if you watch baseball, you think the Yankees like the Red Sox, they hate him. They hate each other. But they respect each other at some point. Have they come to blows? Yeah, sure. And what almost came to that, obviously, because the fans actually feed into it. A lot of the time, throughout the year. And it gets people excited. And we did our best to not go there. But, and keep it classy. And I was able to do that for sure. But I have to tip my head off the Kai. I mean, he comes in, he works hard. He gives the fans a great show with his posing. And he comes up short. But I'm going to give myself a panel in the back because it's very, very hard to see someone that is that dedicated. I have to raise my game every year to make sure that he doesn't get what he wants. Well, and I know that you guys have something in common. I mean, Jay, you just launched your own brand, and filled you to the same thing this past. You're talking about how tough it's been with all of the work that it's taken to launch your own company in this past year. And then still stay on track and focus to make sure that the guys that are vying for your position as Mr. Olympia aren't catching you. Well, it's definitely difficult, but it's always comforting to know when you put other people in the position that are successful people, that are very organized, they're very intelligent, that belong in those positions, that they can carry the weight while you prepare. My team had gifted nutrition, that's what they did. They've been working very, very hard. As much as I've been working hard in the gym, they were working hard in the office talking to people that need to get things done. And all they told me was, hey, you just concentrate on the show, and I will put you on the conference call here and they're here and there, you answer some emails, but we're going to lighten the load. And then when you're done, you'd be in the office, working your butt off. But I look at myself as a multi-dimensional athlete, multi-dimensional person, just like Jay Cutler. There is a business within bodybuilding off the stage. And I would like this strike to iron where it's hot. And actually do something that I feel is fun. It's fun to know that I can actually make a phone call and say, this is the type of supplement that I want. Can you make it? And they say, yes, we can do it. And it's mine. That's awesome. There'd be no different than a kid wanting this on shoe. It's on sneaker. It's playing an NBA. I get to have that opportunity to get on the company. So it's awesome. Now as you've got me talking about them, thinking, gosh, I got a lot of emails I got to get back to people. That was a lot of work. But it does let you realize that you have to be organized. But that's what bodybuilding is. People that are watching this, they're no different than us. They go out. They have family. They have to work 40, 50 hour days, even not longer. But they still find a way to get their meals and they're training in this. And that's what they have. I mean, 40, 50 hour. I don't know what kind of monster you are. You're working for your 50 hour days. I will be doing that. And then some, because hey, that's facing. I'm eating every two hours. I'm doing all this stuff. And essentially, I'm willing to work my butt off. So then one day, you know, I could be chilling on the boat. Maybe next to this dude and talking about old times. But in order to do that, I've got to work hard and everything right now. Well, there's no question you're obviously working hard, Larry. Phil, congrats? Oh, thanks. I have two questions for you. First, not to lay off the kayak hook. Two quickly. There was a point before you guys were awarded. When you were standing in line and you guys were conversing, it looked like an amicable conversation. It looked like you were nodding to each other. What was going on in that interaction? Well, normally I wouldn't want to share that type of conversation between two grown men. But I think it just came down to the fact that we both respected each other. We both acknowledged that. We both acknowledged that what the stage was really about. And the position that both of us are in and that he wants it and that he wanted it. And I wanted it. And you know, things here, we both have our camps talking trash to us all the year. Beat this guy's butt, beat his ass, whatever. You got the fans on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, doing the same thing. It comes back to us. And then next, you know, we hate each other. And it was kind of like we both acknowledged that one's the insigators, not us. We're not necessarily saying anything. And although that, I know that we really don't hate one another, and it ain't going to be friendship until probably after we retired. And that's OK. And I think both of us kind of saying, all right, here we are again. Remember last year we talked about this. And we're going to probably end up having a hype this thing up next year as well. Are we OK with that? And it's like, yeah, say what you're going to say. Because I'm going to do what I got to do as well. And I respect Calgary. And I mean, he's a great asset to the sport of body building. I mean, he's definitely a good competitor. And like I said, I was impressed that he looked away, he did on Saturday night. And you know, gave the fans a great posing. You know, 30 day in is one of my favorite routines that he does. You know, I remember watching him do the New York Pro and actually winning that with it. So I mean, in a sense, I'm still a fan of his yet. We're our enemies. OK. So fourth Olympia, you spoke at the press conference about your father passing away and devoting this year to him. Can you compare the feeling of winning this year to the prior Olympia? Wait, is this one rank for you? It's all different. You know, I think Jake had agreed with every year's different. I think when I'm retired, I'll be able to look back and really soak it all in and say which one was really the hardest or all these questions. I mean, each year has filled with challenges. And it's more mentally than anything. The physical part of getting up training. I mean, I love the train. So how was that hard, right? To eat these meals? Well, it's a necessary thing. It's life's challenges. And I think every year, I get hit with something or my family or my friends get hit with something to where it enables me to put on a better set of battle armor to deal with the world's challenges and to face it with no fear and to continually to try harder, to strive for excellence. And I was able to do it and it definitely motivates me. And it's to credit all my friends, my family, you know, my sponsors, everybody, the sport of body building itself. But my stories are just about how everybody goes to these issues. Everybody goes through something hard in life. I'm not talking about it, woe is me. I'm talking about it to say, you two go through stuff. I acknowledge that. But you have no excuse to get in that gym and then make something positive of it. You could be going out and boozing and doing wrong and this and that. Not to say we all like to booze every now and again, but you could be really damaging your body and other ways. But you could be going to the gym too and getting something out of it. Like what I'm doing. And that's what it's really about. It's really about taking life's challenges and saying, you know, I'm going to put something positive and to work it out. Maybe not lift the waist. Maybe going for a run. Maybe playing basketball with friends. Maybe doing something positive. And I think, thank God, I have body building to do that. So Jake, he says when he retired, he'll be able to tell me which one you have no plans to compete. So when you look back at the four, which one was the most meaningful for you? You know what, he's absolutely right. I mean, when you're stepped away from the stage and the more things that happen in your life that become more important, especially as you progress and you get older, which I am. It's just a parent that you have a different mindset. You don't really look at each one. I mean, obviously you have specific wins. Probably the first time you won would probably be, you know, the most memorable one as far as like, you know, wow, I can't believe I'm Mr. Olympia. I mean, for me, I beat Ronnie Coleman, but then I came back and I felt I lost it in one another one. But, you know, we all go through challenges like you said on the way through. And we train different ways. And what I noticed about fill this year, and just the touch upon them, I mean, we travel a lot. We're around each other a lot, obviously we still conversed, you know, week to week. What I noticed about filly really, really was more dedicated this year. He seemed more driven than I've ever seen him in the past. And that's really the question I want to ask fill is, do you think this year you gave, you know, as you progressively get more and more Olympia's under your belt, they say that, you know, you seem to work harder every time that she's certain things because it becomes, you know, okay, am I going to win the next one and next one and the number start climbing? What I noticed is you trained more, you trained smarter. But when I spoke to you during your prep, you said I'm having a very easy, everything's just falling into place. Do you think it was easier to prep for this year's contest than the years past? You seemed more relaxed and just you had done the homework. I think more in the offseason than ever before to allow yourself to be able to just basically go through the rhythms and not necessarily not, you don't do no work hard. But you just everything just seemed to click during your training for this Olympia. Yeah, I think preparation is separation. There's an offseason in sports and that's because once game time hits, you know how to react and not to panic. And you know, we both know that there's a specific blueprint that's indescribable, you know, when you're training for the Olympia, this may work and the next year it doesn't, you have to be able to, you know, respond very quickly. Your body has to be able to respond quickly by knowing what worked and what didn't work doing your offseason. So how do you do that? Well, you ain't going to do it by going out to McDonald's and drinking beer and all sorts of stuff. You're right, you know, I worked really hard and I, and I had to because I knew that I was at a disadvantage. You know, being on the top of the food chain, you know, on the sport, you travel twice as much. I traveled 200,000 miles in six months. But you were training in the middle of the day. You always trained. Yeah. And you don't sleep. No. You're always late out there. Anytime I was trying to get a hold of you, whether what time zone I was in, you'd never sleep to sleep. I just, it's a credit to guys like you and Ronnie Coleman to be honest because I knew that you both loved being Mr. Olympia more than anything in the world. And it was like, do I really love this? If I really love this, that I'm going to be willing to do whatever it takes and get my butt in that gym, the gym makes me feel great. And it was self therapy, really, to get in that gym, going through life's challenges and just saying, you know what? You know, I trained by myself 90% of the time a year. So it's like, this was great for me and just me time, me time, and I learned a lot about different training disciplines. I learned that what works for you ain't gonna work for me. Like, I know we joke around. It's like, do you feel used machines? Do you need to hire work out? Stuff like that. And you know what, it actually works for me. It prevented injury, it prevented this and that, and it actually helped me. Now, well, that worked next year. Probably not because I have to be willing to open my eyes and say, okay, well, last year won't work this year. Let's just try it. And that's what the offseason is. So I think the because of the fact that, you know, I knew I had only specific time. I had to plan with purpose each and every day. And that's a credit to guys like yourself who are to me, a legend and a pioneer of the sport. Anyone that knows Jay Color, anyone that is no money, Coleman, anyone that is known, any Mr. Lippian like those guys that is trained around them or even watched them trained, it made you want to train harder. And you knew that during those battles that they had, they didn't take a day off. They had to slow down. And I know you used to train very late too. And it's probably because you wanted that knee time. Now that you get to adapt to that. Also, I would be honest when you're trained during a day, people want to take pictures all the time and listen to that. You need time to yourself to focus because, as I can talk right now forever, I'd be doing the same thing in the gym. I can't do that. I have to be focused because let's face it. These guys are hungry. And I knew that. And I'm going to be doing my due diligence, even during this off season now. I'm going to be going to Spain and going to be on tour with you and hanging out. I'm still going to train. I'm going to eat decent. But I'm going to still train. Maybe not as heavy. But I'm still going to train and learn something from this. Well, as a fan of the sport, it's so cool to see two guys that have each one for Lippian titles. Just sort of talking about the ins and outs of training and traveling and everything else and just getting side to mind of champion. So Jay, thanks so much for being here on the post show, Phil Congratulations again. What a huge night for you to inform her all like this, the 50th anniversary. And Larry always a pleasure to be alongside you. Thank you. I'm Dave Fair, thanks so much for watching our official post show here on BodyBully.com. Have a great night. But every legend is a myth. Some of flesh and blood.