And we welcome you into the official stream of Mr. Olympia. It is underway here in Las Vegas. Larry, these past couple of days already, the excitement, the anticipation, the buzz is starting to build here in Las Vegas because it's a historic event. 50 years now in the books, Mr. Olympia has grown so much. Talk about what this weekend means, not just to the competitors and the fans, but also the people that are watching all around the world that are just seeing this sport girl that are maybe going, wow, I've really got to start paying attention to this because it's gotten larger than life. Yeah, I mean, 50 years in, you should start paying attention. Right, and most likely. I mean, just to put some perspective on it, our first Mr. Olympia had a whopping three competitors. Larry Scott, Harold Pool, and Earl Manard. Harold Pool still the youngest competitor ever at the Mr. Olympia 21 years old. The interesting thing to me, Dave, and a lot of people don't really know this story is how the Olympia came about. It came about in a bar. Joe Weater was actually sitting with Larry Scott. And Larry Scott was the poster child for bodybuilding, and Joe did not want to lose him, and Larry was telling him, it's really nothing for me to do anymore in this industry because I've already won all the big titles. So he got the brainstormed, let's do a professional contest for money that will let the best of the best be decided. Larry Scott liked the idea. And when he asked him, well, what would you call it? He looked down at his beer bottle, which was Olympia Beer and said, let's call it the Olympia. And here we are. We also had a shake things into perspective for just how rich this competition is and how long it's been around. The first Mr. Olympia, the one that you were talking about for $1,000, took place two years before the first Super Bowl ever happened. I mean, that's something. It's been around for that long. And we've seen the competition grow year after year. And this year, we've got ourselves a very distinct opportunity for an underdog and kaygering to come in and try to upset Phil Heath. And when I say that tensions are running high between these two, I'm not kidding. At the press conference just yesterday, there was almost a physical altercation because these two are at each other's throat so much. Well, it's a good thing that they was seated about 10 feet apart. Listen, anyone who has watched kaygering over the years knows that he tends to be pretty happy all the time. He tends to talk about positive. Who by our image? Yeah, sure. He's like, well, can Tony Robbins seminar with Mussel. Right? That wasn't the case at the press conference. If you haven't seen it, there's videos all over the place. I have never seen in angrier more motivated. And when I say angry, I mean just going at Phil nonstop through this press conference, cutting him off, cutting him off when he was talking about his father passing away. There were no limits to how angry and motivated kaygering was at this press conference. Now, look, talk is cheap. Maybe it means nothing. Maybe kaygering knows something we all don't know, which is he's finally nailed that condition that he has to nail to really compete with Phil Heath. We're going to find out. He did make one comment that could go either way. He said he's going to have 40 pounds on Phil. That could be a terrible thing if he is not shredded because he won't beat Phil just being bigger. He has to match his conditioning to beat him, to have any chance to beat him. But Dave, let's not get a twist. That this is not a two man race. We have people like Dennis Wolf, who was third last year, won the Arnold. And looks to have finally found the rhythm, found the formula for him to consistently get in shape. We have Sean Roden, fourth last year, who rumors are, is bigger than he's ever been and conditioned. And of course, if you stop thinking for a minute about Dexter Jackson and a top six spot in the Olympia, you should slap yourself because every time we think it's time for Dexter to wave and say thanks for the memories, he ends up beating everybody before or five guys in this contest. Well, all the analysts that I've talked to, they've said that Phil Heath is the clear frontrunner in this and that Kai Green obviously is out for blood. And you were talking about that intensity. And I'll ask you kind of a two-part question here. Do you think that Kai Green had that same intensity as he was leading up in the off season to this event? And do you think that will make a difference? And then also as Kai Green, two hyper focused on Phil Heath and forgetting about the people that are just behind it? Here's a good thing about bodybuilding. Anything that motivates you, whether it's one person or the field, to be in the best shape that you've ever been can't hurt you with anybody else. If he's this motivated to be in the best shape of his life, then that's what matters and that distances him, potentially from the rest of the field. The flip side is the off season and bodybuilding means little. If you look at pictures of Kai Green and Phil Heath for about 10 months out of the year, you would say Kai is the better bodybuilder. Because he's monstrous to you around. He's pretty conditioned to you around. But bodybuilding is about two days, pre-judging and finals. And that's it, nothing else matters. And talk about that, Manusha. Those little details that makes such a difference when it comes down to like you said, those critical moments in bodybuilding. When somebody has to get rid of exactly the right amount of water, white, to make sure that they're defined enough, but they're not too dehydrated in order to get out there and perform. What does it like for these athletes? Is they're coming into this weekend? The biggest moment of their entire year, possibly the biggest moment of their entire life, to make sure that they have everything just right. Well, there are so many variables and that's where experience comes in. That's where having competed at the Olympia, peaked for the Olympia. That's where it all matters. Your water, your body fat, your tanning, your routine. So many details that they have to manage and manipulate any of which could throw them off, particularly water, in a matter of hours. So one guy could look phenomenal at nine o'clock in the morning and he could come here tonight and have rebounded it, have been holding water. And Dave, let's not forget, not only do we have history on the men's side, with the 50th of Olympia, but we have the opportunity to make history in multiple women's divisions this weekend as well. Yeah, we have potential for the first time ever, men or women for one woman to walk away as a 10-time Olympian. That is unheard of, Larry. It's insane. I mean, and the thing is when a lot of people don't know historically is that there were several years where the misalempia was divided into a lightweight and a heavyweight and Iris Kyle won the heavyweight. So she lost the overall, but you could argue she has 10 Olympia titles already, but this would be 10 overall, it would make history, Dave, and in figure, Nicole Wilkins going for her fourth, that would make history, if Ashley, Colt was a repeats, repeats in bikini, that would make history. And in fitness, if that's not all enough, a Delic Garcia is now retired, which means that it is wide open and we will crown our first fitness Olympia champion, not named a Delic Garcia in six years. And Larry, I know that you spent a lot of time around the ladies in the offseason leading up to Mr. Olympia and the reason why is because you actually wrote a book. Correct. I wrote the women's pre-contest Bible with Isaac Heinz. We got to interview so many of the women who are competing as well as former legends. So I've gotten a lot of insight and thoughts from a lot of these ladies that we're going to see tonight and tomorrow night, we'll talk about it when we do our play by play about their training, about their feelings coming in, and whether they feel they have gotten ready to be in their best condition at this historical Olympia. I'm excited to hear some of that commentary from you. And shameless plug, where can people find your book? Oh, easy. Women'sprecontestbibble.com. Women'sprecontestbibble.com. Correct. All right, since we're talking about shifting around away classes with the women, let's talk about the men as well, because at two 12, we've got a similar situation that we've got a very clear front-runner in flex Lewis. But David Henry wants to hear none of that. What are your thoughts on 212? Well, you're right. Again, we're in Vegas. And if the books here put up odds for the Mr. Olympia and the 212 Olympia, the gamblers would tell you, I'm not going to risk $1,000 to win 100 on Phil Heath or Flex Lewis. They are big favorites, and they've earned that. They're not big favorites because people like them in clap form. They have big favorites because they have dominated this contest for the last several years. David Henry has not beaten Flex Lewis in several contest the Olympia and the Arnold that we called Dave back in March in Columbus. And Phil Heath has just been dominant. He's had straight ones for three years. So it really has not been close. In the 212, the interesting side story to the 212 to me is that Flex Lewis has said that this is his last contest at 212 pounds. If that's the case, then this is the last opportunity for David Henry to beat Flex Lewis and take the title from him. And if you talk to most athletes, winning the title is one thing. Taking the title from a dominant champion is another. And this may be the last opportunity for the entire 212 field to take from Flex Lewis that title of Best 212 Body Builder in the world. And I think they're going to be chomping at the bit to do it. In the ladies' divisions, fitness, bikini, and bodybuilding are all happening tonight. We're going to bring on Kathleen Tessori and Felicia Romero in just a moment to talk about the competition. We'll be right back. This is the official stream for Mr. Olympia, the 50th Anniversary on bodybuilding.com. It's time to put before behind you and make after a reality. It's time to join over 8 million people at bodybuilding.com who have transformed their bodies, minds, and lives for free. I was completely disgusted with the way I look. Not so much so. I ain't going out like that. Bodybuilding.com has complete fitness plans from the best experts, athletes, and personal trainers to help you accomplish any goal. My health just started to decline, and I wasn't happy anymore. Bodybuilding.com changed my life. Answer a few quick questions and bodybuilding.com will provide your perfect plan. You can definitely change your life. I'm a prime example of it. I can go on to bodybuilding.com. I can find a plan, and I don't have to pay a dime. It's free. Bodybuilding.com has everything you need to burn fat, build muscle, and become your best self. Go to bodybuilding.com today. Change your life for free. We're going to be recreating the workouts from phase one of a breakthrough free acid HMB study done at the University of Tampa. It's the ClearMustle Challenge. Guys ready? Let's do this. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Do you want game? Yeah. ClearMustle Challenge. These guys brought a her all week. Can you? The results are clear. ClearMustle is the most powerful supplement and sports nutrition history, only from Muscle Tech. This is the official stream for Bodybuilding.com. It's great to have you along with us as we had into Mr. Olympia. It's the 50th anniversary joining me here on stage. We've got Kathleen Tessori, and Felicia Romero. Always a pleasure to be alongside you. Ladies, it's our second year doing Olympia together. Of course, we did the Arnold back in March and Columbus, Ohio. I would say the competition this year for Mr. Olympia though when it comes to the ladies' competitions. It's some of the fiercest that we've ever seen. I know that you girls have spent a lot of time at the pre-judging seeing what some of the callouts were. Some very interesting notes to take from that. But first, just talk about the experience that you've had here in Las Vegas, being out in the Expo floor for me with people that weren't able to make it. To Las Vegas to attend this event. What is it like when you're here and you're surrounded by all the people that are part of the industry? Oh my gosh, it's an experience like no other. The amount of people, the energy, the Expo, it's like lines and lines and lines of people. I mean, I had a park like a mile away, so I'm like, I wish I had a driver. So my weekend already started off with blisters on my feet. And you're still rocking the heels though. I am rocking the heels. As long as I'm in one place and I'm not walking, I'm okay. But the experience is amazing and I know Kathleen experienced it on the Expo side. So I've been working the bodybuilding.com booth and the line was about an hour and 45 minutes. There's people here from Texas, New Zealand. The energy's high and I swear this Expo has like grown a lot. It is just extended so far. Well let's talk about some of the competitions. Women's bodybuilding is happening tonight. Iris can make history. She wins. She gets herself that very elusive and unheard of tent title at Mr. Olympia. She's got a moment for her going into the 50th anniversary, possibly winning one out of every five Olympia is it's ever even happened. But putting together 10 wins and 10 titles is unbelievable. Unbelievable. I've been coming to the Olympia for about 10 years now. So for her to win that many, it's insane. So yeah, I definitely think that she's going to take it tonight. So that's my prediction. Elena of course wants to not exactly hear those words. She's very interested in getting herself a title as well. You were at the call out earlier for women's bodybuilding. Was there anything that surprised you? No, actually no, there wasn't a lot of surprises. I mean, Iris came in like her normal, sharp, symmetrical self, hard self. Elena, you know, can give her a run for her money, but I really feel there's not a lot of competition there. Iris just sort of takes it. I think, you know, Kathleen sort of agrees. Yeah, I would have to create Felicia Iris. She always comes in solid and really makes every girl have to work extremely hard. The fitness competition is going to be interesting because Adela has now retired and that's open it up to pretty much anyone, right. Based off of what you saw earlier today, what are your thoughts on the way that that category is shaping up? Who should the viewers that are watching in home keep an eye on tonight? Well, I definitely think keeping an eye on Bethany, Sister Nina, she came out. She always has a solid physique, but she was so sharp, so on point, her body is just tight in all the right areas. So I definitely think she's went to watch and I think she probably is going to get that top spot in my prediction. She definitely had a glow and she, I mean, she looks so healthy, so on point and just she didn't even have to try very hard on stage. She was so on point. And Tangy. Yeah, go ahead, please. Tangy was also right there. It's definitely going to come down to the routines in the physique ground. It was definitely Tangy and Bethany, but it's going to be anyone's game when it comes down to the routine. Yeah, the routine is really two thirds of the scoring. So somebody who gets a top call out in the physique ground can be placed down lower in the routine round, depending on their energy and the creativity of their routine. Again, Oxana always has a lot of creativity, even though she's looking in that three or four spot right now with physique. So it's anyone's game when it comes to the routine. So they got to bring it. It's exciting. Yeah. I mean, the bikini competition as well, also a very tight race. Interesting story line here. If Ashley is able to repeat, she'll be the first person to ever repeat at Mr. Olivia in the bikini competition. Certainly a big moment for her, but I know that you girls were talking about the bikini competition earlier. Of course, I was listening intently. And both of you said that there is an incredibly talented field. Oh, absolutely. I mean, when these girls walk out, there are hardly any flaws. And it's crazy to be involved this weekend because there's so many history-making moments, you know, with every single division. So, but these girls, and we always say, I think, and I wouldn't need girls turn around to make a break for these girls, and I would say 95% of them have the glutes. Yes. Now, I would have to agree. It was amazing. Ashley called Swater, though. She came in on point from head to toe. She was just incredible. So I've seen her for the top spot. Yeah. I love her body. It's athletic. She has nice fullness in the glutes, but fullness and not too thin, but not too, you know, muscular or stringy. So, she's right on point. What did you think about Janet? Janet is beautiful. If you guys don't get a chance to see Janet on stage, you have to watch her just walk on stage. She's like this goddess, your eyes just follow her. She's a pillar of beauty. She's a pillar of beauty. I just- I just- She likes my women crush. Oh, my gosh. She's my women crush Wednesday, even though it's not Wednesday. I know, right? Well, let's talk about how difficult it is to do exactly what you're talking about is walk out on stage and just be so graceful and every single thing that you do when you're in any of these competitions to make it look like you're not working hard is the key to success and almost any profession, but especially when everyone's focused on every single little last detail about your face and your body and everything else. Yeah, it's hard stuff. You got a hold your stomach tight. You have to make sure your boots are rounded. You have to hold everything super tight while smiling and trying to be effortless and heels. Your back is hurting. Things are like cramping up, so it's tough. It's not easy at all, but these girls make it look effortless. Yeah, and especially when you dial in, perfectly you don't have to hold your opposing or anything that hard. So the better that you're dialed in, the more flawless and confident you can look on stage. Yeah, absolutely. So much history can be made tonight with the ladies. Certainly appreciate your insight and analysis and look forward to being with you on the post shows. We talked to some of the winners that walk away with their champion chips tonight. Thank you so much. Thank you. We're coming right back here on Bodybuilding.com. This is the official stream for the 50th anniversary event. We are live at the Orleans in Las Vegas. Here on Bodybuilding.com. If you're 30 days out of a wedding, and if you're 30 days out of a show, if you just want to bring those abs and tighter because you've never really hit it, this program is going to show you how to get into your goal, physique, and 30 days. I'm going through 30 days of this program with you guys. Good morning. Hold in your hand, walk me through it, showing you emotionally what it's like to go through this program. This one's up, man. Showing you physically what it's like to go through this program. These are hard. I'm going to do TRS jumps. You're just sure working at the wedding. Go. This is 30 days out, maximizing your intensity and your time, getting you in peak condition through nutrition and supplementation and training. Your 30 days out? Dial it in. Growing up, I always wanted to be a great athlete, but I didn't really have an athletic body. I wanted to look apart and perform extremely well. I did not buy into, you had to have a great body or great aesthetics if you will, or perform well. I wanted both. I wanted it all. In the only way to do that was to train like an athlete. To make sure I actually did movements and watched my nutrition enough to have a great body. I'm just going to help you get both. I say you can have it all. Strength, character, athletics and aesthetics. I would always get a kick out of people that look like superheroes or super-athletics. But they couldn't do anything with it. I would ask someone who looks the part that can you swim. No, I can't swim. Can you run fast? They can't run fast. The concept of AMP comes from wanting to perform extremely well and have great aesthetics at the same time. What can you do? I'm a sight stand there and look in the mirror. We welcome you back. This is the official stream for Mr. Olympia, the 50th anniversary event. I'm Dave Farrell, Long-Sightlary, a papy always a pleasure to talk to you about these competitions. You know so much. There are so much to do because each of these competitors is coming in with a different story to tell. When they walk up on stage and we're talking about men's pre-judging, for Mr. Olympia, there are some big names. Of course, we're flanked here. Kai Green over here and Phil Heath on stage actually right now. These are our front runners in one and two. There are some very interested parties that want to work their way into the mix. Dennis Wolf really surprised a lot of people last year. Here at Mr. Olympia, then he rolls into the Arnold, gets himself to win there. How much of a threat is he to the crown of Phil Heath or maybe to a runner-up place? A spot that a lot of people think the Kai Green has locked up. Yeah, for me Dave, it's more about that second place. I mean, could he beat Phil Heath? He could, but you know, facts are facts. When we look at history, Phil Heath has been dominant at this contest. Phil Heath has had straight first place votes. So for people who say, oh, two years ago, Kai almost beat him, not in the judges' eyes, and that's what matters. So when we really look at that, I think there's a distance between Phil and a guy like Dennis. Not that, like we talked in the first segment, things can happen. Guys can be holding water. They can leave that door open a little bit. They could miss their condition by a little bit. And if they do, then anything can happen. We can have guys that were in fourth or fifth overtake that spot. But Dennis Wolf, the story with Dennis that I find very interesting, is that years ago, Dennis was so inconsistent with his conditioning. There was a year he was fifth, and then there was a year he was out of the top 15. And it was because he was learning his body. And that's where we talked about experience. And sometimes experience can be everything to these guys when it comes to peaking, perfectly the day of the contest. Dennis Wolf based on how he showed up here last year, and how he showed up at the Arnold Classic to win that event for the very first time, says to me, he's figured out what he has to do to be in shape. And an in-shape Dennis Wolf is trouble for anybody, including Kai, especially if Kai has left that door open a little bit. And when you talk about leaving the door open in competition, there's always somebody that comes along, it seems every year, and surprises the entire field. Who is the dark horse this year? Who is somebody that you're keeping eye on that you're going? This guy may come out and really shock people with the way he performs here in Mr. Olympia. Yeah, and let me clarify when I say this, I don't believe that the individuals I'm going to name here are going to win this contest. I don't believe they're going to be the runner up at this contest. But what I do believe is that there's a very good chance that when this contest is over to Mar-Night, we may say, wow, this guy really exceeded expectations. And the two names that pop in my head when I say that Dave, William Bonack, who last year, I don't think most party building fans really knew who he was. He's had a huge year there, right? He's had a fantastic year. He was second to Sean Roden at one event in Australia, one event earlier this year. He won a pro show, was second to Victor Martinez in Tampa just a couple of weeks ago. And just two years ago, he was competing in the two 12. And now has gone up to the open spectacular conditioning, good shape, good body builder. The other guy is really winkler. He last year, I think, was kind of a break out for him at the Olympia. He was seventh. He could have easily been sixth, maybe even fifth. And this year, he did have an accident. He had a motorcycle accident, so we don't know how that's affected him. But he did go in and win the Chicago Pro to qualify. He looked great. If he's in the condition he was in last year, we could see him move up that ladder, maybe get closer to a top five finish. Where do you expect extra Jackson to fall in the competition? I'm going to expect extra Jackson to be in the top five because history says that that's what's going to happen. We always want to say, gee, is this the year? He's gone too old. Yeah, he's doing it in the world. He's 44 years old. How much longer could he keep showing up in amazing condition? How much longer could he keep hanging? With the top guys in the world. And every year, when everybody's ready to write the retirement party and give them the gold watch, he shows up and slams the door on everybody out of the top five. So I still think he's going to be battling for that five six pot day. Branch Warren Victor Martinez, a couple of names that have been tossed around. Will they be in the top six? Will there be anywhere close to the top six? Or do you think that that ship has sailed for both of them? I feel like a top six ship has set sail. And that is not to diminish their careers. These are two individuals that have had stellar careers. They've won the Arnold Classic. They've both been run around here at the Olympia. And when Victor Martinez took second to Jake Huttler in 2007, the majority of people not sitting on the judging panel thought Victor Martinez was Mr. Olympia that night. So these are guys who have had fantastic careers take nothing away from it. But Father Time is undefeated. And they have come to point where it's harder. Victor spoke at the press conference about his injury. He's making it harder for him to continue to come in a hundred percent like he used to. But he makes no excuses. He's a fantastic bodybuilder with great shape branch. Had a bad adding here last year. Everybody was able ready to write him off like we were talking about with extra. He goes in to Dallas, Europa, wins the contest. Not against the stiffness of competition, but wins it to qualify and come back. I would think that if either one of them finish on that seven to 10 range, that they've had a good outing for where they're at in their careers right now. And the final thing for people with that are maybe new to watching the bodybuilding.com stream of the Mr. Olympia event. What exactly are people looking for tonight as they're watching? This pre-judging and how much does it mean to the competition tomorrow? Pre-judging is virtually everything at this competition. We are going to have an excellent idea. In fact, we're going to have an almost defined idea of where these athletes are. In a minimum, we're going to know the judges are comparing these three four five athletes for the top five. They may bring out two at the end. And that's going to tell us it's between one and two. So the pre-judging is interesting to read. Sometimes it can become a little more confusing, depending on how the judges move them around. But we're going to learn a lot over the next couple of hours. And when we walk out of here tonight, we're going to have a very good idea of who's in contention for this contest, who's not in contention for this contest. And one thing I'm very curious to see is what are the judges do with Big Ramey this year? Let's find out. This is the official pre-show. It's coming to a close right now because the competition is set to get underway. That's Larry Pepe, I'm Dave Ferrell, joining you. That is other side of the broadcast. Thank you so much for being with us here on Bodybuilding.com.