20 million customers came. And the finals are here ladies and gentlemen, the 50th annual Mr. Olympia is live in Las Vegas tonight. I'm Dave Ferrell alongside Larry Peppy and a very familiar face joining us in the middle. Mr. Jay Keller, how you doing, man? Good to see you guys. Great to see you too. You are a four time Mr. Olympia. So of course, you are no stranger to the competition, especially the finals. If you could though in your own words, just put into words, what the competitors are feeling is going into the finals tonight, how the anticipation is built after all these months and months of work. Well, let's say they're about half more relaxed than they were last night because obviously it can have an idea how they did the prior night and they kind of got to eat and drink a little bit. Maybe some on offer diet doesn't really make difference. It's just to get their bodies back in tune. And of course, hydrate themselves and create a little more. I think a little more fullness is the most important thing. So tonight, of course, we've got what seems to be a fair league clear one and two between Philly, Thin Kai Green. I see you sort of shaking your head. What are your thoughts on that? You know, last night I sat in the front row, dead center. I had a better seat than most of the judges. And I thought Sean Rodin gave a pretty solid showing. I thought he was probably the most improved Kai Green. I think just he just didn't really bring what I expected him to bring and Philly didn't either. So it was kind of like, between those guys, it was really, it was just really hard to really, you're kind of looking at both of them. And then you're looking at Sean who was really on the money. I thought it was, you know, is it was close? Do you think there's a possibility we could see a huge upset tonight? You know, I don't think we're seeing upset. I think Philly's going to run with this thing. I think Philly's going to come back kind of like I did all the years that I, that I always was better Saturday night. So I think he's going to kind of just, you know, do what he needs to do come back and you're going to see, I think you're going to see Phil 20% better than last night, honestly. And Jay, one of the things that we talked a lot on the webcast about was some athletes, Kai Green, Sean Roden and Big Ramey. Literally, we're transforming during the pre-judging. They came out watery and as they continued to pose, they seemed to get dryer and dryer. Dennis Wolf to me looked very conditioned but flat for Dennis Wolf. And that's what you're seeing. I mean, speaking from a competitor side, I've been there. You know, I was always better Saturday night. I always came in a little flatter on Friday. I needed to be fuller. And as you start posing that food starts working its way, you know, the body starts showing a little more. And I think that's why, you know, Saturday, you always show up better. You're, you know, you can fill up a little bit, dehydrated a little more and then you're boom right on the money. Yep, some time to improvise. So that's 24 hours. Yeah. What are your thoughts on the intensity between Kai and Phil? We always saw a fight last night on stage. I thought it was going to go to blows. I mean, I kind of put myself in that position. I don't know what I would have done. Honestly, I have to side with, I'm sitting back. And, you know, of course, I'm very friendly with Phil. And, you know, I'm very neutral with Kai. But at the same time, I thought Kai was a little disrespectful. I mean, flip this hair on to Phil. And then, of course, you know, he started bumping in the front. Double-by, separate rear double-by, so I figured what it was. But, I mean, it was just, it was kind of uncold for, in my opinion. And I think, you know, Kai's trying to be aggressive, but I think it's getting a little overboard. And Phil handed it, you know, like the professional that he is, Mr. Limpia. And, you know, this is, this is, it's still Phil's stage. It has to be respected. I was surprised in that final call out, especially because it looked to me. And I agree with you. I don't think Phil was 100%, I don't think Kai was 100%. I think Kai started to improve as the pre-judging went on. And they purposely kept them at the corners, with rodent and wolf in between. And I was saying on the webcast, I would really like to see them bring the two together. I wonder if they're afraid to bring them together, because of what we just saw. Would you have like to see in that final call out? And do you think maybe they shy away from it because of what went on? Well, you know, from the past, I mean, it's been, I mean, I remember Phil and I got called out last call out in a lot of the shows. You know, Ronnie and myself got called out top two. I mean, there was really no need to bring extra guys in when you kind of figure, okay, who are the top guys? So it makes me kind of wonder, okay, are they for sure who know who's second? I mean, if they kept rodent and they mixed wolf in there, did they keep them separate? I don't think these guys have to that would have gone into the extreme of actually going at it again. I think they kind of knew the Steve Weinberg kind of showed his, it can emotions a little bit and kind of expressed like enough as enough guys. That's the most aggressive I've ever heard of. Wow, that was just, you know, he was screaming and I mean, it was, you know, I think the crowd was a little tense. I think it was kind of, you know, some people see it as kind of like, you know, poor sportsmanship, some people say, wow, this is really like kind of cool, you know, you've never seen that on Olympia stage, but, you know, we're in the professional ranks. It's, I can see that on an amateur stage, but I when you have the two top guys that are er, you're promoting this contest and you know, the kind of look that is the two front runners, it's hard to get them battling and almost going to blows on stage. I mean, you know, this isn't wrestling, you know, I'm saying, it's not really aggressive. We do have an octagon up to straight out. Yeah. I'm sure. You could have been a riff on up for us. Do you think of that could potentially affect the judges, even if it's a very subliminal thing. If the judges are seeing this sort of, some people are calling it disrespect by Kai Green, could that creep into their subcoaches and maybe affect the outcome? You know what, I don't think so. I think that, I think these guys know that there's some tension. I mean, obviously, this thing's built up, you know, they've been bounced, you know, first or second for three years now, you know, Arnold classics. I mean, it goes into other contests too. There's been a lot of hype. I think that there's just a lot of tension personally between the two. You saw that the press conference, I think the whole weekend's been kind of created a drama around those two. It's kind of taken a little bit from the other athletes. But, you know, those two are the guys that, you know, everyone seems to be talking about from the last few years. And I mean, it's, it's showing on stage. And I don't think it's really going to make a difference. I think it's going to come down tonight who knocks whoever out, meaning with the physique, not with the blows. Yeah. All right. If you would be so bold to give us your top five. I would say, Phil Heath, I'm going to personally go with Sean Rodin for second, Kai Green third. I'm going to put Dennis with fourth. I would say, Dexter Jackson probably fifth. And then one final question for you. A lot of people have been talking about where you sit right now because last year we had the pleasure of seeing you back on stage. Are you going to compete again or are you retired at this point? I have no future plans to compete at this point. Obviously, it's nice to be standing here with my clothes on for once. I was going to say, this is unusual because usually when I'm up here with you, I hear metals clanking and you have no shirt off. I'm sure if you mail you were disagree with whatever. So, you know, it's kind of nice to stand here and in be a part of it. Obviously, I'm doing a lot of different things now. I just launched a supplement brand called the Nutrition. And of course, I'm promoting a lot of NPC events. But I'm here supporting the guys. And of course, don't involved with the AMI organization. And of course, the IFBB. So, right now my focus is on that. Do I plan to compete probably not? But I hate to say never. Does being here start to stir it up at all? I sat in the front row and I was very happy doing that. You're cheesy. Watching. You know what? I do not miss the stress. I do not miss. You know what? I missed the crowd. You know, last night accepted the award for new brand of the airbodyland.com. And I was like, wow, you know, that crowd, you know, energy. I'm going out there in a sweater and everything. And then it's funny because it's like I went back. I missed that crowd, you know, jack out there, you know. But it's kind of nice to be on the other side and just watching it. And did I miss it not not one single bit? Even being at the expo being surrounded by the pouring fan. And listen, I love the expo. I love the fans. You know, they still think I'm the champ. Some people wish me luck for tonight. So you don't correct them. I got it. You know, good luck. Sometimes it's easier just not to correct people. I could not do you know, I can beat the Olympian. I saw the tweets. You see it all. I mean, you see it on social. I'm just like, oh, thanks. Thanks so much. Jake, I thought there's going to win and fill he, you know, Ronnie Coleman's going to be up there too. You know, that would be an upset. Right? If Coleman wants tonight, that'd be a big upset. Jay, thanks so much for your time. And I really appreciate it. I appreciate you guys having me on. I appreciate all the fans out there. You're still watching you guys are in for a big show. So stay tuned. We'll talk more about the men's to 12 as well as the men's open. And some of the ladies competition coming up in just a moment. From the 50th annual Mr Olympian live-in Las Vegas, we'll be right back here on Bodybuilding.com. Day 1, Motivations High, Gears Packs, Your Unstoppable, You lose fat, build muscle, transform, but it doesn't last. Days pass, desire drops, fitness goals become fitness dreams again. Because fitness starts on the inside, your brain is a circuit board that powers your body. If you know how you're wired, you can avoid your pitfalls. If you start with your mind, you can master your muscle. To achieve lasting success, you can't just repeat. You have to rewire. Take the rewire of personality test today. Discover who you are. Get fit for life. If you're 30 days out of a wedding, if you're 30 days out of a show, if you just want to bring those abs and tighter because you've never really hit it, this program is going to show you how to get into your goal, physique, and 30 days. I'm going through 30 days of this program with you guys. Hold in your hand, walk me through it, showing you emotionally what it's like to go through this program. This one's up, man. Show you physically what it's like to go through this program. These are hard. I'm going to do TRR jumps. Little shirt. Working at that bed. This is 30 days out, maximizing your intensity and your time, getting you in peak condition through nutrition and supplementation and training. You're 30 days out, dilute it. We are just minutes away from the finals getting underway here in Las Vegas for the 50th annual Mr. Olympia. I am Dave Ferro joining me now on stage with Felicia Romero, always pleasure to see you and Kathleen to Sory as well. Ladies, just to reflect on what we saw last night with some of the action that took place, you know, it's been almost 24 hours now in case anyone missed the post show. We saw some really big historic moments. Let's start by talking about Iris Kyle after winning her tenth full title here at Olympia. She decided to retire. What are your thoughts on Iris her career in whole as a whole and then what you decided to do last night? Right. I know just watching her emotional farewell and her announcement to retire was emotional for me just because I've been, you know, coming to the Olympia now for nine, ten years and seeing her consistently come to the shows with a positive attitude. She's such a sweet woman, worked extremely hard and is super humble and is just a down to earth person. So to see that and to actually experience it firsthand, her emotional farewell is just a really neat experience for me, you know, coming to the Olympia now for ten years. So, you know, I enjoyed it. Now I feel the same way as Felicia, you know, I've been coming about six years and she's always been a very sweet down to earth person. She always gives most emotional speeches on stage. So to be here for the 50th Olympia, her tenth win and to be able to speak with her in person was pretty phenomenal. I'm talking to some friends about it today and the fact that she won her tenth full title and then decided that she was done was kind of the equivalent of like dropping the mic as you leave the stage, you know, because just like such a boss thing to do. Right. You just got to go out while you're on top. Yeah, I'm done. And then we also saw some new developments with with ongoing winning competitors. Oksana, of course, in fitness and then Ashley repeating in bikini, it was really very impressive to see these young ladies come back after great performances at the Arnold, and then of course, the Olympia last year. And then doing it again this year, what were your thoughts on both those ladies starting their own legacies? Yeah. I mean, they both impressed me just because they come to each show better and better. You know, and that's hard to do. And I had a we were talking about it last night. When you're on top, it's a lot harder to stay on top than it is trying to chase that first place person or that one who, you know, keeps winning the show. So it's impressive that they just keep bringing their great physique. So Oksana brings amazing routines every single time, the amount of creativity that comes into these routines is just amazing. So it's extremely impressive. And you know, hopefully they can stay up there and continue their legacy, but there's always going to be those competitors, you know, trying to scramble the chase after. So it's it's really nice to see. Yeah, Oksana's been one of my favorites for so many years. I remember first watching her and not seeing her place as high as I thought to, I was a newbie to the sport. So it was good to see her on top at the Arnold and then again at the Olympia. And also, you know, what was really fun was the rookie Janet Janet Lee was really fun to see her because we watched her at the Arnold and knew she was a contender. And then to see her come on top at the Olympia, it was really exciting. Yeah, she has many years, some awesome, you know, experiences. She's going to just continue to keep growing as a competitor. So yeah. Earlier today, we saw a men and women's physique wrap up. And there was a bit of an upset on the women side, right? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Although, you know, it's crazy because, you know, watching as a spectator and watching the physique and, you know, you, they have their favorites. You know, everyone has their favorites. And and that's, that's all, you know, fine. But when you see the physique on stage and when you see them being compared to one another, that's when weaknesses and flaws are, you know, sort of stand out and exposed. And Julie on a just had better muscle belly. She was rounder. She was fuller. She had, more muscle. So I think it was well deserved, you know, definitely. I mean, Dana Land Bailey's an awesome physique. She has an amazing amount of fan base. So, but Julie on a really, really brought that package. So, so you thought she gets the win and it's deserved. It wasn't an upset wherever one's going. What just happened is it was something that they got it right. It was fair. Absolutely fair. Yeah, my phone lit up when that happened. But it definitely was fair. Yeah. Let's talk about women's figure that is being finalized tonight here on Saturday, I'm Mr. Olympia. We've got some pretty clear front runners who's in the running right now and who are your early predictions. In the running, well, Nicole Wilkins and Kenna's keen. Kenna's Lewis is up there. You know, we probably have her in that fourth or fifth spot. But Kenna's keen and Nicole Wilkins are your two front runners. Nicole bringing a bigger package. I honestly, you know, I love Nicole. I love her physique. But she is a lot more muscular than she's ever been. I really feel it's getting up there closer to, you know, almost a little bit of a step down from physique. My opinion, beautiful girl. I'm Kenna's keen always looks on point. It could have been a little sharper at pre-judging in the glutes, hamstring area. But it's going to be really close. And I'm just excited to see how I'm just ready. I want it to happen right now. I know. I know. It's going to be exciting. Well, we're minutes away from not just that getting underway. But of course, the two 12 finals and then of course the open finals as well. $750,000 in total prize money up for grab in the men's finals. $250,000 going to the winner alone. So big money on the lines and I'd certainly exciting times as the whole community comes together. We certainly appreciate you watching. We'll be right back Larry Pepe, we get a join me back on stage. We'll talk about the men's two 12 and the men's open. It's the bodybuilding.com stream. For Mr. Olympia, the 50th anniversary live from Las Vegas. You must decide. A moment when you know that you've given it everything you have. Pushing your body and mind to the limit of what is possible. Coming what other stuff was in us. And that's the moment you push further. It's a push fueled by the all new NOX flow. The original free workout igniter. Now, re-engineer for explosive energy enhanced endurance and maximum performance. The new NOX flow. Push your limits. Then push further. Not every legend is a myth. Some of flesh and blood. Some legends walk along us. But they're born. They're built. Legends are made from iron and sweat. Mind and muscle. Blood and vision and victory. Legends and champions. The grow. They win. They conquer. Legend behind every legacy. There's a blueprint behind every legend. I'm on my trots and I. This is my blueprint. And welcome back. We are live here in Las Vegas at the Orleans Day Fair. Long-satellary Peppy. We are heading into the finals. Before we get into it, there's somebody that you want to give a shout out to because he's working hard on the Olympia webcast Twitter accounts tonight. He's making sure to keep all the fans informed that aren't able to watch the stream or be here live. Absolutely Roger. Lockridge got to say thank you for all the work that you're doing. On the webcast, letting people know on Twitter everything that we're doing here tonight. So thank you Roger. Value will play by playing. We just talked about the ladies' physique with Felicia and Kathleen here on stage. But the men's physique also wrapped up earlier today. And a bit of a surprise to some people, the winner from last year didn't even make the top five this year. Yeah, I think that's one of the big stories. And Jeremy Buenita took the overall in the men's physique, which was interesting because when you saw a lot of the previews coming into the event, Jeremy wasn't the guy people were pointing to. He came in. He looked great. He beats Sadik who was kind of like the fan favorite kind of like the guy that everybody was pointing to as the potential winner. And he walks away our second men's physique Olympia champion. And Sadik did get that runner up as a result. He took the runner up spot. In the men's two 12, we've got to herself a bit of a storyline as well. Flex Lewis hands down clear it away appears to be a massive front runner at this point. But it's not of course said and done just yet. However, there is something interesting beyond that. What's going on in the two 12? There's something very interesting. For the first time, David Henry is not contending for this title. He is solidly at best in fourth. There was a final call out. They brought out three. And the name David Henry was not red. That is very unusual for any Olympia lightweight competition. David a former champion and a consistent runner up at this event to Flex Lewis. So what happened? Is it worth it? He's a little bit off. And Eduardo Korea is head to toe peeled. We saw pictures because of course these competitors have to weigh in. They have to be 212 pounds or less. They weighed in on Wednesday night. Pictures got out from the way in and Eduardo Korea was feathered head to toe. He is in ridiculous condition. I think he's probably going to take that runner up spot contending with him for that spot is Jose Raymond. And let's not forget David that this is the year the Flex Lewis said. He's calling it quits in the two 12 moving up to the open. So in some ways that runner up spot more important this year than ever because it kind of sets the table for who the front runner is going to be going forward. Well, and Flex Lewis saying that this is going to be his last year competing at two 12 and then he's moving up to the men's open. There's been a lot of people that have been very critical of that. And some people would say rightfully so because right now he's the king at two 12. But moving up to the open is again a beat somebody like a Phil Heath at this point today it seems fairly unlikely. But there's also a lot more prize money that's involved in the men's open. You're talking about a quarter million dollars going to the winner as opposed to $40,000 going to the winner for two 12. Do you think the money has anything to do with it or is it more just like he wants to get his bequeat and get a new set of competition in front of him? Well, you know what? We're going to find out if he wins when we interview him after. But you know, I have to be honest if it's me and I'm the best guy in the world at what I do in a particular division. I'm going to stay in that division. I'm going to set a record that nobody can come close to and I'm going to make my money off sponsorship for being the most dominant human being in the world at what I do in my weight class. He certainly not going to be a Phil Heath. So he's not going to be Mr. Olympia. To me the bigger issue is why not stay the world champion for as long as you possibly can and just become known as the Ronnie Coleman of the two 12. But that's a personal decision. I'm not the athlete. I'm not flex Lewis. Maybe he just wants to challenge himself and see how far he can go. Maybe he knows that he's limiting his body somehow by making that two 12 will certainly ask him afterwards if he comes home the winner. Which I think it's a pretty good chance for going to be talking to him after the show. Pretty good chance. We'll see. We'll see. The men's open of course is wrapping up tonight and we've got a lot of story lines involved in that before we get into like the individual competitors talk about that 18 to 24 hour shift because of course we saw the pre-judging last night and there's at times a very distinct different between what we see on Friday night and then what we see on Saturday night. So what happens over this 24 hours that could entirely change the game? Well over these 24 hours we're going to see water being manipulated. We're going to see guys who would two flat who went in eight and come back filled out and looking more like the muscle is bursting at the skin. And I have to be honest, they feel like this Olympia is one of the more disappointing Olympias from a standpoint of how many of the athletes were really in shape. How many of them really showed us the best that we've seen them? I would say Sean Roden if he dries out a little bit more could be significantly better than we've ever seen him. Phil Heath I don't think is good as last year. Kai Green I don't think is good as last year Dennis Wolf definitely not as good as last year. Dexter Jackson I think as well better. So I think there's room with this 18 to 24 hour window. One thing that was fascinating to me and we talked about it on the webcast was we just literally were watching some guys change on stage before our eyes. They would come out and have no masculinity in their legs, have very little separation in their legs. By the end of the pre-judging all of a sudden we were seeing masculinity. We were seeing separation that absolutely was not there a half hour before. That's an indication that that athlete is holding water and that as they pose they're drying out in front of our eyes. Now with an 18 to 24 hour period we could see them come back much drier. We could see some people overdo it and become too dehydrated or overdo it the other way and spill over with water or Dennis Wolf may eat up and fill out and look like the monstrous Dennis Wolf we've been used to. The one thing that is fascinating about these finals is that I have a feeling we're going to see some very different physics up there than perhaps we saw last night. It's such an interesting balance. These athletes trying to get it exactly right and I know that you spent a lot of time in this past year working on a book called The Free Contest Bible specifically geared towards the women competitors but you had already written one for the men competitors talk about just what you've learned as you've written these two books how you've really dialed in or tried to figure out exactly how these athletes dial in the exact moment and getting it right when they walk out on stage to compete. Yeah one thing that definitely fascinated me was that the champion seemed to have such a detailed approach because of their experience that we put in there like sometimes down to my new details you wouldn't even think about in terms of timing in terms of fluid in terms of food so it is fascinating to look at the different approaches and see as well, from division to division you see different approaches. Not when I did the men's book but in the women's book and you see different approaches in terms of drying out filling out all these details and to me it's fascinating because obviously if we chose them to be in the book there's among the best in the world but there are approaches of so diverse and that is the advantage for a guy like Phil Heath a guy like Kair Green who has done this many times. That experience if you're a smart athlete and you do this for this show and you saw well you know what I could have been a bit drier than when you do your next prep you change it around a little bit to take advantage of that experience and that's why the new guys at the Olympia have that bigger challenge because not only are they dealing with distress a being at their first Olympia like big rainy last year versus this year but they're also dealing with learning their bodies and at the end of the day bodybuilding anything in this industry is so individual that what works for athlete A may not work at all for athlete B so there's a lot of trial and error and experience becomes unbelievably important. Let's talk about some of the specific competitors are going to be on stage tonight for the men's open vying for that top prize of $250,000 of course. Phil Heath who is the rain champion right now seems to be the clear front runner Kai Green is right of the mix with them but then Jay Colour who joined us on stage a little bit earlier during the pre show said that he thinks that there's a real possibility that Sean Rodin will pull that upset over Kai and come in second place. Yeah listen with that 24 hour period anything is possible. My my issue with the pre judging last night was that Kai got better as the pre judging went on. I thought Phil faded a little bit at the end and I was very disappointed as we talked about on the broadcast this isn't quarterback in on Monday. We said right then I hope that they pull Kai and Phil together because that seems like the comparison that you would want to see at this point in the pre judging Kai was drying out and it would have been interesting to see them next to one another but we didn't see that comparison at the end which is unusual because if you go back to Olympios when we had Jay Stanton here he said yeah you know they always brought me out with Phil they brought me out with Ronnie but they didn't do that and in in in some ways I can't help but think that they would concern that maybe just maybe that that heated rivalry would overtake the stage. And that would you miss the pre judging last night they almost came to blows at one point there was you know Phil was standing there in Kai whipped his hair around and then their feet touched and there've been a lot of joying at the press conference that day before it got so heated that one of the judges grabbed the microphone and was screaming at them at the top of his lungs to separate they were jarring it looked like it was getting really intense on stage so the fact that they didn't put them together could really hurt Kai if you say that Phil was fading and Kai was getting better it could really affect the outcome of this competition. It's very possible I mean what do you beat him I still think Phil Heath has the better package on stage this weekend do I think he nailed it no do I think I nailed it no but at the end of the day when you're a competitor and we're judging these things it doesn't matter what you look like last year it doesn't matter that you're capable of better what matters is are you the best today and last night for me Phil Heath was number one Kai Green was number two Sean Road number three Dennis Wolf number four and Dexter Jackson number five could that flip with 24 hours and everything we've been talking about about how physics fill out dryout and change sure could but as of right now we haven't seen him on stage yet tonight and until we that's the order that I have them in so far we got about 30 seconds till we're going to kick it over the broadcast but who are a couple of more names that people should keep an eye on tonight that you think looked interesting coming into the pre- judging you know what victim Martinez looked really good and branch-worn looked really good they both I think regain some of their old form branch-worn was that shredded branch-worn that we've become accustomed to victim Martinez was in very good condition of course beautiful shape to his physique so I think both of them bear watching because these are two guys we talked about in the pre-show really needed a good outing here to stay relevant at the upper echelon of the sport we are set to go the finals of the 50th anniversary of Mr. Olympia here in Las Vegas set to get underway we'll join you on the other side of the broadcast that's Larry Pepey on day fair thanks so much for watching the official stream here on bodybuilding.com