Alright, five weeks out from Berlin. A lot of things going through a month at the moment making sure my body feels nice and intact, but also at the same time, my mind is not getting overwhelmed with trying to run too fast and all those kind of things in between. Week over week, I'm gonna be partnering up with bodybuilding.com, which I'm super excited about. To give you an insight scoop of me working my full-time, nine to five, and my outside jobs in my five-finine, well as how I train inside of all that. With the goal of trying to go under three-third and you into my training from my long runs to my community runs with more than miles, my strength training and my speed workouts, and how I train for a marathon with a full-time job. That I'm not a professional athlete whatsoever. I'm just an average guy who is a nine to five, who is trying to run as many world majors as I can inside the next year. Stay tuned and follow the journey and a huge shoutout to bodybuilding.com for making this all happen. MUSIC All right, so we're off to recovery with Cheneyde. If you guys know the old performance house, the steps in this facility were wild. She's the best in the business. I've gone over this 15 times. I'm Cheneyde, Bernan's, and I'm a soft tissue specialist, and we can't just really go in there deep and try and find and see what's tight, what's maybe pulling on something else, and what's causing the pain? Well, you don't know. Also about Cheneyde, is that she treats some of the best athletes, but also a ton of athletes in New York City. I've known her since 2018, and I trust her more than anyone. All right, we're going to get into this. So we're getting internal rotation here. It keeps like internal rotation for the joints. These fight against each other. That's why we always have sometimes techniques in the hips. And if we've got nice loose hips, we've got nice abductors, which potentially don't give us some hamstring strings. And then we're going to now work on the hamstring calf. Well, it's we're pounding a lot in the rules. Nice and tight. The ankle joint. So we get this to move and be nice and loosey. We will have nice, happy calf hamstrings. So session number one is down. Walk me through what we're some of the things that we noticed in today's session and things that I can improve on heading into next week. Don't cheese on your T-Spine mobility. Your T-Spine has rotation. Your hips has to do less work. So like, Ronin is just not all legs. We've got to use our arms. We've got to be loose to go see here. To keep everything else moving. 22 miles. This starts to cave in. Chest starts to cave in. You'll see a lot of people, especially in their first marathon. They're like full. We want to stay upright. So we want to work on your T-Spine strength. A lot of back, a lot of chest. Don't cheat that. Hips, as I said, always touch. Coping here can plant is a must for all runners. Variations, you can start off easy and then you can progress. But they're definitely one. And then just your typical joints. Just keep everything happy. Like do your mobility and hydrate. You grab the last time. Yeah, no one's popular, but they feel good. So track night. 10 by 800. 90 second rest in between. That's the program for today. Oh, now. Stuff six. Let's go back. Wait down. Stay down to three. We're going to preseason, baby. What the f*** me. You've played soccer track. You just know there's a moment where like preseason starts and you're like, I hate my life. I hate you so much. I hate everything. Oh, I don't want to do it. Cruze it. Cruze it. Eight down. Two to go. If you stayed on there three minutes for each 800 split, which is staying well below my goal of six, 15 from a mile. So continuing on this pace. Try to stay on there three minutes. We'll keep rocking a roll. Final one. We stayed out of the three minutes. Three, eight hundred. This last one. We'll try and go like sub 245. See what happens. Let's go. Two thirty six. Let's go. All right, game plan for today. Sixteen miles. We're going to be going out the first four. Probably like 70% effort. And then we're going to go negative splits to the back of my home. I'm not going to run the camera with me, but what I'll do is I'm going to do a little post run recap. Talk about how everything felt all that kind of good stuff. Long runs. It's early. It never gets easier. We are done with our sixty miles. Game plan for that was every four. We're going to try and find a little bit of a push. So you know, my first four miles were about 60% effort. 70% effort, 80% effort. And then we got to that threshold for the final four. My legs are tired. They are definitely feeling it today. Had some good help from Christian and Mo. But yeah, good day, good miles. So two. So game plan today, we got a little upper body. We got a little bit of conditioning on the skier. It did a lot of lower body this week, especially with the long runs. So A Centai are going to focus on some upper body strength. Nice looking body. You got some nice veins. The blue veins very nice, lovely. Nice looking. Hi, Kel. It's going to be a body going there. We're seeing it in the flesh. In the flesh. Finally. I do Bob shows us it in the middle. Hi, what do you kill? This is the top. I'm doing something easy. 5k and then 8k. 1k. I don't have enough. It's not incredible. Great footage. Which is how to do it. I'm not doing it. I'm not doing it. I'm not doing it. Who's today? Yes, yes, yes. Yes, oh, you're having it. Kel in it, easy for easy for me. This isn't dry, this is the kill. Thank you. Perfect, why do you send a steering wheel? Yes, send a steering wheel. Yes, send a steering wheel. The theme song? You found glory, hit her miss.