Here are three reasons why you might be feeling the hip thrust in your quads or your hamstrings or even the lower back before you start to feel in the glutes. Let me explain. Here's where I'm going to place the bar. I'm going to bring the bar right to the top of my thigh where I'm going to be folding at the hip. So, I'm going to just get down like this as opposed to the normal setup where I would roll the bar over my thighs because I'm not using weights. So, I'm going to sink down. Now, the first mistake that people will get along is they're positioning their body too high up on the bench or too low on the bench. You want to have the edge of this bench directly underneath your shoulder blades. So, now when you come down in the bottom position, this is where you are and then when you come up, this is the top position. I'm not keeping my head like this because now I'll feel it. I'll be straining my neck and I'll feel it in my neck. Keep in my chin tucked and my placement is here for the bench. The second thing that people might get wrong is they have their feet too far out. Like this, you're going to feel that a lot more in the hamstrings or they have their feet too far underneath and you might feel this in the quads. So, what you want to do is keep the heels directly underneath the knees, the perfect particular to the ground. Your hands are perfect to the ground so when you come up, you have this close to a 90 degree angle in your knee. So, the third and most important is incorporating the posterior pelvic tilt to engage the glue to go through the movement. So, I'm going to stand up and show you guys how to do that. Incorporating the posterior pelvic tilt to her and the hipthro sexercise is beneficial for building the glutes because it optimizes the activation of the glue to your muscles. When you tell your pelvis posteriorly, you create a deeper stretch in the glue muscles at the bottom of the movement and ensure that you fully engage throughout the entire range of motion. This increased activation results in greater muscle recruitment and ultimately leads to more effective glute development and strength gains. Comment below if you found these tips helpful. As always, don't have a good against yourself. Share this video with a friend and enjoy the pump.