Bigger shoulders can make your waist look smaller, giving you the appearance of a bigger, broader, more powerful upper body. Not to mention, boosting self confidence, feeling more attractive, but here's where a lot of guys go wrong. Number one is neglecting the rear delts. Many guys will look in the mirror and attempt to visualize the improvements in their physique by building on what they do see, which is usually the anterior and lateral portion of the delts, while completely neglecting what they don't see, which is the rear or posterior portion of the delts. If you want to give yourself the appearance of having bigger shoulders, you must train rear delts. This will make your shoulders look much smaller, especially from the side angle. Some of my favorite exercises for building the rear delts are cable rear delflies. Unilateral rear delts cable flies or any variation of a high row. Number two is improper exercise sequencing. Instead of placing lateral raises towards the end of your workout, please nimit the beginning while your shoulders are fresh. Sequencing your workouts by prioritizing the underdeveloped or weaker muscle groups towards the beginning of your workout can help improve muscular and balances. And don't worry, your overhead pressing performance won't be hindered as much as you think, being that the medial delts are not as engaged in pressing movements as much as the anterior delts. Number three is stop-ingol lifting. I see guys cheating themselves on shoulder exercises more than any other muscle group. Just because you can get the weight up doesn't mean it will make you grow. I can say with confidence, I lift half the weight of guys half my size and for a good reason. Pick a weight that you can control through a full range of motion and learn to make lightweight feel heavy. When it comes to stimulating a hypertrophic response, yes, you need mechanical tension, but it has its place and that's after good quality controlled reps. It's not one or the other. Comment below if you found these tips helpful or if you want to see similar videos covering other muscle groups. And as always, don't have all the gains to see yourself share this video with the friend and enjoy the pop.