So today is your strength one workout. You're going to be doing chest legs and back. This workout you're going to start with a dynamic warmup. You're going to move into your stress series and then you're going to do two different circuits. Each exercise in the circuit is going to be comprised of 30 seconds. Then you also have a bonus round. In the bonus round you're going to grow around that circuit two times and that is optional and for you clutch over a choose. And the equipment that you're going to need today is a pull-up bar, a set of dumbbells or resistance bands. And for today's workout we have clutch body shop athlete, professional firefighter and former NFL football player, Michael Gasperson joining us. And remember for today's workout and every single workout in the clutch life 24-7 fitness trainer you can follow along at home in real time using your tablet, smartphone, TV or computer. So let's get started with the strength one workout and begin our dynamic warmup. Starting with jogging in place, Michael's going to get a started. Each one of these exercises in this dynamic warmup is going to be completed at total of 30 seconds. And again, every warmup that you do is part of this trainer should be on a scale of 7 to 10, 10 being the highest intensity that you can have. So you want to, you really want to be pushing it during the warmup, we want to get the muscles ready to do work. So just about 10 seconds left. I feel like say Michael. Ready to kill it? Okay, but you've made it. 4, 3, 2, 1. Good moving on to the next exercise, jumping jacks. Here we go. So Michael's taking a nice, wide stance. Don't have ass jumping jacks. I hate seeing people at the gym kind of going like this. Come all the way up, bring your feet nice and wide. Good, just about halfway there. Good. Supporting that you're really focusing during your workout, getting your mind in the zone for the workout that is about to take place. Good. 4, 3, 2, 1. Good. We're going to get right into butt kicks, warm the hamstrings up. Good, Michael. If you can just turn to the side, show the people at home. The angle. So his knee is staying right underneath his hips and that leg is just coming right back to his butt and kicking it, hence the name, but kicks. Good. Keeping the upper body nice and relaxed. While you're warming up, you don't want to be holding your breath, you want to be breathing, you want to be loosening up. Good. Just about 10 seconds left. Good. 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Switching right into a switch kick with arm circles. So he's kicking those legs out, getting those shoulders nice and warmed up. Keep in mind that his arms are just parallel with his shoulders. We're trying to get the shoulder socket nice and warm. Get blood moving into all the muscles. Say, are about to work today. Good. 5 seconds left. 4, 3, 2, 1. Moving right into walking high knees. Let's get our hip flexors nice and warmed up. Michael did a lot of these back in his football days. We go. So again, with all of these warm-up exercises, you want to make sure that you're keeping your core nice and tight. You don't want to just kind of be throwing your body around. We're trying to tell the body, hey, guess what? We're getting ready to work. Keeping everything nice and engaged. Good. 5, 4, 3, 2, and 1 perfect. All right. So that concludes our dynamic warm-up. We're going to move right into our stretch series. Perfect. You ran into it. Our first exercise is a seated hamstring stretch. So he is going to sit on his butt. His feet are coming straight out in front of him. Good. He's just reaching out. See, he dropped his head immediately when he did these because he knows. It's highly conditioned athlete. You should feel this at home coming all the way down your back and right into your hamstrings. If you can't get all the way out to your feet again, that's okay. You can always hold on to the back of your calf because by the end of this program, you should be able to get out to your toes. Okay, good. So he's going to come up. He's going to shake it out and he's going to go right back into that stretch. And again, the reason that we do each one of these stretches twice is because your body's natural response to being stretched is designed to protect itself. So if I was a step out of my car and twist my ankle, that stretch, my body's natural inclination is going to be to fight against that. So when we go into the first stretch, you're going to find that you feel a little bit tighter on that first stretch by that second stretch your body goes, oh hey, I'm not injured. I'm just stretching. And so you're able to get deeper into that stretch, which is exactly what we want. Good. All right, come all the way up. You're going to move right into our next stretch, which is a quad stretch. So Michael's going to stand up. Again, you can also do this stretch on the ground if you're so inclined. He's just going to bring that foot right behind him. If you can't balance on one leg, that's okay. You can use something nearby to hold on to. Sometimes as your body's getting warmed up, your balance may feel a little bit off and that's completely fine. So again, Michael's keeping that knee right below his hip and his foot is straight back. Again, through these stretches, you want to make sure that your breathing don't hold your breath, don't hold tension in your face. Sometimes I see people stretching and they literally look like, ah, you should be relaxed during this time period. Good and relaxed. You're going to shake that out. He's going to go right back into it. One more time. The more you breathe through these stretches, the more you're going to oxygenate, the muscles that are about to work and that's exactly what we want. Also, when you pump oxygen into the muscles, it's going to help the muscles carry relaxed. You're going to get more out of these stretches. Good, just about halfway there on the second stretch. And second slap. Five, four, three, two, and one perfect. Let's move it over to the other side. And again, when you're going through this stretch series, you really want to be mentally getting yourself your head should be in the game. Should it be looking around if you're in a gym, you shouldn't be looking around seeing what other people are doing. If you're at home, you shouldn't be hex messaging. This is the time to really set your intention and to get your head in the game for what's about to happen, which is you're going to give a hundred percent to this workout just like you are with every single workout in this trainer. That's how you're going to get the results. At five more seconds left on the side, so in warm. Oh yeah. Good and relaxed. He's going to shake that out. Come right back up. Perfect. Perfect. Good, just about halfway there on the second round of quad stretch. This is going to be really, really important in the stretch for today's workout because we're doing a lot of legs. Good, five, four, three, two, one. Good. Moving right into a sumo squat stretch. He's going to take a nice wide base and just drop your hands right down to the ground. Yep, just let your butt drop all the way down. Michael can get a little wider on this stretch than I was able to during our bodyweight workout. Good. 10 seconds left. This is again excellent for warming up and opening up the hips. Our hips get really tight because we spend so much time sitting down. Good and relaxed. Just come up, shake it out. We're going to be right into the next round. Perfect. Again, he's keeping his back nice and straight. He's not bent over everything. He's in the perfect position for the stretch. Good, about halfway there. After we finish with this stretch, we're going to move right into our upper body stretches. Good. 10 seconds left and five, four, three, two, one. All right, on our feet, right into our dynamic chest stretch, he's just going to shake out. Again, he's not forcing it and ripping through his body. We're just getting the body nice and warmed up. Perfect. That's like perfect for him. He's killing it right out of the gate. 10 seconds left on this first round. Perfect. And part of this stretch, you may also fill this in your shoulders and that's great as well. Good and relax. Take it out. Moving right into the next round. Again, so off in at the gym, I see guys working out and they'll just pump chest all day and then they never stretch. And that's what really creates that kind of shoulder rotation forward. And over time, that's also what leads to injury. So with any clutch workout, we always have people warm up and stretch all areas of the body because that's what really is injury prevention, but believe it or not, you'll also get better results because the muscles are able to have better mobility and range of motion throughout good relax. And we're going to move right into our across the chest shoulder stretch. So he Michael's just going to pull this arm straight across. If you feel any sort of pinching in your chest when you do this exercise, that is an indication that you need to spend more time stretching your chest because as you're bringing that arm across, your chest is actually contracting. And if you feel that chest want to tighten up, just spend a couple of extra minutes stretching your chest against a wall or however you know against a machine, however you need to do it to make sure keeping those muscles nice and lengthen. Good, five seconds left on this right side. Good, and relax. Take it out. Oh, sorry about that. I mean to be hitting you. Moving right into the next round. Good. So again, we want to make sure you always want to make sure you're stretching your upper body appropriately. Sometimes people spend time stretching their lower body, never thinking to stretch their upper body. And it's so, so, so important by keeping those muscles nice and lengthened out, you're actually going to get better range of motion, better mobility. And over time, that's going to lead to greater strength gains. Good. Four, three, two, one, moving over to the other side. Especially for somebody like Michael who now has to spend his time fighting fires and carrying around tons of gear and carrying people out of buildings. It's so important to how that flexibility through your upper body. Last thing you want to do is catch cramp in a moment. It won't fit in like that, right? So it's probably super important for you. Good. Eight seconds left. Six, five, four, three, two, one, good time. So we're going to shake it out and move right into the second round. If you're short on time and you're going through these stretches, it is okay to complete each one of these stretches one time. But I always recommend to. But if you are short on time, the most important thing is at least you're stretching at least you're getting the body warmed up in prime for the workout appropriately. Good. Ten seconds left. Then we're going to move right into our tricep stretch. Good. Four, three, two, one, good. It moving right into our overhead tricep stretch. So again, Michael's pulling that arm right next to his head. His head is not doing this. His head is in a neutral position and he's just pressing down on that top elbow, top of his elbow rather. Just perfect. So I can see this is also coming down into his lot and that's exactly what it should be doing for you at home. You feeling it? I see a little sweat coming down already. It's about to go down. Good. Three, two, one, good. Relax. Shake it out. Move it into the next round. Perfect. Again, you guys during this time period, you really want to just be thinking about your intention for what today's workout is going to be. I think so so many times get to the gym and they get there and then they've got no intensity. Well that's because you did spend time on the way to the gym and meeting to being intense once you get into the gym and being focused. So take this time and use it to really get your head in the place it needs to be to give a hundred percent for today's workout. Good. Four, three, two, one. Good. Relax. Shake it out. Let's move onto the other side. So we have just about ten seconds left. Five, four, three, two and one. Perfect. You know so often I see people at the gym and they go, you know, how do you stay motivated? How do you get yourself in that zone? Well the truth is is that you have to get yourself in that zone on the way to the gym. You can't just show up to workout and be like, oh, now I feel intensity. You need to get yourself in that headspace before you get to your workout. So this is your time to do that while you're stretching. You get yourself in that space to give a hundred percent. Good. Five, seven, two, left. Three, two, one. Good. Relax. Okay good. Let's move right into our L.O. Sew-astroids. So Michael's going to put his foot out and now he's leaning right into it up and over his body. Perfect. So again, if you don't feel this, you just need to lean back a little bit more. They should feel this right through your abdominal area right through here because that's where your hip flexor the L.O. Sew-as kind of lives on each side except it goes right through the center of your body. So this hip flexor is essential for pretty much all movements. So we want to make sure we spend some time stretching it out. About five seconds left. Four, three, two, one. Good. Shake it out. We're right into the round two. Good. Again, on each one of these exercises during the stretch series, when you get to that second round, you really want to try and go a little bit further than you did the time and before. So go cautiously into the first one. Find where you're comfortable about this second one. You want to push into it a little bit more. Okay. Eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Good. Moving right over to the other side. So preparing to stretch for this workout, he is really important because we're working the whole body. So from this workout you can really expect for going from upper body to lower body back to upper body. The whole point of this methodology is to really confuse your body. It doesn't know where to pump the blood. So you can expect to be winded. You can expect to be fatigue. But again, those are all good problems to have because over time your body is going to acclimate to it. You're going to get stronger. You're going to burn fat and you're going to be in the best shape of your life by the end of these four weeks. Or hopefully you continue on for 365. Good. Go ahead and work. Moving right into the next one. And again, these workouts, they're short, right? So often we're told we have to be in the gym for two hours a day doing body building work outs in order to build muscle. That's not true. If you follow the building program with the nutrition plan, pair it with these workouts. You will build muscle as well and not have to be in the gym for two hours because a lot of people myself included, I'm sure on time. I don't have two hours. So this is actually a perfect program and something that I follow, something that I have a lot of my clients follow as well. Go ahead and relax. All right, great. Let's get right into our low back stretch. So Michael's going to lay on his back. He's just going to cross one leg over the other. Yep. And just twist down. Perfect. Yep. And again, he's keeping his upper body nice and relaxed. Again, you don't want to have your arm kind of sneaking up. See that a lot. You really just want to stay in a completely neutral position. And while you're in this position, you really want to be focusing on breathing air right into that low back. Believe it or not, that will help open everything up a lot faster. Good, relax. Take it out and move right into the round two. With any of these workouts, it's so important for us to stretch our back out because all of these movements go right through the center of our body, whether it's a body weight squat or we're doing pull ups. We really want to keep the body nice and flexible. Good, just about 15 seconds left or the second stretch. And we're going to so close to getting into this workout. Good, five, four, three, two, one. Good, let's twist over to the other side. And I can see that this side for him is a little bit tighter, which is fine. A lot of times when you get into these stretches, you will see that one side of the body is feeling a little bit tighter than the other and that's fine. That's why we're going through the stretch. So if you feel that one side has needs a little bit more attention, don't be afraid to go through the stretch even three times. Good, five seconds left, four, three, two, one. Good, relax. Now our body will do really funny things because we spend so much time sitting down now. Everyone has a side that they favor. So if my side is my right side, if I'm sitting in my car, I'm always leaning on the right side of my body. So sometimes when I get to the gym, I'll find the right side of my back is a lot tighter than the left. And that's why going through these flexibility exercises is so important because we don't want to have those imbalances because that actually changes the way that our body fires while we're doing these exercises. Good and relax. Perfect moving right into our glute stretch. So Michael's going to sit up and just keep one leg straight across the other one over his body and pull that knee right into the chest. We've listened and we got to warm up the glutes. We're doing a lot of lower body stuff. Last thing we want is a pure formus or a glute to get super super tight because you know what happens when you don't have the flexibility through that area of the body, because your low back comes in and tries to take over and that is what will create a lot of problems for you. So when it comes to the glutes and when it comes to this flexibility portion of these workouts, you really want to make sure that you are staying focused when you're going through these exercises. Good relax. We'll go one more time on that side. Sometimes I see people at the gym and they're doing stretching but they're not really doing anything. You should be slightly uncomfortable while you're going through these stretches. You should feel tension in the muscle. That's a good thing because it's that tension that's going to get that muscle to relax and lengthen out. Good 10 seconds left. Good 5, 4, 3, 2 and 1. Good let's switch over to the other side. For people who have body fat that they can't seem to get rid of, you know, a lot of that in my opinion is due to cortisol because we're so stressed all the time. Our cortisol dumping and our body literally is dumping the hormone that is responsible for body fat. So stretching is a great way to relax and the more we can do things that help us to relax and allow our mind to be in a peaceful place. The more our body is going to have the balance hormonally to burn fat. Go ahead and relax. It's a go ahead and shake it out. From moving right into the last round, we are almost about to start our workout. Are you ready? I'm ready. I'm ready to get it done. Absolutely. We're going to get it on today and you're going to get it on at home. I know Michael's going to kill it. We're here to put in work and that's really the headspace that you need to be in you are here to put in the work because you want a change with your body the way you get that change is by going 100% for the next 25 to 35 minutes through each one of these exercises. Three, two and one. Great. All right so that concludes our stretch series. We're going to get right into our first circuit. So let's get started with our first circuit starting with a push-up. Michael's going to get into position and go. Each one of these exercises you're doing for a total of 30 seconds. Michael's doing the advanced version which is a plyometric push-up for all of you advanced athletes out there. You can go ahead and do the same thing. If you need to do push-ups from your knees, that's fine too just whatever is 100% for you. Good. We're halfway there. You can also do a variation of both. Like Michael's going to do. Good. We have five, four, three, two, one. Good. We're right into our pull-ups. It's probably going to go right over to the pull-up bar. Not taking a lot of rest between these exercises. Perfect. Getting us chin all the way over the bar. Perfect. And again if you're doing pull-ups at home, you can do pull-ups that are just bodyweight or you can also use a resistance band. Using a resistance band will hopefully help build you up to do a just bodyweight. Good. Perfect. And five, four, three, two, one. Good. Right over to squat jumps. Right over to his mat and let's go. Good. So he's coming down just to 90 degrees and exploding up off the ground. And again with these exercises along with any exercise in this workout, if you need to take a brief pause during the 30 seconds, take a deep breath. That's fine. The thing that's most important is that you're pushing 100% whatever that means for you. But we are halfway there. Michael's legs. I'm sure are all ret-key burning. Six, five, four, three, two, one. Good. Right down into our push-ups. Here we go. 30 seconds. Remember guys, as many reps as possible in these 30 seconds. Don't pace yourself out if you need to go and then rest. Go 10, rest. That's fine. Good. 15 more seconds. We're halfway there. Try steps should be burning. You should be feeling this in your chest. You should be feeling this in your core. Perfect. Good. And five, four, three, two, one. Perfect. Right back up on our feet over to our pull-ups. Right away, he's taking no rest. He's in deep smoke right now. Let's go. Good. Four. I think he's going to get at least 15 out of these 30 seconds. Good. Good. Good. Good job, Michael. Come on. Good. There we go. And nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, and one. Perfect. Okay. So you guys, it's okay to struggle at the end of each one of these exercises. The most important thing is you're pushing 100% for you. All right, let's get right into our squat jumps. Perfect. Halfway there. Good. And last 10 seconds. Nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, and one. Perfect. All right, let's get right into our final round. Into our pushups, take a deep breath of air. Go. Perfect. 30 seconds. As many reps as you can do by this point in time, your body is tired and I know that that is okay. The most important thing, just keep pushing through. Don't give up. Don't allow the fatigue to take over your mind because your mind controls the body. Remember why you're doing this, remember why you started this program. Good. 10 seconds left. You guys are so close. Good. And five, four, three, two, and time. Good. Right into pullups. Let's go. You're last and final round. Really trying to push it. Perfect. Good. By this point in time, you should have slowed down a little bit on your speed. That's okay because your body should be tired. This is the third time you've gone through this. Good. Perfect. Michael's doing it. Executing it perfectly. He's taking a little bit of time between pullups and that is fine. Good job. 10 seconds left. You're like almost there. You got it. You got it. Good. 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, and 1 time. Good. Let's move right into squat jumps. This is our last exercise of this circuit. Here we go. Three seconds. Good. Again, trying to land softly coming all the way down to 90 degrees, exploding up off the ground. Good. Good. You guys are almost halfway there. 10 second countdown starts in 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, break. All right. So Michael's a highly conditioned athlete. So he's going to take 15 seconds to get some water. But for everybody at home if you need more than 15 seconds, go ahead and just pause this video now. Michael's going to get into position. We're going to start with a decline pushup. So you can do this exercise off of anything that has a ledge, a secured ledge. At home you can use your bathtub, a chair, whatever you can find. All right. Again, each one of these exercises in this circuit you're going to do for a total of 30 seconds. Let's go. 30 seconds starts now. Good. So guys, by this point in time and you're workout, you're going to be tired. You've already gone through three rounds. Stay focused. Stay in the zone and just do the best job that you can. Good. Halfway there. Perfect. It's about 10 seconds left. Good. 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, and 1. Okay, perfect. Now, move right on to our dumbbell row. Michael's going to go get his set of dumbbells. You guys get yours. You can also do this exercise using the resistance band. All right. So again, 30 seconds. He's going to get into position. Ready? Here we go. Perfect. So again, he's in a great position. He's got his back. Totally straight. His glutes tight. He's got a nice bend in his knee and that's exactly what you should be doing at home. Make sure that you are clenching the glutes because otherwise the low back is going to take a lot of heat in this exercise. Perfect. We got 10 seconds left. How you feeling? He's killing it. He's killing it. Good. So you have five seconds left. Five, four, three, two, one. Time. Let's move on to our next exercise. Our bulk area and split squat. So Michael's going to go right back over to this bench. One leg is going to get, go up on the bench and the other one is going to be at 90 degrees. So we're going to 15 seconds on each leg. Here we go. Good. He's coming all the way down to 90. I don't want you to pass that 90 degrees. So if you do have a mirror, then you can use while you do this exercise. Go ahead and use it if not just eyeball it. That knee should not be coming out over the toe. Good. Switch. 15 seconds. Switching legs. Here we go. Perfect. Again, his upper body is staying nice and straight. All of his weight. He's placing in the heel and pushing straight up from the heel. Good in three, two, one. Perfect. All right. So let's move on to our next round. Back into our decline push up. Michael's ready. I hope you guys are ready at home. Here we go. Again, guys, you want to get his mini reps as you possibly can in these 30 seconds. If you need to take a pause for a couple seconds and then keep going, that is fine. Good. So Michael's staying nice and straight. He's not letting his torso drop down to the ground. Good. He's taking a slight pause. Here we go. We're over halfway there. 10 seconds left. 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Perfect. Getting right into our dumbbell row. Get some breath. It back into the body and let's get into position. Here we go. 30 seconds. Again, perfect. Perfect. Perfect. He's not jerking. When you're doing this exercise, you shouldn't be using your momentum to bring the weight up. If you're doing that, you're training out of ego. Drop the weight down to a weight that you can do without swinging your body around. That's how you sculpt beautiful muscles. There we go. 20, got 10 seconds left. I know you guys are fatigued. Heat pushing through this. You are so close to being done with this workout. The worst of it is nearly over. Done. Time. Moving right into our split squat. Again, good. Take a deep breath of air. Get into position. Get your balance. Here we go. 15 seconds on this like perfect. Michael is in perfect. This is exactly where your knee should be. It's not coming out over the toe and all of his weight is right in that heel. Good. 10, 2, 1, switch. Perfect. Right onto the other side. You feel that in your booty? Yeah. We go. Good. Five seconds left. Five, four, three, two, one. Time. Moving into the last round of this circuit. Take a couple seconds. Take a couple deep breaths of air. We're going to get right back into our decline push-up. Last round you guys, you should be pushing as hard as you can go. This is the last round of this workout. Here we go. Good. Five seconds in. I bet Michael is going to get at least 20 out of this. Good. Good. Almost halfway there. Keep pushing through. Keep pushing through. I know the tries. Upstart burning. The core is burning. The chest is burning. That's okay. That's when change happens. There we go. Almost five seconds left. Five, four, three, two, and one crushed it. Yes. This is your last set. Make sure you're pushing it. Take a couple seconds. Get a couple deep breaths of air. What do you think? 20 reps? Okay. You guys should try and match this at home. 20 reps. Here we go. And begin. So we got 30 seconds. This is our last set. You should be giving it every single thing that you have after this. No more back exercises. There we go. Perfect. Halfway there. Fifteen seconds left. Good. You're pushing he's in a great position. He's not bending forward. He's still in the same position that he started in. Perfect. Five seconds left. Five, four, three, two, one. Good. Moving into our last exercise of this circuit. Split squat. Good. And don't go. Good. Pushing right through the heel. The intensity is up guys. You should be using this to just burn it out. Push as hard as you can. There we go. Five, four, three, two, and one switch legs. Here we go. Fifteen seconds and let's go. Perfect. Still pushing right through the heel. He still has great form that knee is not coming out over the toe. You should be doing the same at home. Three, two, one, time. Killed it. All right. So we're going to move right into our bonus round. Michael's going to get these weights out of the way. If you need to get a drink of water do it now. Our bonus round is comprised of two exercises, a burpee and a pull-up. You're going to do each exercise for 10 seconds and you're just going to give it all you have. So these are the last 40 seconds of this workout. Let's get into it. Michael's going to get into position. So again, the idea of this is just go all out 10 seconds per exercise twice. It's going to burn extra calories. It's a little extra conditioning. Let's go. Are you ready? Go. Good. Perfect. He's exploding off the ground. Good in three, two, one, right into it and pull up whatever type of pull-up you want to do. What type of pull-up are you going to do? You have to. Oh, oh, that's nice. Okay. We are five seconds in, four, three, two, one, right back into 10 seconds. A burpees as fast as you can between these transitions. Good, right into 10 seconds, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Last set of pull-ups. Let's go. As fast as you can in other transitions, 10 seconds, nine, eight, seven, nine, six, five, four, three, two, one, time. Great job, you guys. Great job, Michael. Killed it. Let's see, end of your strength. One workout. I'll see you back here tomorrow for your cardio workout.