Say as they 20, your full body circuit workout. So the equipment that you're going to need today is a set of dumbbells, or resistance bands, and a pull-up bar. We're going to start with your dynamic warm-up, then we're going to move into a stretch series, then we're going to go through two full body circuits. Today we have clutch body shop athlete, fire fighter, and former NFL football player, Michael Gasperson, doing our workout with us. So for today's workout and every workout in the 24-7 fitness trainer, you can fall along in real-time at home using your smartphone, tablet, computer, or TV. So let's get started with our full body circuit starting with our dynamic warm-up. First exercise jogging in place. Remember you're doing each one of these exercises for 30 seconds? The intensity on these exercises should be a 7 out of 10 by the end of this warm-up. You should feel warm, you should be sweating at home. Good. Remember warming up is very important. We're preparing the body to do battle for today's workout, just like every workout in this program. Here we go. We've got about eight seconds left. Five, four, three, two, one, right into jumping jacks. Good. And with each one of these exercises, as you go through this warm-up, progressively get a little bit more intense, speed it up. Again, you want to be warm by the end of this week, because we're going to move right into our stretching afterwards. Good. Halfway there, Michael's keeping his four nice and tight, shredding his feet all the way out, his arms are coming all the way up. Don't half-assist and come up to here. You can each one of these exercises the way that we're demonstrating them today. Three, two, one. Good. Now we're going to move into butt kicks. Michael is ready. I'm going to have Michael turn to the side so you guys can make sure to see the angle at what he's doing this. His knee is staying right underneath his hip and he's bringing his foot all the way up to his butt, tends to name butt kicks. His upper body is nice and loose. He's breathing. This is what you should be doing while you're warming up or getting ready to prepare for the workout. Good. We've got about five seconds left. Five, four, three, two, and one good. We're going right into a switch kick with arm circles. Here we go. So again, he's keeping his quad. His quads are tight, his legs are straight. This is a nice warm-up for the calves and for the legs and circling his arms around and keeping his arms parallel to his shoulder. So we're getting the upper body warmed up as well with this dynamic exercise. Perfect. Perfect. About 10 seconds left. Keeping his core nice and tight. Good. And five, four, three, two, and one moving right into our walking hi-nees. Perfect. He used to do these when you're playing in that fell all the time. Yeah. Great for opening up the hips, getting out all the blood flowing through the center of the body. Good. Perfect. So he's coming all the way up, past his belly button, using his arms just like you would if you were riding. He's keeping his core nice and tight. Good. Just about 10 seconds left. Seven, six, five, four, three, two, and one right into a calisthenic deadlift. So Michael's keeping his legs nice and straight and he's just coming down slowly and then slowly bringing himself back up. This is just his eyes warm up your hamstrings. You shouldn't be jerking while you're doing these. That's going to put a lot of stress on your low back. We're really just trying to get the hamstrings fired up. So we do have deadlifts in today's workout. Perfect. Five, four, three, two, and one perfect. Alright, so that concludes our dynamic warm up. We're going to move right into our stretch series. Perfect. He ran into it. Our first exercise is a seated hamstring stretch. So he is going to sit on his butt. His feet are coming straight out in front of him. Good. He's just reaching out. And see, he dropped his head immediately when he did these because he knows it's highly conditioned athlete. You should feel this at home coming all the way down your back and right into your hamstrings. If you can't get all the way out to your feet again, that's okay. You can always hold onto the back of your calf because by the end of this program, you should be able to get out to your toes. Okay, good. So he's going to come up. He's going to shake it out and he's going to go right back into that stretch. And again, the reason that we do each one of these stretches twice is because your body's natural response to being stretched is designed to protect itself. So if I was a step out of my car and twist my ankle, that stretch, my body's natural inclination is going to be a fight against that. So when we go into the first stretch, you're going to find that you feel a little bit tighter on that first stretch by that second stretch your body goes, oh hey, I'm not injured. I'm just stretching. And so you're able to get deeper into that stretch, which is exactly what we want. Good. All right, come all the way up. Now we're going to move right into our next stretch, which is a quad stretch. So Michael's going to stand up. Again, you can also do this stretch on the ground if you're so inclined. He's just going to bring that foot right behind him. If you can't balance on one leg, that's okay. You can use something nearby to hold on to. Sometimes as your body's getting warmed up, your balance may feel a little bit off and that's completely fine. So again, Michael's keeping that knee right below his hip and his foot is straight back. Again, through these stretches, you want to make sure that you're breathing. Don't hold your breath. Don't hold tension in your face. Sometimes I see people stretching and they literally look like, oh, you should be relaxed during this time period. Good and relaxed. You're going to shake that out. He's going to go right back into it. One more time. The more you breathe through these stretches, the more you're going to oxygenate the muscles that are about to work. And that's exactly what we want. Also when you pump oxygen into the muscles, it's going to help the muscles to relax. So you're going to get more out of these stretches. Good, just about halfway there on the second stretch. 10 seconds left. Good. Good. 5, 4, 3, 2 and 1. Perfect. Let's move it over to the other side. And again, when you're going through this stretch series, you really want to be mentally getting yourself your head should be in the game. You shouldn't be looking around if you're in a gym. You shouldn't be looking around seeing what other people are doing. If you're at home, you shouldn't be text messaging. This is the time to really set your intention and to get your head in the game for what's about to happen, which is you're going to give 100% to this workout just like you are with every single workout in this trainer. That's how you're going to get the results. Good. 5 more seconds left on this side. Feeling warm. Oh yeah. Good. And relax. You're going to shake that out. Come right back up. Perfect. That's perfect. Good. Just about halfway there on this second round of quad stretch. This is going to be really, really important in this stretch for today's workout because we're doing a lot of legs. Good. 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Moving right into a sumo squat stretch. So he's going to take a nice wide base and just drop your hands right down to the ground. Yep. Just let your butt drop all the way down. My goal to get a little wider on this stretch than I was able to during our bodyweight workout. Good. 10 seconds left. This is again excellent for warming up and opening up the hips. Get really tight because we spend so much time sitting down. Good. And relax. Just come up and shake it out. We're going to move right into the next round. Perfect. Again, he's keeping his back nice and straight. He's not bent over everything. He's in the perfect position for this stretch. Good. Good. About halfway there. After we finish with this stretch, we're going to move right into our upper body stretches. Good. 10 seconds left. And 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. All right. On our feet right into our dynamic chest stretch, he's just going to shake out. Again, he's not forcing it and ripping through his body. We're just getting the body nice and warmed up. Perfect. That's like perfect for him. Just killing it right out of the gate. I have his trigger. Yeah. 10 seconds left on this first round. Perfect. Part of this stretch, you may also fill this in your shoulders and that's great as well. Good. It relax. Shake it out. Moving right into the next round. Again. So often at the gym, I see guys working out. And they'll just pump chest all day and then they never stretch. And that's what really creates that kind of shoulder rotation forward. And over time, that's also what leads to injury. So with any clutch workout, we always have people warm up and stretch all areas of the body. Because that's what really is injury prevention. But believe it or not, you'll also get better results because the muscles are able to have better mobility and range of motion. So we'll go. Okay. Good. Relax. You can go across the chest shoulder stretch. So he, Michael's just going to pull this arm straight across. If you feel any sort of pinching in your chest when you do this exercise, that is an indication that you need to spend more time stretching your chest because as you're bringing that arm across, your chest is actually contracting. And if you feel that chest want to tighten up, just spend a couple of extra minutes stretching your chest against a wall or however, you know, against a machine, however you need to do it to make sure you're keeping those muscles nice and lengthened. Good. Five seconds left on this right side. Good. And relax. Shake it out. Oh, sorry about that. I'm going to be hitting you. Okay. Moving right into the next round. Good. So again, we want to make sure you always want to make sure you're stretching your upper body appropriately. Sometimes people spend time stretching their lower body, never thinking to stretch their upper body. And it's so, so, so important by keeping those muscles nice and lengthened out. You're actually going to get better range of motion, better mobility. And over time, that's going to lead to greater strength gains. Good. Four. Three. Two. One. Moving over to the other side. Especially for somebody like Michael who now has to spend his time. Fighting fires and carrying around tons of gear and carrying people out of building that's so important to how that flexibility through your upper body. And the last thing you want to do is catch a cramp in a moment like that, right? So it's probably super important for you. Good. Eight seconds left. Six. Five. Four. Three. Two. One. Good. So we're going to shake it out and move right into the second round. If you're short on time and you're going through these stretches, it is okay to complete each one of these stretchers. One time. But I always recommend to. But if you are short on time, the most important thing is at least you're stretching at least for getting the body warmed up in time for the workout appropriately. Good. Ten seconds left. And we're going to be right into our tricep stretch. Good. Four. Three. Two. One. Good. And moving right into our overhead tricep stretch. So again, Michael's pulling that arm right next to his head. His head is not doing this. His head is in a neutral position and he's just pressing down on that top elbow. Top of his elbow, rather. Just perfect. So I can see this is also coming down into his lot and that's exactly what it should be doing for you at home. You feeling it? I see a little sweat coming down already. It's about to go down in here today. Good. Three. Two. One. Good. Relax. And then the next round. Perfect. Again, you guys, during this time period, you really want to just be thinking about your intention for what today's workout is going to be. I think so many times people get to the gym and they get there and then they've got no intensity. Well, that's because you did spend time on the way to the gym committing to being intense once you get into the gym and being focused. So take this time and use it to really get your head in the place you need to be to give 100% for today's workout. And then you need to go to the gym for three, two, one. Good. Go to the left. Take it out. Let's move on to the other side. So we have just about 10 seconds left. Five, four, three, two, and one. Perfect. You know, so often I see people at the gym and they go, you know, how do you stay motivated? How do you get yourself in that zone while the truth is is that you have to get yourself in that zone on the way to the gym? You can't just show up to workout and be like, oh, now I feel intensity. You need to get yourself in that headspace before you get in the gym. You need to get to your workout. So this is your time to do that while you're stretching, get yourself in that space to give 100%. Good. Five, six, five, three, two, one. Good relax. Okay, good. Let's move right into our LAO sew-ass stretch. The mic was going to put his foot out and now he's breathing right into it up and over his body. Perfect. So again, if you don't feel this, you just need to lean back a little bit more. You should feel this right through your abdominal area right through here because that's where your hip flexor, the LAO sew-ass kind of lives on each side except it goes right through the center of your body. So this hip flexor is essential for pretty much all movements. So we want to make sure we spend some time stretching it out. About five seconds left, four, three, two, one. Good, shake it out. We're right into this round two. Good, and again, on each one of these exercises during the stretch series, when you get to that second round, you really want to try and go a little bit farther than you did the time before. So go cautiously into the first one, find where you're comfortable about on the second one. You want to push into it a little bit more. Perfect. Eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Good, moving right over to the other side. So preparing to stretch for this workout, he is really important because we're working the whole body. So when this workout, you can really expect we're going from upper body to lower body back to upper body. The whole point of this methodology is to really confuse your body. It doesn't know where to pump the blood. So you can expect to be winded. You can expect to be 15, but again, those are all good problems to have because over time your body is going to applimate to it. You're going to get stronger. You're going to burn fat and you're going to be in the best shape of your life by the end of these four weeks. Or hopefully you continue on for 365. Good, go ahead and relax. Moving right into the next one. And again, these workouts, they're short, right? So often we're told we have to be in the gym for two hours a day doing body building workouts. In order to build muscle, that's not true. If you follow the building program with a nutrition plan, pair it with these workouts. You will build muscle as well. And not have to be in the gym for two hours because a lot of people myself included. I'm sure it's on time. I don't have two hours. So this is actually a perfect program and something that I follow, something that I have a lot of my clients follow as well. Go ahead and relax. All right, great. Let's get right into our low back stretch. So Michael's going to lay on his back. And he's just going to cross one leg over the others. Yep, and just twist down perfect. Yep, and again, he's keeping his upper body nice and relaxed. Again, you don't want to have your arm kind of sneaking up. See that a lot? You really just want to stay a completely neutral position. And while you're in this position, you really want to be focusing on breathing air right into that low back. Believe it or not, that will help open everything up a lot faster. Good, relax. Shake it out and move right into the round two. With any of these workouts, it's so important for us to stretch our back out because all of these movements go right through the center of our body. Whether it's a bodyweight squat or we're doing pull ups, we really want to keep the body nice and flexible. Good, just about 15 seconds left or this second stretch, we're going to be so close to get it into this workout. Good, five, four, three, two, one. Okay, let's just over to the other side. Good, and I can see that this side for him is a little bit tighter, which is fine. A lot of times when you get into these stretches, you will see that one side of the body is feeling a little bit tighter than the other. And that's fine, that's why we're going through this stretch. So if you feel that one side needs a little bit more attention, don't be afraid to go through the stretch even three times. Good, five seconds left, four, three, two, one, good relax. Now our body will do really funny things because we spend so much time sitting down now. Everyone has a side that they favor, so my side is my right side. If I'm sitting in my car, I'm always leaning on the right side of my body. So sometimes when I get to the gym, I'll find the right side of my back is a lot tighter than the left. That's why going through this flexibility exercise is so important because we don't want to have those imbalances because that actually changes the way that our body fires while we're doing these exercises. Good, and relax. Perfect, moving right into our glute stretch. So Michael's going to sit up and just keep one leg straight across the other one over his body and pull that knee right into the chest. We've listened, we got to warm up the glutes. We're doing a lot of lower body stuff. Last thing we want is a pure formus or a glute to get super super tight because you know what happens when you don't have the flexibility through that area of the body. Your low back comes in and tries to take over and that is what will create a lot of problems for you. So when it comes to the glutes, when it comes to this flexibility portion of these workouts, you really want to make sure that you are staying focused when you're going through these exercises. Good, relax. We'll go one more time on that side. Sometimes I see people at the gym and they're doing stretching but they're not really doing anything. You should be slightly uncomfortable while you're going through these stretches. You should feel tension in the muscle. That's a good thing because it's that tension that's going to get that muscle to relax and lengthen out. But 10 seconds left. Good, 5, 4, 3, 2 and 1. So let's switch over to the other side. For people who have body fat that they can't seem to get rid of, you know, a lot of that, in my opinion, is due to cortisol because we're so stressed all the time. Our cortisol dumping and our body literally is dumping the hormone that is responsible for body fat. So stretching is a great way to relax and the more we can do things that help us to relax and allow our mind to be in a peaceful place, the more our body is going to have the balance hormonally to burn fat. Go ahead and relax. If you go ahead and shake it out, then moving right into the last round. We are almost about to start our workout. Are you ready? I'm ready to get done. We're going to get it on today. You're going to get it on at home. I know Michael's going to kill it. We're here to put it in work. And that's really the headspace that you need to be in. You are here to put in the work because you want to change with your body. And the way you get that change is by going 100% for the next 25 or 35 minutes through each one of these exercises. Three, two and one. Great. Alright, so that concludes our stretch series. We're going to get right into our first circuit. So moving right into our first circuit, each exercise is going to be performed for a total of 20 seconds. You want to try and do as many reps as possible in those 20 seconds, starting with body weight polyps. It's like we're going to go ahead. I'm going to get my clock started. And again, if you're doing these at home, you can do wide grip, underhand grip. I don't care what sort of grip you do just as long as you are doing this movement. Alright, you ready? Yep. I'm ready. Let's do it. And now, perfect. So again, each one of these exercises, you want to be going full speed, going 100%. You should be breathing hard even on this first exercise. Good. We're halfway into it. Good. Just about five seconds left. Good. Three, two, one. Good. Perfect. Moving right into our dumbbell bedlift. You should have picked the appropriate dumbbell weight or resistance fan that you need to use for yourself. And here we go. Michael's going to come down and back up perfect. And Michael can roll through these like boss because he does these all the time. So again, his movement is nice and smooth. He's not jerking 99, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, 2, 1, moving right into pushups. Put your dumbbells down. Good. So he's going to take a narrower stance with his hands and that's fine. Begin. Perfect. You're going through each one of these exercises full speed. You should be pushing in as many reps as possible during these 20 seconds. Perfect. Be feeling this and your tricep and your chest. Make sure you're breathing three, two, one, right. And it's jumping jacks. So again, going upper body, lower body, upper body, lower body. This is going to make your body go. Where do I pump the blood? And that's exactly what we want it to do. Good. Good. Just about five seconds left. Five, four, three, two, one. Good. Right into a bodyweight squat jump. Perfect. So Michael's coming up. He's coming down. He's landing softly. Exploding right back up. Again, you don't want to be coming down. Past 90 degrees on these. You want to come right down to 90 and explode up. Good. Five, four, three, two, and one. Perfect. All right. Moving into jump rope. And again, if you need to take five to ten seconds between exercises that is completely fine. Michael's got his jump rope ready. I'm going to move his mat out of the way. And begin. And again, as your jump ropeing, if you mess up, don't worry about it. Shake it off. Starting again. Starting again. It's not about perfection. It's just about continually to move. Even if you don't have a jump rope, you can do this movement at home. Just go through the motion without the rope. Perfect. Three, two, one. Perfect. That is the end of round one. Michael's going to go ahead and grab a sip of water. You guys should do the same thing. Again, you don't want to be taking 30 to 60 seconds between these rounds. If you need to grab a quick drink, that's totally fine. We're going to get right into round two with our body weight pull ups. Are you ready? Go. I'm ready. Let's do it. 20 seconds. Let's go. So again, Michael's coming all the way up. If you go through this exercise at home, you can do this using your body weight. Or you can go ahead and use a resistance band and do it assisted. That's fine, too. Good. Five, four, three, two, and one rest. We're going to go down the bed with Michael's weight. We're going to the center and let's go. So again, he's performing this exercise nice and smooth. Even though your body by the second round is going to be starting to get fatigued. It's really important that you make sure you're following proper form. Don't jerk on these exercises. If you don't want anybody getting hurt, everything nice and smooth. If you feel like the weight you're using is too heavy now is the time to make an adjustment. Good end time. Moving right into our second round of pushups. I'm going to move this over. Michael's on the mat. Here we go. Perfect. Good. Again, he's got to speed up. By the second round, your body should be feeling nice and warm. Intensity should be cooking. She should be pushing through these. Good. Five seconds left. Five, four, three, two, and one. Moving right into jumping jacks. Again, you guys, if you're going through some of these pull ups or some of these pushups, and you need to take a second to rest and get right back into it. That's fine. The most important thing is you're feeling a hundred percent. Maybe you can't get through the full 20 seconds of pushups. The first time you do this workout, that's cool because you know up by the end of week four, you will be able to. Good. Three, two, and one. Let's go moving right into squat jumps. Good. So if these want to make sure you're just landing nice and soft, these are going to be very taxing on your body. That's great. Firing up the matales on these run a ton of calories. But again, you got no heavy weight on your back, which I love. Good time. We're ready to jump rope. That's one of the huge beauties in these workouts is we're not overloading your body with weight. You're just moving your own body weight. You know what? That's enough to see a huge difference. It's enough to build strength. It's enough to burn the calories that you need to burn. And the fat. I mean, Michael's breathing hard. I hope you're breathing hard at home too. Again, he's not pausing. If he messes up on his jump rope, we can't just move on. Keep going. Good. Three, two, one. Time. Perfect. Alright, go get a drink of water. Michael's going to get a drink of water. We're going into our final round of this first circuit. So this should be your most intense round. Hey, feeling? He's sweating. If you have a close-up of this, you can see that he's sweating. Okay. Let's get right into it with our body weight pull-ups. It's our last round. And begin. Good. Your intensity should be high. You guys remember you're trying to get as many reps as possible during these 20 seconds. 20 seconds is nothing. Let's do it. Let's go. Good. 10, 9, 8, come on. You got it. There you go. 5, 4, 3, 2, and 1. Good. Moving right into our dead lifts. So you guys can see that last rep, Michael was struggling. And that's what you should be doing. This should be hard for anybody. It doesn't matter how highly conditioned you are. Whether you're a professional athlete or you're just starting off. If you're giving 100% to each one of these exercises, you should be hard for you. That's the whole point. Good. 2, and 1. Good. Right into our next exercise. Push-ups. And begin. Good. Now if regular push-ups are too easy for you, feel free to do a file push-up. Oh, there it is. Good, especially on this last round. Got 10 seconds left. 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, and 1. Perfect. We're writing a jumpy jacks. And again, Michael switched back and forth. It's okay to do regular push-ups. Do as many plies as you can do and then go right back into regular push-ups. Really about just pushing yourself to, uh, to fatigue. You really want to push as far as you can go during each one of these exercises, especially because we're on the last round of this circuit. Good. And 3, 2, 1. We'll be right into squat jumps. Michael's crushing this last round. You guys should be crushing the last round at home too. Leaving nothing to take into break after this. Good. 10 seconds left and 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, and 1. Time. Perfect. We're writing to our jump rope. I'm going to move this mat out of the way. Again, guys, when this time in the workout, you're fatigued. You're breathing hard. That's okay. Stay in the games. Keep your head in the game. He's still killing it. 10 seconds left. 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, and 1. Time. That is the end of your first round. It's the end of your first circuit. Michael's a highly conditioned athlete. He's going to take the minimum rest, which is 15 seconds. But if you need more rest at home, go ahead and pause the video and pick up when you're ready to start circuit number two. That's the winner. Alright, so that is the end of our 15 second break. We're going to get right into circuit two with our dumbbell row. Michael's got his dumbbells. And he is on his way. Okay, remember, each one of these exercises, again, you guys 20 seconds. His back is straight. His glutes are tight. His legs are bent. And that's exactly what you should be doing with your body at home. Perfect. We got about five seconds left. Five, four, three, two, and one. Good. We've right into the next exercise, which are furpies. You guys know what's up with furpies. This is going to be a harron. Good. Good. Perfect. So again, you want to be coming all the way down to the ground, which you're push up and then leaping up. Perfect. Michael's at a good speed. Again, the burpy, one of the hardest bodyweight exercises around, but one of the best as well for getting results three, two, one time. We'll be right into shoulder circuit. So Michael's going to get his stance. Perfect. So he's going to do a lateral raise, right into a front raise. You want to make sure that even though you're tired, even though you're fatigued, that you're doing these with perfect form. You don't want to be swinging around, if you're swinging around, just hit some wider way. It's not a big deal. Nothing to be embarrassed though. Good. Two, one. Good. Right into our next exercise, which is dips. So when you're doing this at home, you can do this off with a bathtub, a chair, any sort of ledge that you can find. And for those of you where you're having your feet out, it's maybe too advanced. You can move your feet in. For those of you who are at the gym, you can use a dip station to do these with just bodyweight. Really, whatever you can find, dip off of that, and time. Good. Moving right into jump rope. This is going to be the end of our first round. How do you feel, Michael? Are you going to get that jump rope together or what? Here we go. Good. He's off. And again, this should be your pace with the jump rope. So, again, just pushing it as hard as you can go. It does not matter. If you mess up, you mess up. Just keep going. So often I see people jumping rope and they mess up, they throw a tantrum. No time for that. Good. And three, two, one time. Good. That's the end of round. You're going to get right into round two with our dumbbell row. Squeeze back up. And again, by this stage in the game, you're going to be tired. You're going to be breathing hard. Make sure your body is in this perfect position. The back is straight. It's not rounded over. Good. And we got 10 seconds left. Seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Perfect. Moving right into our burpees. Good. Again, you guys, you want to get as many in as you possibly can. I'm going to help them with this map. Good. As many as you possibly can in these 20 seconds, even if you need to take a second to rest, that's fine. It's just fine. It's just pushing, pushing, pushing, pushing. Five, four, three, two, and one. Great. We can break into our shoulder circuit. Michael's got his dumbbells. Again, guys, by this stage in the game, your body is fatigued. Make sure you're not training at a ego. You're training at a proper form. So if you need to lighten your weight, go ahead and do it. The most important thing is that you're keeping your body still. You're bringing the weight up smooth that you don't have to throw weight around to get results. Good. Three, two, and one. Good. Great. Then two, our dips. Michael's over. And again, you really want to try and pick up the pace on these now. We're more than halfway into the second circuit. You feeling it? Oh yeah. You breathe over? Good. And five, four, three, two, one. Good. Ryan Dorgio pro. Again, with that upper body and then lower body transition. Good. Perfect. Killin it. Good. And five, four, three, two, and one. Time. That's the end of round two. We're going to get right into round three. You need to trick the water. You need to drink a water home. Go ahead and take a quick one. Let's get right in around three. Alright, Michael's ready. Get ready at home. Here we go. Twenty seconds. So your last round you guys should be pushing. Leave nothing. This is the meat of the workout. So you should be giving every single thing that you have as fast as you can to each one of these exercises in this final round. Five, four, three, two, and one. Good. Ryan Dorgio. Ryan Dorgio. This is your last round. You should be getting as many burpees as you possibly can. Try to make your last round your best round. Try and get more in this round that you did during your very first round. Good. Half way there. Good. And five, four, three, two, and one. Time. Right into shoulders. You've been on a breath yet? What's happening? So again, you guys. Michael's a highly conditioned athlete. This is wiping him out. It should be doing the same thing for you. If you're pushing 100% you should be out of breath. You should be sweaty. You should be taken yourself out of your comfort zone. Do not have fast these workouts. If he's out of breath, you should be out of breath too. Good. And three, two, one time right into our dips. Good. Second to last exercise. Let's go. Let's see how fast we can do these. You're going to faster than that? Here he goes. 15 seconds left. And 10, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one time. Right into jump rope. Last round. Last exercise in this circuit. Good. Push it as fast as you can go on these. Show off. Even if it's with you, even if you're in your house, show off. Why not? And five, four, three, two, one time. You are done. That is the end of our full body circuit.