The 40-hour dash in the United States probably obviously the most popularized event. People say it's the most important people say it's the least in making $1 million in the city. I just look at it again, it's just another tool. It definitely I would say is the mecca of all athleticism type of descriptions. Anklink the butt kick is the first part of absolute speed training. You know the first part of that 40-year body will be in a four-lane and your legs will be going like through like an piston like actions. Five yards of ankleing, then five yards of butt kick. What Pete's going to do is you're going to push his toe to the top of his sneaker right there. It's like a zanko and he's going to move forward. He's going to keep his arm action in line. He's going to make sure his hand breaks the waist. His head is going to be tucked and he's going to move forward. For five yards, he's going to get many reps and then after five yards he's going to complete the cycle full range all the way down. And this foot will clear the opposite ankle, okay? Pulling in front. So Pete's going to demonstrate. He pushes his toe, he's moving forward and then he completes the cycle all the way through. Now eventually gravity dictates that your body has to stand up, okay? Now when you do that, you might not actually be traveling at your true absolute speed potential, but your leg is now going through a cyclical action, not a piston action. We call that absolute speed mechanics. He's going to do it one more time. Five yards of ankleing, five yards of buck kick. Lox's toe, hand breaks the waist, heads tucked, and then he completes the cycle. Pete's respiratory will be walking right back to the top as soon as he gets back to the top he's going to do another repetition. Based on how well he looks, maybe we'll do two, maybe we'll do three, we could do four or five. It's all based on that athlete and how he's responding to the activity. So if you're looking at the absolute speed mechanic or that cyclical pattern, the ankleing to the buck kick series is the first, I'd say, progression or it a confidently teach that type of leg motion. The absolute speed a-run is the next progression. So if you think of what ankleing does, it initiates that recovery phase of what happens as soon as your foot comes off the ground and that cyclical pattern. You want to reduce that time as possible in order to get quickly in your recovery phase. The buck kick completes the cycle. The A-run not only completes the cycle, but after you transition to the top, it gets into a ground preparation phase. Well, Pete's going to do is he's going to start off at this cone. He's going to build up, do a fast job for 10 yards. There's going to continue on for another 20 yards when he accelerated A-run. He's going to combine the components of an ankleing and a buck kick. He's going to do the exact same things. He's going to push his toe to the top of the sneaker, pull that ankle through. He's going to increase to the buck kick and give it a full cycle reflex to the front. So if he's going to demonstrate force here, he steps up to the line. Two, let's see, accelerate jog and then he moves forward, buck kicking, cycling all the way through. His hand's still clearing the hip. His head is tucked. The toe is pushed to the top of the sneaker and he's pushing his foot through to the opposite ankle. Cycling full reflex all the way in front and bringing it back up. His rest and recover will be walking back to the top. Once he gets back to the top, he'll do another repetition. Repetitions could be anywhere from three to five. We could even get into six up in the how that athlete looks at that time of the drill during the time of the workout. It's still worth training. Ancling, butt kick coming back around that cyclical pattern of the leg action into that A-run. The moving glossers is by the best ground preparation phase that ties all together. If you look at the moving glossers itself, your leg can actually travel through the air at almost an identical speed of when you're running at that absolute speed of an ankle. Let's say from the 20 to 40 yard line. But Pete's going to do. The focus on his lower body first. You're going to push the toe to the top of the sneaker. He's going to butt kick all the way up to the top. He's going to clear the knee. He's going to relax the quad and then he's going to attack the ground. He's going to give it a one, two and follow all the way through. He's not going to leave his arms behind. The first time Pete goes down, we're going to focus on his lower body. Even though he's going to breathe, don't get him to start. Okay? Push the toe to the top of the sneaker. He's going to take off here. Boom. That's it. But kick, relax the quad, attacks the ground. Attacks the ground. That's it Pete. Yeah, the exercise is definitely time to reach out. I would not say one progresses into the next one. But if you're a fission at ankleing, you can be more efficient in butt kick. If you're more efficient in butt kick, even more efficient in A-run. You can be more efficient at the moving claw series. We could go with single side. We could go just the right leg. We don't to alternate in our feet. Which side we're doing? It's up to the coach. We could actually do one side single side right side, one side single side left side. And then maybe the third time through. We'll alternate between right and left. But you're not joint loading and actually moving fast forward. You're just undergoing the properties of that powerful leg whip around the cycle of what happens when your foot comes off the ground and your foot comes into the ground. You did the butt kick. Clear the knee. Relax the quad. Attack the ground. Now folks on pizza upper body. Watch how we one two and pulls it back through. Watches our motion. You give it a one two. Follows back through. One two punch. Follows back through. That's it Pete. Buck kick. Relax the quad. Attack the ground. If you start to master the complexities of the moving claw series, that is usually when we see the transfer of athletes starting to run the way they're stuck. And their body is intended to run the all important finishing 20 to 40. Now there's one thing to do drills. It's another thing to do drills will actually apply to your running form without the athlete thinking about it. And typically when we start to see the mastery of the moving claw series, we start to see that transfer. Proud or sprint is pure acceleration. So as soon as you come off the line, your body is again in that forward lean, your legs moving through that distance like action. It cannot be stated enough that strength, especially high speed strength greatly enhances that motion. Okay, so Pete's going to walk over to the prowler. He's going to get his hands to the mid to the top. Notice how his feet are together. And he goes like, toes push to the top. He's engaging his glutes. He's going to hold for five seconds, five, four, three, two, one, go and knee up. Pist an action. Toa up, knee up. Notice how Pete's knee action is in front of his body. He's accelerating forward. Nice job Pete. He does a 10-yard prowl of sprint. He's going to rest. Basically, Pete could have a partner on this side, pushing it back 10 yards and then Pete may go again. It depends how we set up the drill. It could go 10 yards. It could go 20. It could go 30. Might even go 40 yards. And at times, he put three, four, five, or even six plates on that sled. People always talk about form running in this and that and join angles. But let's just talk about strength. The stronger you are, the more force you have, that's able to be applied into the ground. The faster you're going to move. I think the rate, the limiting factor is definitely rate of force development. Not how much force you climb to ground, but how much force and limit amount of time. Pete's going to come back here. We're going to give a little break. Pay attention to Pete's ankle position. The knee drive, piston like action in front. The toe is pushed to the top of the sneaker. He has a five-second hold. He's engaging his glutes. And he has aggressive knee action in front of his body. No butt kick whatsoever. Five, and gaze the glutes. Four, three, two, one. Go. Knee up in front of driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, aggressive knee action, driving all the way. Nice push. Where to go, Pete? I think that not only will you get strong through the prowler series and able to get that pistol like action, but if you look at the angle of the joint of just specifically your ankle joint, that is the rate limiting factor in terms of rate of force development. And if you're ready to force development, it can be enhanced or going to be fast from a powerful acceleration phase. We're going to do it. We're going to do it. We're going to get a nice forward. We're going to put it together. To the top of the shoe, we're going to get his glutes to contract. He's going to drive down and attack the ground. Straight down. Switch to one. Switch the other. And then he's going to hammer it out. Rapid fire is feet. And then he's going to stop. Okay. Here we go. Pete's on the wall here. So how many seconds Pete's going to go through? We could do three. Sometimes we do five. It's all dependent on coaching with the athletes doing and what where he is in a progression here. So he's going to toe to the top of the shoe. He's got a 45 degree lean and gauge the glutes. He's ready to go. He lifts one. Starting position. Ready. Knee up. Switch. Switch. Go. Great. Nice job. So notice how Pete contracts. Pete contracts the glute. Fire is down. It attacks the ground. He's not jumping. He's attacking the ground underneath him. For rapid fire three to five. Three to five seconds. Two. Two. Go. Back. Back. The assistant sprint series is probably the most controversial topic in the industry today. A lot of people shy away from it because it's very dangerous. A lot of people limited because they're talking about research and force application and ground contact time. I've built my entire program on it. I really do. I think that it is the most dangerous thing you can do. It can also be the most effective. What's going to happen is we use a machine. It's a pulley system. It's not a stretchy cord. It's a straight cord tied to the fence. We have a belt on an athlete. The athlete is hooked up to that belt. The carabine is facing down. The string is basically pushed through the hoop. The athlete will start. Maybe 40 yards down. The coach will be about 30 to 40 yards away from him. The coach will, as soon as the athlete starts to move. The coach will start to run and pull him forward. We'll decide what increments are how fast or how far we are. We want to pull that athlete. If he's going 40 yards, we might want to pull that athlete 20 yards. The thing about overspeed training is you have to be very careful number one. It has to be a constant assistance. Which is why you saw it use the pulley system as a post-sway bungee system. It can only assist you very, very, very, very minute levels above your maximum ability to run. So I'd say on average, you could see anywhere between 3 and 5 and possibly even 7% of assisted faster. The people that go against it talk about overstriving. And yes, overstriving could happen with this device. If you don't micro-progress into it, when I say that, I mean, the fast claw series again is the exercise. If you can master that and complex it, back and forth between the actual assisted running itself, you can be very, very, very effective. I'm down holding the cord. The athlete will move out of his 2 points stance. I'll start to string with that athlete. I'll pull him so many yards and then I'll whip the cord off. And the athlete will be propelled in an overspeed, manning training manner forward. So we're working an overspeed training technique. It will be propelled forward. Now, the key component is once you've done the overspeed running, you have to do a lot of neuromuscular work right after it, as well as get back into those moving claw series and so on and so forth. So I like the complex back and forth. Having said that is probably the most effective horizontal plometrics you can possibly do because the rapid stretch reflex sets occurring through the posterior chain. Not only do we do with our combat athletes, we do with all of our veterans. We really do because I think that we understand how to teach that speed. So then your 3-point start technique is obviously very simple. It is trying to get you into position to number one, go within the rules of the NFL combat itself. And number two, allow you without any pausing or decelerating steps, get into your drive your acceleration phase as quickly as possible. To feed on the line, tow the ankle bone, right foot, four to six inches. The right hand is going to come right in the line. Left hand finger tips. The head nose to the knee is loading the left leg. Contracts the right glue. Left hand up thousand one, thousand two. I blocked the sun, fire the elbow. So I believe that you have to load the front knee with the shin angle as low as the ground as possible to try to mimic that same type of a drive. Shining when you come out. I believe it's got to be a two foot jump, which is why you see us load the back foot without straightening the knee. I believe that the arm up serves as a powerful lever forward, which is why we straighten the arm. So once the reflex of the down arm comes down, you can actually come out. You believe in flipping the arm up to almost block the sun out of your eye. Your markup is the same block of the sun. When you actually flip and rotate your hand this way, it can act as a powerful stretch reflex lever to propel your upper body into proper position. So we focused on the lower half of his body for the first repetition for the second repetition. We're going to focus on his upper body, his arm movement. Block the sun, fire the elbow. His right hand is down on the edge. Stingered tips. He blows the left leg, contrast the right glute, no space in between his cap and his knee. Hands up, thousand one, thousand two. Dr. Sun, fire the elbow. It's an aggressive technique and the hardest part of the technique is actually after you get that powerful jump, can you accelerate out. It's very difficult to teach you a football player because you don't have that track background. But I think with assisted running complex with this aggressive technique, it can be extremely effective. If you really want to maximize your gains, doing those two things will achieve it. The daily arm drill is very simple. You know, in all running motions, the arms lead the legs. It's very simple. If you can increase the efficiencies of the stretch reflex properties of the arm, you can increase the efficiency of the stretch reflex properties of the legs. Lift foot in front, right knee down. Notice how a piece engaged, his head's down. He's going to start to swing along pendulum swing, right long arm. Then he's going to start to jog. Then he's going to start to run, note the bounce. Then it's full speed, full speed force production stretch reflex, clear in the hip and clear in the hip. Put your body in a good position, just a completely eliminate the legs and we'll focus on that upper body type from action. There's no way to better way to do that than the kneeling drill series. And you saw we had the four components where you start along with the long levers, just to get that opposing force reflex down. And then you slowly increase the knee jog and slowly progress into a run. And so you actually actually at a high speed sprinting action, trying to mimic how efficient your arms could run as you finish. So pay attention to the four different phases. Okay, he's going to switch knees. We typically would have an athlete do the left leg, then do the right leg, rest and repeat the drill. So left knee down, he's engaged, his heads down. So you start to long arm pendulum first. That's it. Now he's going to go into the jog. Into the run off the ground full speed, clearing the hip, creates the stretch reflex. So we always use that as a tool when we start to see the legs fatigue. When we start to see the improper technique, usually we'll see some type of a deficient arm action. So we're always always complexing that arm drill with every single type of a sprint drill we do. Whether it's acceleration, absolute speed, even changing directions, we're constantly doing that refresher of a kneeling arm action because it takes the legs away. And it's not going to fatigue the lower body. And actually if you have good arm action, it can help propel your legs, which might be in a fatigue state, interproper mechanics. What it tells us is pure athleticism in a linear sense. People that say, well, the 40-yard dash is very specific because you're not changing direction. In football, you never run 40-yard in a straight line. That's all ridiculous to me. I mean, it's pure athleticism because if you look at the components of accelerating and transitioning, and you look at the muscle action that is involved in the second goal action of that finish, you're looking at just the explosive and the reflex properties of those muscles. The argument is always, well, why can't they just look at my game? Oh, my can't just look at a player's game, though. Well, let's just put that in perspective. Let's say you played hurt in college football. How many times that happened? It happens a lot.