Today is the 27 year body weight workout. Today we're going to start with a dynamic warm up move-in-tourist stretch series, go through a body weight circuit and then move-in-tour course circuit. For today's workout, you're going to need a pull-up bar, a resistance band, and a mat if you're working on a hard surface. If you can do pull-ups on assisted, no resistance band necessary. This workout, as with every workout on the 24-7 fitness trainer, you could fall along in real time on your smartphone, tablet, computer, or television. Today, I'm going to be performing the workout, so try and keep up. So for the dynamic warm up, we're going to start with jogging in place for 30 seconds. Let's go. So I'm just starting at an intensity of about 7 out of 10. Alright, now we're going to move right into jumping jacks. Alright, moving right into switch kick with arm circles. Let's finish it off with walking high knees. Alright, so let's go ahead and get right into our stretch series. So I'm going to go right into a seated floor hamstring stretch. Put my feet out in front of me. My legs are going to be straight. I'm just going to go right into it, grabbing my feet and dropping my head. So I'm going to go ahead and just shake out and go right back into it. You really want to feel this right in the hamstring. If you can't get all the way to your feet, that's okay. You can hold the back of your calves and just make sure that your head is completely relaxed because I also want this to stretch out the upper and lower back. So let's get into it again. I'm going to take a nice deep breath. And while you're doing this at home, you use this time to really focus on what your intention is for the workout ahead. This is your time to get extremely focused and clear and get ready to do battle with these circuits. Okay, so let's get right into the next stretch. Which is a quad stretch. You can do this either standing up or sitting down. So I'm just pulling my foot right behind. My quadricep and my driving my knee into the ground is undoing this. If you need assistance with balance, it's okay to find something you're about to hold onto like a wall or anything you have available to you. Okay, go ahead and shake that out. Go right back into it for stretch 2. And again when I'm doing this, I'm breathing, keeping my upper body nice and relaxed. I shouldn't be clenching or tightening anything. You really want to just stay relaxed while you're stretching. This is an opportunity to oxygenate the muscles and to get everything lengthened out, prevent injury and really focus on what to head. Okay, good. Shake that one out. We're going to switch over to the other side. Okay, good. Go ahead and kick that leg out. We're going back one more time. And again. My foot is directly underneath my butt. My foot is not kicking out. It's driving it right behind putting no pressure on the knee at all. Alright, so let's move into our sumo squat. So I'm just going to take a wide stance here. If you're sore at all from yesterday's workout, you may have a hard time taking a wide stance. That's okay if you need to bring it in a little bit. Let me see if I can drop down here in these shorts. So you're just going to drop down and the spread, my feet out a little bit. And I'm just going to step right back onto my heels. When I do this stretch, I like to use my elbows to just press my knees out a little bit. It just gives me a little added resistance and stretch. Okay, good. Come up, shake it out. We get right back into it. This time trying a little bit deeper with this stretch. So I'm just going to use my arms to push out. My knees a little bit farther. Okay, good. Come up, shake it out. We get right back into it. This time trying a little bit deeper with this stretch. So I'm just going to use my arms to push out. My knees a little bit farther. I can feel that my left. My left side is a little bit tighter than my right. So I'm just going to add a little bit of pressure. Got left side to try and even these guys out. Stretching is also a great way to overcome muscle imbalances and the body a lot of times. The way that our body develops these imbalances is because in fact that there's certain muscles contracting on one side differently than the other. So stretch is great for providing that issue as well. So let's get up. Shake that out and get right into our dynamic chest stretch. I'm just going to swing my arms back and forth. I'm not forcing it. I'm not going crazy. I'm just feeling a little bit of a stretch right there in my chest. I can also feel this a little bit in my shoulders. Just trying to get blood moving into that shoulder socket and all through the chest. Got it. Shake it out and go right into around two. This time I'm going a little bit deeper with the stretch. The hands are coming back a little bit further. Again, every time I'm doing a stretch I'm trying to breathe into the stretch. I'm trying to get oxygen to those muscles. Getting them ready to go to work. Alright, so let's move into the next stretch. Shoulder across the chest. So I'm just going to take my right hand. I'm going to use this arm. I'm going to bring my elbow right across my body. And I'm just going to adjust my arm and bring it down a little bit. I'm just a little bit tight for me. I can feel this more in my chest. I'm just going to drop a little bit lower so I can get into this felt. Okay, got him. Shake that out. Go right back into it. Okay, let's switch it out over to the other side. So this side, my chest is a little bit better so I can hold this arm a little higher. And again, when you're stretching, you don't want to overstretch. You don't want to feel like you're tearing the muscle, but you definitely want to feel enough tension to where it feels like you are definitely elongating the muscle. You don't want to have to ask the stretch. I see a lot of people do this. You're not doing anything for yourself. It should feel slightly uncomfortable on the first stretch of each muscle group, which is why we do this two times. You can get deeper on the second stretch. You've got to shake that out. You're going to right back into it. Okay, good. So let's move right into our overhead, try and step stretch. I'm just going to bring my right arm back. I'm going to reach across and I'm going to use this hand to secure my elbow against my head and just apply a little bit of pressure down on that elbow. And again, I can also feel this at my lat attachment, which is good, because this can be a double way. If you have tight lats from pull ups or anything else we're doing as part of this program. That's another area of the body that you want to make sure that you're stretching. Okay, good. I'm going to shake that side out. You get right into round number two. This stretch. So I'm going to try and go a little bit deeper. Again, it's really helpful if you have a mirror while you're stretching. Because you want to keep your head in a totally neutral position so that if you can see that in a mirror, it makes it a lot easier to make sure that you're doing stretches. Correctly, if not, no big deal, but it's just helpful to have that available to you. Okay, let's move on to the other side. The lot of times people ask me why have people do each stretch two times. Our body is designed to protect itself. So anytime a muscle feels like it's being pulled or stretched, think about when you feel your ankle start to roll, your body's natural inclination is to fight against it. So by doing the stretch two times on the first stretch, you're definitely going to feel your body's a lot tighter. It's fighting you a lot more. So that second stretch is like, oh, it's all good. I'm not getting injured. I'm just stretching. And that's the reason for the two stretches. Okay, let's move into the second round. Keep reminding yourself to breathe while you're stretching. It's really important. Alright, let's move right into our next stretch, the IliosOS stretch. One of my favorites. So I'm just going to take this foot. I'm going to go from 90 degrees, put it out about six inches, and then I'm just going to lean directly into this stretch. I'm going to keep my upper body really tall. I'm just going to use this hand. I'm going to go up over and back so that I can feel a nice stretch right through here. I'm going to use this elbow to secure myself on my right leg. Go ahead and shake that out and roll right back into it. Time a little bit deeper. I'm going to actually put out a little bit more. Yeah, so while you're stretching, you really want to make sure that you're not distracted. You shouldn't be on your phone. You should be twisting your head, watching other people who may be in the gym or the space that you're in. You really just want to focus on the task at hand, which is preparing yourself for the workout. Focus solely on that. Okay, shake that out. We're going to switch over to the other side. We'll get right into it. So this stretch is really getting into your ilio so as which is the largest hit flexor of the body. If this hit flexor gets tight, it causes a ton of issues in the low back. A lot of times people think that they're having an issue in their low back and really it's just a tight ilio so as. And it gets tight from sitting down all day at work. A lot of driving of the knee. So if you're running, if you're doing leg movements, pretty much every single movement that we do. Is go through the ilio so as so it's extremely important to stretch out. Okay, good. Shake that out. We're going to go into round two of this one. Okay, good. So let's move right into our low back stretch. So I'm just going to. Right here. I'm just going to relax my hands. I'm just going to twist and bring one knee over on this side of my body. Keeping this bottom leg totally straight. This arm is going to be flat on the ground. So I can really feel this all through my lumber. My upper back even parts of my shoulder as I'm letting this arm drop. And you really, you really don't want to fight this stretch. A lot of people fight against this stretch. Just take a deep breath and just let your body do what it wants to do. Okay, good. Go right back to center. Right back, over and round two. Okay, so let's move on to the other side. I'm just going to flip this way. Do the exact same thing. So I'm bringing this knee over and down. Keeping this arm right nice and relaxed. And I'm keeping my head in a neutral position. The balance of bringing this knee over on this side of the body and keeping this hand on this side is what really creates that tension. Through you through the back. So you want to make sure that you're not cheating. I'm bringing this arm over or bringing it up. You want to just let it drop on the ground. Good. So come back to center. Start round two. So again, while you're going through these stretches, really be focusing on the workout ahead. Decide what your non-negotiables are. I always tell clients that at the beginning of a workout decide that you're not going to give up. Decide that you're not going to shortcut it when it gets hard. Those decisions are going to make a huge factor when you start to get exhausted. You have to make your mind up now what you're going to do during the core of this workout. Okay, good. So let's come up with a blue stretch. Our final stretch. So I'm going to bring this leg out and straight this leg over. I'm just going to bring my knee right into my chest. Okay, let's shake that side out. Go right back into it. You know, one of the things that sports really taught me is you don't just prepare to go into game day. You prepare to go into practice too. You have to decide what it is you're trying to get out of that practice because ultimately that's going to determine how well you're going to play in the game. So when you're going into a do a workout you need to get your mind in the right place. You need to say, you know what this is what I'm going to do. This is how hard I'm going to push and failing to do that. Failing to prepare as John Wooden said is preparing to fail. Okay, good. Let's switch over to the other side. Bring in this knee. Again, just in. I'm trying to keep my upper body extremely straight. I find with myself I have a tendency to want to slouch on this stretch. So I have to constantly remind myself keep the upper body straight because that's what's going to allow you to pull the leg into the body. Again, that's why having a mirror available is very handy because you can kind of do those visual checks. Okay, so let's shake this out. Bring it back over. Last stretch before we get into it. Okay, great. Okay, great. So let's get right into our workout. I'm gonna move this mat out of the way So each one of these exercises is gonna be performed for a total of 20 seconds So the first exercise is a plank jumping jack You can do this from your hands or your elbows because I'm on a hard surface. I'm gonna go from my hands And just go something like the same thing as a normal jumping jack Except we're on the ground. So here we go You Good, moving right into a reverse lunge But I'm alternating legs and again, I'm trying to get in as many reps as I can in these 20 seconds I'm gonna go I'm gonna write down a 90 Okay, good right into pushups All right, right into my vertical mountain climbers them Good Good right into the depths Okay, great. I'm back up right on to my squat So sometimes when I do these I like to just let my hands drop I find that it takes a little bit of pressure off my back, but if you want to have your hands here, that's fine, too Okay, now we're gonna get right into pull-ups So actually I'm gonna get a little sip of water If you're somebody that doesn't need assistance to pull-ups You don't need to band, but I want to demo pull-ups are the best exercise for the back So in order to build up to doing them unassisted This is an easy way to do it. I'm just gonna take a resistance band and hook it around the side of the bars And I'm gonna take this band and I'm gonna hook it under my knee For today's workout, I'm gonna be doing an underhand pull-up at home. You can choose whatever variation I pull-ups you want to do. All right, let's go 20 seconds starts now Okay, good. All right, so now we're gonna start right over with plank jumping jacks Take a second take a nice deep breath Unless get right into it. Round two. Let's go. Good, right into your reverse lunge Good. Shake your legs out. Let's get right into our push-up But now you should be sweating and bleeding hard All right, right back up on our feet for vertical mountain climbers Good. Check out right into dips So this point I'm wounded but I'm mentally I'm in the game I'm not thinking about the fact I'm tired just thinking about Completing every single exercise at a hundred percent All right, I'm out of my dips. I'm right into my squat All right guys we're getting into our pull-ups By this stage in the game you should be a little bit tired or a lot tired that's okay Because after this exercise we're gonna take a short break So I'm gonna get this resistance fan right under my knee take a deep breath Get my hands in position and I am ready to go. Here we go All right so now let's take 30 seconds break grab some water if you need it Which I'm sure you do I know I do and just take a couple of few really deep breaths of air Get the oxygen moving back through the body This is not the time to start thinking oh I'm so tired. Oh this is so hard You just have to keep yourself in that zone. This is why I'm doing this. This is why I'm here This is why it's important for me to see this through deep breath of air Okay, and we're ready. Let's go All right writing to our reverse lunge Again, it's your body starts to get tired remember that you need to be thinking about your form I don't want to let my knee come out past my toe So if I need to slow down To make sure that doesn't happen. That's fine All right, we're ready to our push-ups My hands out wide You All right, coming up for mountain climbers. I'm sorry vertical mountain climbers can tell I'm starting to get tired That's okay though. That's why we're doing this I'm in great shape and this is winding me and that's because I'm pushing myself If you're not winded you're not pushing hard enough All right, let's get in toward dips. I'm gonna take one to breath The oxygen back in the muscle Fear out. Let's do it You Back on my feet up into the squat Here we go again. I'll let you hold my hands between I'll just take a little pressure off my back You can do the same if you want I'm more advanced version of this movement would be a plyometric Squat so if you want to go ahead and do that at home Feels right to you go ahead Good, let's move right into our pull-ups. I'm gonna get a quick little stick of water Hook my band under my knee oh And blocked all Alright, so moving into our last and final round, let's get right into it, we're playing jumping jacked. I'm not stopping. I don't want to take a break between rounds. I just want to get through this. For our last round, I'm going to give every single thing that I have to every exercise. Alright, back up, right into my reverse lunges. This is where you really have to take control in your mind. You control your body through what you're thinking about. I'm not thinking about how I'm winded or I'm tired, I want to lay down. We're thinking, we will fight in the room.aling in my footsteps, here I go. Alright. All right, Brian, to my vertical mountain climbing. Here we go, come on guys, get your knees up, get your hands up. But hardest part of this workout is almost done. All right, Brian, how my dips? Oh, and let's do it. All right, hinge on my squat. You can see on these last few reps, it's hard, and I'm continuing to push by this last round, you should be struggling on every exercise. You've really pushed yourself to 100%. All right, let's go, let's get into the pull position. Little drink of water. Let's do it. Bloss around to pull ups. If I make these count, my hands are to position them, let's go. Two, two, three. Okay, so that's it for the bodyweight circuit. We're going to move right into core. All right, so each one of these exercises is going to be performed for total 20 seconds, starting with the sitting twist. All right, so here we go, I'm going to bring my feet out, and I'm just going to twist this way. 20 seconds here we go. Thank you, sure you're breathing. If you want to do these with a medicine ball, if you have a medicine ball available, that's fine. For these purposes, this is just a bodyweight circuit, so we're going to do it without. All right, moving right into a plank. I'm going to stop into my plank position. Here we go. Making sure that my stomach is not dropping down, staying nice and tight. You should feel shaky when you're in this position, from the workout that we just did. That's good, that means you're worked hard. Right, moving right into butt ups. I'm going to get right down from the ground. My feet into position, actually, because this is a thin mat, and I'm going to hurt ground. I'm going to double up on my cushiony. Okay, here we go. Straight up to the sky. Keeping your legs as straight as possible. All right, I'm only going to snap back out. We'll be right into my heel touches. So I'm just going to come up, tuck my chin, and touch side to side. You just want to get to make sure that you're saying nice, and tight. You're going to be right into the back. You're going to be right into my heel touches. So I'm just going to come up, tuck my chin, and touch side to side. You just want to get to make sure that you're saying nice, and tight. When you do core exercises, really make every single rep count. Engage your abs, think about squeezing. All right, next up, modify V-sets. So I'm going to come out this way, and I'm just going to cross my legs. Back and forth. Now, I'm doing this with my hands up here. If you need to go ahead and put your hands behind you, most important thing is just to keep your legs straight, and your core engaged. All right, next up, plank step ups. I'm back in my plank position. This is going to get right into my serratus. So I'm in my plank position, and I'm bringing this hand right underneath my shoulder. I'm coming up, going right back down on that side, alternating sides. I'm coming back down. Up. Up. Up. Whew. It definitely feel that burn. All right, we're going to move right into our plank walkout. So from this position, this is my starting position. I'm just going to inch my elbows out in front of me. A couple of inches, and I'm going to come right back a couple inches. And you're going to feel this burn, like crazy. The key is to not take big steps. Take tiny small steps. That's what really is going to give you that nice contraction. Okay. Right into our cross crunch. I'm back on my butt. Here we go. So this is my starting position. My chin is down, and I'm just reaching. I'm never relaxing my abs. My starting position. My abs are already contracted. Some people you'll see them do this. That's not what we're doing here. You're staying in that contracted position. This should burn. Your abs should never be relaxing. Good. Right into a bicycle crunch. Here we go. Now, some people do these. They cross. Over. I like to go elbow to knee. Same side. I just, I feel it can work so much better when I do it this way. This is the way I have all my clients do it as well. Pretty right into those obliques. Alright, right into my shoulder bridge. So working the low back and the glutes now. I want to make sure that we're bringing balance to the core. I've got my feet right underneath me. I'm just coming up down slow. Right back up. You really just want to squeeze right in your glutes. It's important when you're working the front of the body with core. You work the back of the body as well. Otherwise, you can create rotation in the hips that will create a lot of issues for your lumbar. Okay. So now we're going to go with our, our jupel alternating. I'm just going to come out. My hand is straight in front of me. My foot is straight behind me. My glutes are flex coming right down. We're right out on the other side. Same thing again. If you have a mirror, it's going to make this so much easier. I can't see myself. So I'm hoping that everything is in the position. It should be in pointed toe. And you should feel this squeeze right through your glute. Right in your obliques. Alright, we're getting right back into our sitting twist. Round two. It's round two. I'm going to pick up the pace a little bit. Alright, we'll be right into my plank. Back on my obliques. Here we go. This is my body completely in a straight line. Not dropping down. So right here, squeezing my core. And I'm a little, I'm a little shaky on these. So I'm assuming you are too. That's okay. Stay in the position where so close to being done with this workout. Alright, right in to our butt ups. Notice I'm not taking a lot of time between exercise. I'm just getting myself right into position. Double up my mat. Here we go. Right into my heel touch. Alright, go. My starting position. My abs are already flexed. And we're touching. You're going to get out of this ab workout. What you put into it again. Focus on the contraction of the abs. Do not use momentum to do the exercise. You don't want to just be swinging your body. You're going to get out of this ab workout. You put it into it again. Focus on the contraction of the abs. You don't want to just be swinging your body. You really want to be just contracting every single rep. Right into our modified V-sit. So you know what? I'm going to bring my mat up under my butt. If you're on a hard surface, you can do the same. Alright, ready to wear plank step ups. And back into my plank. Here we go. Moving out little by little. Each side. Take a look at that. Go out on one side. And coming back on that same side. Alright, ready to my cross crunch. My feet are right underneath me. Here we go. Again, I am contracted. I am not relaxing my abs. I am squeezing on every single rep. Right into a bicycle crunch. Again, get your legs. Don't shortcut it. Get your legs all the way out. Throw your legs all the way out there. And to our shoulder bridge. Actually, so if you feel more tension in your low back, like I just did, move your butt down towards your heel. That's going to put way more tension in the butt than it is in your low back. To make those slight adjustments. I am just squeezing every time right through my glutes, driving all my weight right through my heel. Alright, right into a quadruple alternating. So hands are right underneath my shoulders. Here we go. Squeezing. These do not have to be done fast. These should be done at a pace where you can really feel the squeeze. I am feeling a squeeze in my del. I am feeling the squeeze in my glute. Alright guys, I sit for our abs circuit. That's it for our workout.