Alright, so the top five things I learned for running the Berlin marathon. Number one, make sure you have enough fuel and hydration. The biggest thing that I saw happen on race day was that a ton of people did not either pack enough gels or they had no sodium on them whatsoever. They had just water sessions that they were grabbing at every once in a while. I think the biggest thing that you can do is make sure that you had your hydration really mapped out nice and even. Big thing that I did was the night before I used a pre mix to get my carbohydrates in. And then throughout the race, I had six gels on me total. And every 35-ish minutes, I was making sure I was taking a gel. Each of those gels had about 40 grams of carbs in them. So I felt full the entire time. I didn't feel like I was getting depleted too fast. And I also felt that my hydration levels were great because I made sure to stop at every single water station. Number two, water station etiquette. Now this was something that was a little different in Berlin than probably other races. The water was only on the right side of the road in Berlin. And on top of that, the water stations use plastic cups instead of paper cups. It was plastic cups. So normally you can crumple something and throw it away. When this, it was a plastic cup. So you would try and break it and then throw it down. And it's something with triple brick because it doesn't break down as easily. So make sure to have great etiquette when you were going through those water sessions it really does help everybody else around you. Number three, make sure that you are fueling, properly leading into race week. The biggest thing that I knew a lot of people also did was they really laid the night before. And they just had this really heavy summer getting into race day. I was eating pasta all the way up into the day before the race. My last meal was at 2 p.m. 3 p.m. at the day before the race. And then I was making sure that I was getting enough hydration in throughout the entire night. So I made sure to get in my pre-pack of carbs, as well as my sugar, my glycusamine levels. I wanted to make sure that they were in a good place heading into race day so that I wasn't depleting as I was running and then from that, being able to put in any kind of impact or pain on my body. So very big thing to know, make sure your food plan heading into race day is as effective as possible. Little tip that I can say is the morning of I woke up my race, call time was at 9.15 a.m. I was up at six getting some carbohydrates into my stomach already. So I went through about three to four of these little caramel and honey waffles. I also had a pre-mix pack of carbohydrates. And then I had a banana and I was just drinking as many liquids as I can get in, leaning up into me heading out for the start line. Number four, make sure to use the bathroom before the race if you can. The amount of people who I talked to at the finish line were like, I wish I used the bathroom before the race and they didn't and then they had to stop on the side of the road and go to the bathroom. Like if you can use the bathroom before the race, do so I promise you would help you out. And number five, running in traffic. So not traffic is in the sense of cars, but traffic is in the load and volume of people in the race. There was 50,000 plus people riding the Berlin marathon. I went out inside the first wave of people with groups ABC and D and it was crammed. And the biggest thing I saw happen was running at a kit was kind of all over the place. The hard thing with an international race is also a language barrier. So I was really mindful to be using hand signals. As I went down to the right, I used a small little finger touch to the right. I was passing something on the left. I let them know I was passing on their left. Those things really become helpful in the race because when you have so many people around you, the smallest bump can trip somebody over and then lead into an argument. And then as I saw, lead into a couple little fights that were small and were de-escalated pretty quickly, but there was a bunch of people getting in people's faces. So be mindful of that. As you are on your run, just make sure to communicate with people around you. Make sure as I know it is a race, just be mindful that we're all here running at the same time. So that is a very, very easy tip to just take into your backpack. So those are my five tips in the Berlin marathon. I hope they help you in heading into your next marathon. So as you guys know, I got the New York City marathon on deck next. So I'll do the same video post in New York to give you some tips, tricks, and insights heading into that marathon as well.