A name only gets you so far. Passion, discipline, hard work, humility. Those traits built my family's name, and I'm using them to carve my own legacy. I'm Hunter Lebrata, it's my turn. My back development used to be at weak point of mine, so Le and I a couple years ago set down and really devised a training program to really pack the mass onto my back, especially my lats. Today we're going to really focus on getting a full contraction and squeeze, actually using your lats, not using your biceps, not using your body momentum to pull the weight or anything. You're really going to move the weight with your lats today. So for days we're going to start the straight arm push down, super-set with low cable rows. From there we're going to move on to a underhand lap pull down. From there we're going to go over to a back staple, the bent over row. I'm going to show you a couple pointers and form tips for that. From there we're going to go do one of my favorites. We're actually going to do a close grip with the V handle, lap pull down. That'll be a little bit higher up to really finish off the back. All right, so you ready to get into it? Get it, man. Let's go blow that back up. All right guys, so our first exercise of the day is actually going to be a super-set. We're going to do straight arm push down, super-set with low cable rows. You'll notice there's a slight bend in his elbows, but that angle is not moving at all. All the motions coming from the shoulder joint. At the top he's stretching and the bottom he's pulling his chest through. I'm going to say that a lot today, and all of our exercises are going to have a big chest and really try and pull our chest through everything we do. This movement's great for pre-exhaustion of your lats, as you can see, you're not using anything but his lats. To get that weight down. All right, man. And then from there we're going to move on to a low cable row, straight into it, and you'll notice when he does these, he'll get a full stretch at the bottom, but when he throws it up his back, it's never really getting past a 90 degree angle. He's also really pulling his elbows back. That's also really important on our rowing movements. You want to get your elbows back as far as you can. It's the function of your lats, it's the pull your elbows back and through. All right. All right. All right. Now that we've got a little blood in the muscle, and everything's nice and warm, we're going to move on into our working sets. Starting with that super-set, not only does it allow us to pre-exhaust our lats, but it also allows us to put a lot of blood in there, and the more blood you have in there, I'm always talking about a squeeze in a contraction. The harder that squeeze will be in the more the contraction will be, because the muscles so filled up with blood and has so much volume to it. Rowing with all that blood in your back really is like a whole new dynamic to the work of. Typically, if your partner gets stuck on this exercise, the way that you want to spot him is by grabbing the cable, so that you don't get in the way of the motion, and you just pull down towards his waist, keep it in a real steady. You need a spot for this exercise, though, you're definitely going to have it. Good. Another thing I'm really big proponent of is really stretching in between sets, and just whatever you can grab, just get on it, really stretch the lats, and get super tight on the superset. You know, this exercise really captures the function of the lats, which is to bring the upper arm both, the heel rest down and back. Two, one up already, where is getting started? One of the things you'll notice is that he brings his elbows back and down, and he keeps the chest high. You got to keep the chest high, they're on all your back movements, because if you let the chest sink, then it becomes an arm movement. It becomes a glorified by the circle. Sitting there, curling it instead of rolling it. Exactly. All right, what's next? I'm going to underhand that pull-ups. When I train back, I typically go row, pull down, row, pull down, row, pull down, and I'm like the alternate like that, or if I start with pull down, it's pull down, row, pull down, row. So moving from that low row, instead of going to another row motion, and really just kind of completely exhausting myself. I like to get in the lat movement, while I'm still fresh. And also coming straight from that superset, there's so much blood in your lats, getting that pinch that you get from underhand, pulled down really as an incredible feeling. A couple coaching points for you, see when it gets to the top, there's a full stretch at the top, and when he's pulling it down, he's not going to do a super far back. He's staying relatively up with the pulling all the way to his chest. Doing it underhand allows us to really pull the elbows down. And as we said earlier, that's the main function, and the little distance that says, is to pull your elbow down. So, put you at a very natural angle, and allows you to get a really deep pull and contraction. Whenever you're at the top of it, really kind of, I call it letting your head go through the window, and you'll see me in the video. On the top of the wrap, you'll be like this, and head up through it. That's allowing you to fully stretch, and elongate the muscle. You know, I think that, hundreds of very good jobs of learning my training techniques, but then taking them and adapting those, that have worked for him and his body mechanics, and then setting it aside the ones that don't. You know, that's helped them to refine and develop his own style. As far as grips with the goes, he'll do a little more narrow. I do a little bit wider. I'll come down to a personal preference person. I like to have my hands set my line up with my shoulders, so it's a straight line down. It's a little less straight on the wrists. My inner very inflexible, so it's probably why I like doing them that way. The important thing is to get the elbow down and back. Keep that chest high, and just get a really full contraction in the lats. You'll see Lee at the end of the hat last rat, help me force the rat. Whenever you're spotting your partner on this, don't grab the cables, but wait it's not finger off, get in between him just like this, and allow him to pull it and just keep his trap of motion going. Alright, last one. Come on. Good. Everything you got. Come on. Good. Good. Good, pump. Yes sir. You too. Alright, let's go. Went over Rose. Went over Rose. Alright guys, so we just got them hitting those underhand lap pull down. So now we're going to move on to underhand bent over Rose. Much for the same reason, we do the lap pull down underhand, we're going to do the Rose underhand too, because it allows you to have the most natural movement with your elbows. See how his elbows are coming straight up, and he's going to have full range of motion. Another coaching point with this, a lot of people who want to come up real high as they rode. If you're coming up too high, it's because the weight's too heavy. You want to stay over it, your back shouldn't move hardly at all. Finally, you'll see him when he does it. The bar is staying really close to his thighs, the whole time. He's not letting it get out in front of him and hanging. He's actually almost dragging it up his leg and really pulling it into his belly, but it's going to give you the fullest contraction. There's not a lot of motion on his lower back here. It just keeps a nice and steady. It all of the tension is across the upper back of his legs. Doing things underhand allows you to keep your elbow in a more natural track. When you do overhand Rose, you'll find yourself trying to win the weight, it's how you're kind of chicken-winging and getting out instead of keeping your elbows in. Whenever you're like this, you can't chicken-wing. The weight, the bar doesn't go like that. Your hands will go straight back whenever you pull it. And it just keeps you in a lot of emotion. This is one of those exercises where especially young trainees can carry the weight and try to pile too much weight on. A lot of time, it's not the size of the tool, but it's how you use it. So you've got to really feel it and contract in the back. You used to be able to grow a lot more than I do now, and it was more of a dude to me doing this instead of doing it. Being that bent over allows you to really pull with your middle back and your lats, instead of more of your biceps, because the more you stand up, the more it becomes a bicep. Curl unless it becomes a back motion. Being that bent over just gives you something to go off of, because you see lee or me touch the plate to the ground. It's starting to point for the exercise and it ends with that bar, pulled all the way into your belly button. Alright, that's what I've come on. You'll see whenever he's doing this, he doesn't have his head cranked way up, and it's not down either. Try looking at the ground like four or five feet in front of you, and it'll keep your spine really nice flat and a trilling angle. Okay, last one. Yes. Alright, what about you like other? I've got another plate on there. Hey! Hey! Right! Good job, my buddy. Alright guys, so this is gonna be the last exercise of our back workout. We're gonna do three sets of this. What we're gonna do is a reverse, closed grip lap pull down. Get my ass beat by Charles Blass, that's how it goes. And then it's going to be a little bit more intense. So it's something that we finished up with actually, and you'll see us do it. You have your butt really like kind of like wedged in, where you normally put your legs, and you keep your back on that pad, where you're absolutely no motion. It's kind of as bad as ice-slate as you can get for a lap pull down. See how these gonna get a butt wedge back into here, and has back on this. It takes out all the ability for you to be swinging around, and really locks you into position, as well as letting you get a good stretch. Also another benefit of this is you'll see how the pull he's out over him a little. So instead of just pulling it down, he's pulling it down, and two him and really is like almost like a flat row if that makes sense. Okay, so isolation is the key here. Really focus on the stretch, and then really focus on pulling it all the way to your chest. Squeeze. Okay. By this time, then I'm sure all of y'all will experience this if you give this work out of try. Your lower back will feel like you have like a little balloon animals for a wreck. Here's right now, you wanna be able to stand up, partly so it really helps being able to take your lower back out of the equation as well. Wow. Oh my god, I'm not going back. Oh my god. To where? Oh my god. Two more. Two more. Two more. Squeeze. All right, one more. Squeeze. Go. Good. Good. Sit. What? So that concludes our back workout for today. A couple key points to keep in mind when you're doing this workout. First, keep the rest low, 45 seconds to a minute. Second thing to keep in mind, on all of your back exercises, keep a big chest. Last point to keep in mind, on all your exercises, trying to get your elbows as back as you can. The farther you get that elbow back, the more activation you'll get from your legs. If you have any questions about this workout or nutrition and training in general, don't hesitate to ask community questions, just hit me on my body space, it's under the barata, all lower case, no spaces. And for more videos like this for me in Hunter, just check it out on bodybuilding.com. Thank you.