Hey guys, under and Lea Labrata here today to take you through an awesome leg workout. The workout's gonna aim to a start with the calves because it's an often neglected muscle, so I've chosen to prioritize it by putting it first at the beginning of this workout. From there, we're gonna move on to leg extensions. And then moving on to pre-existing the quads, hitting some pause squats, and then finally finishing up with some cable stuff like a deadlift. Now let me give you the run down of what we're doing today. Let's go get after it. You ready to get after it? Just a waste! Yeah! So for our first exercise today, we're gonna be doing a standing calf raise. We're gonna do five sets and we're approximately 15 to 20 repetitions. We're going for a full stretch and a full contraction when doing the reps. You'll see me and Lea's we perform them. The top of the rep, it's almost like a double clutch. We'll get up there as high as we can, and then we'll really squeeze. And maybe only get an inch higher, but we're still really, really forcing the issue. We're forcing the contraction at the end of the rep. So, according to our end. Okay, so you're gonna notice that when he gets to the top of the move, he's stalling a second, then he gets another little pop out of that. That's to get that extra little bit of contraction. Which really a lot of times makes a difference between a good set of the batset. When you're doing a standing calf raise, you're training your gastric nemes, which is your calf muscle that muscle that people typically think your entire calf is. In order to keep the effort on the gastric nemes, you're gonna want to do a couple things. First, you're gonna keep your quads tense. What that's gonna do is keep your legs straight. And then also at the same time, you're gonna want to keep your glutes contracted. What that'll do is it'll completely isolate the calf as well as take the ability away for you to bend the leg and shift the focus from the gastric nemes to other parts of the calf. You're gonna notice that he's very controlled through the full range of motion. Very, very important, especially if you're handling heavier weights, when you come down to the bottom, not to hyperextend because you get to end up wrecking your Achilles. You tend to nerve. And you factor in the pace or moving at. There's not a lot of time for recovery, so it really starts to get to be a prince of your burn. It's not comfortable, but it shouldn't be comfortable. You're trying to make the muscle adapt to something if it was easy, it wouldn't need to adapt. All right, one more set. Okay, now that I almost got it. So what's next? To move on to seated calves. Let's go get him. Like I stated previously, when you're doing standing calf raises, you're training in the gastric nemes. Whenever you move to a seated calf raise and you put a bend in the leg, you're actually using your solius muscle. The solius muscle runs underneath the gastric nemes, and so when you have that very developed, it actually makes your calf pop out farther and makes you look like you have much bigger calves. So some pairative you develop both the gastric nemes and the solius equally. When he first started out, his calves were probably about this big round. And so his calves weren't as strong as him, but he identified that early on and he prioritized his calf training. And as a result, you know, with an a year, he had literally put almost two inches on his calves. He was just an amazing transformation. You know, it just came from prioritizing it. And one more thing that you'll see me do that I've just kind of done over the years is I really don't like to hold on to this. I actually almost hold on to the seat behind me. You're just kind of keeping my hands in front of me somewhere. It allows me to not pull on this and cheat like most people do. And be kind of killed to have a straighter spine and really get everything in line to be able to push and get to really rigid and locked in. You know, in the old days, when you were competing, you could get away with having skinny calves, but not anymore. And a well-developed set of calves like Hunter has really set off to physique. All right, two more sets? Two more sets? Yeah. All right, let's do it. All right, let's go. All right, let's go. Come on. Come on, come on. Good one. Yeah. Come on. There you go. Good. All right. We'll move on to some leg extensions. Wait, the quads up. Let's go get them on a waterlover. Some things to keep in mind when you're using the leg extension machine is to really get yourself set up in a proper positioning, both with the pad and the back of the bench first. Most leg extension machines these days do a pretty good job of telling you that your knee needs to be in line with the pivot on me. Leg extension machine. That's absolutely correct. You want to ensure you have the pad brought up enough to where you're firmly seated with your butt planted and your back able to be flat and not rounded. Another thing is you really want to make sure you don't have this set too far back. I know a lot of people like it's a full range of motion. No, it really isn't. It's putting an extraordinary amount of stress on your patel attend, then it's taking almost all of the stress off your quads whenever you get completely wrapped back there. Something I show a lot of people whenever they're learning how to do their leg extensions has on they can put their fist or I'll put my fist in between their legs right here and I'll make them actually kind of squeeze the fist with their legs. What that does is it keeps the quads both face to up and firing the same. Does that feel like it? Yeah, it needs feel good. Think of this almost as a concentration curl, they equivalent of a concentration curl for your thighs. You want to keep your toes straight up and down throughout the rep with the top and the bottom. Keeping them top facing up at the top of the rep will ensure the entire quads equally contracted and not stressing the knee or the vestus or the lateralism muscles more. Oh yeah, gonna be a lot of length here in a second. Definitely really important that while you're training your legs, you stay stretching throughout, really get stiff with all the blood flow and all the work you're doing if not. Come on. Good one. Good one. Good one. A couple things to keep in mind whenever I say pause squads, we're not going to be sitting in the hole for forever. What we're using in the pause for in this workout today is to completely take away the stored energy and momentum that you have. You're not sitting in the hole for three or four seconds, you're going to get down there, you're going to be down there for maybe a second and then you're going to explode out of the hole. All right guys, so this first set that we're going to do is going to be a little bit lighter of the set. We're still going to consider it a working set though. A couple things to keep in mind when squatting, you're going to want to keep a big chest, a flat back and you're going to push from your heels and have a base about as wide as your shoulders. Whenever you get set up on the squat, you want to have your arms as close as you can possibly have them together while still having the bar low on your trap shelf. What that's going to do is just going to create the most rigid upper structure you can have. You're going to be really locked into place and ready to squat. I'm still going to play that. I think that the most important role of a spotter is safety first obviously. But a spotter also adds a dimension of feedback during the set. In other words, this is a person that can help to correct minor variations in your form. Obviously adding encouragement and then in the unlikely event that they get in trouble to help them up out of the hole. Another thing that I would like to point out is that if you look at his feet, he's shifting his weight back on his heel so he's pushing through his heel. A lot of people don't do that and they push from the front of the foot which naturally throws you forward. Nice job. Oh, my. Which can leave it up this. Touch your breath. Often times we get asked, well, how long should you rest in between sets of squats? Well, you go by the clock but really the best way to go is just by your breathing. Once your breathing is normalized, then it's time to go to the next set. I feel him. Good. All right, man. How are you? Good job. All right. Get some bloody no stains, don't you? Oh yeah. All right, let's get your breath moving on to stiff legs. Our last exercise today is going to be a variation of a stiff leg of deadlift using a rope in the cable. What this allows us to do is take some of the stress off the lower back and keep constant tension both on the glutes and the hamstrings. As well as allows for even bigger pinch than you get from a traditional stiff leg of deadlift. So let me show you what it looks like. A lot of guys will basically spend all of their energy doing their quad work, you know, working on their thighs, then they're exhausted by the time that they get to their hamstrings, you know, with very little left. So I think that it's definitely been an area that's been overlooked. I think that for balanced like development, you have to have great hamstrings to go with your gloves. Definitely. So as you can see, whenever you're doing them, it really allows you to get a good stretch. And then being a cable, it really allows you to pull through and have tension throughout the whole motion. Good honor. You'll see at the top of every rep, you really want to get a good squeezing, contraction, both with your glutes and your hamstrings. All right, let's knock out this last set. All right, guys. So that's all we have for you today. If you have any questions about this workout or nutrition or exercise in general, be sure to shoot me a message on body space. My username's Hunter Liberada, all lowercase, no spaces. And for more great articles and videos like this, keep on coming back to bodybuilding.com.