What's up guys, welcome back to the channel. This can still cut here with bodybuilding.com. And we're going to talk about some natural ways that you can burn more calories. And we're even going to talk about going to paradise and how you can incorporate this supplement into your fat burning stack. Let's get right into it. Obviously, the first thing you're going to want to do when it comes to burning more calories is increase your physical activity. Studies from the international journal level BCD have shown that hit can burn a lot more calories and boost your metabolism and that's even after exercise. However, hit can be quite fatiguing. So you can also increase your step count in order to burn more calories. The next way to burn more calories is going to be to incorporate strength training into your routine. Muscle burns a lot more calories than fat by increasing your resting metabolic rate. Start weight training. Pick up a dumbbell. Now let's talk diet. If you want to look some weight, you're going to have to be in a caloric deficit. However, there are some ways that we could optimize your diet with food selection that can increase your caloric expenditure even more. First, step to optimize your diet and increase protein. It takes more calories to digest protein than any other macronutriomalicule. And this is called the thermic effect of food. A study published in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition showed that high protein consumption can boost metabolism by up to 30% so take advantage of that. Next quick tip is incorporate spicy foods. Catsayasin found that peppers can also temporarily boost your metabolism. All right, let's dive into the wonderful world of supplements. First, we're going to talk about greens of paradise, also known as Paracidine, which is a herb that's the part of the ginger family. It's known for boosting metabolism and increasing the amount of calories you burn during exercise. Studies published in the British Journal of Nutrition have shown that greens of paradise can help activate brown adipose tissue. This is essential for weight management and burning more calories. Now since we're already on the topic of brown adipose tissue, let's talk about mydo burn. Model burn can help change white adipose tissue to brown adipose tissue, which is a lot more metabolically active. Next, let's talk about caffeine. Also known as a stimulant has been shown in the international journal of obesity to increase fatty oxidation and burn more calories. So include caffeine and your calorie burning stack. All right, to summarize, burning calories naturally includes optimizing your diet, increasing your physical activity, and optimizing your supplement of protocol. We at Bodybuilding.com have this brand new supplement from the Elite Series, Thermo BCW which has a lot of the supplements I spoke about earlier in one convenient package and easy dosing. As with any supplement, it's important to consult your healthcare provider before taking it. If you found this information to be valuable and you enjoyed it, hit that like button. Hit the subscribe button, comment below and don't forget to share with all your friends. Coach K out.