Here are five ways to make you work out more effective when you're short on time. Number one, you want to prioritize compound movements. These are exercises that require two or more major muscle groups or joints to perform the movement. Some examples include squats, deadlifts, bench presses, overhead presses, pullups, and rows. These exercises engage more muscles and burn more calories compared to isolation exercises, making them efficient for time-strap individuals. Number two, incorporate supersets into your workout. A superset is when you perform one exercise to the next with a little to no rest in between. There are two ways to utilize this method. You can perform two exercises sequentially that stress two opposing muscle groups. For example, performing a dumbbell chest press targeting the chest and immediately going into a dumbbell row targeting the back. Or you can perform two exercises sequentially that target the same muscle group. For example, performing rear-doubt cable flies then immediately going into cable lateral raises. Both methods have their place when designing an exercise program and can provide several benefits, such as increasing the blood flow and pump to the muscles. It's time-efficient, it enhances fatigue and muscle stress as well as increasing the metabolic stress placed on the body. This can promote the release of growth hormone and other factors that aid in muscle repair and growth. Number three is utilize circuit training. Circuit training is a combination of three more exercises targeting different muscle groups with a short and breast period. You can utilize this training method to not only increase muscle size and strength, but also cardiovascular endurance. A great example of this is performing a circuit that includes pushups, dumbbell rows, dumbbell squats and a variation of an absurice. You can add 20 to 30 seconds of rest in between exercises or complete one after the other in succession and then rest after the circuit is complete. You will then repeat this for a set number of rounds. This approach allows one muscle group time to recover while another is being worked keeping the heart rate elevated, maximizing both strength and cardiovascular benefits. Number four is you can shorten your rest periods. Reducing the rest intervals in between sets can keep the intensity of the workout high, leading to more calories burned and improving your cardiovascular fitness. Aim for rest periods of 30 seconds to a minute between sets to keep the momentum going. Keep in mind this method will make it more difficult to work with heavier loads because it is so taxing on the body. Number five is focusing on intensity, not duration. Instead of spending a lot of time at the gym, focus on making your workouts more intense. Increase the resistance, lift heavier weights or perform exercises with proper form and control to technical failure. By increasing the intensity you can achieve a more effective workout any shorter amount of time. You will also find that you will not have to perform as many sets per muscle group in order to see significant gains that's having to spend less time in the gym. Remember to listen to your body and choose exercises that are going to align with your level of fitness and your goals. As always don't high goal against yourself, share this video with the friends and enjoy the pop.