Your life is defined by what you do. By the impact you make. To my goal to help people find fitness. To live healthier, have your lives. I'm Sean Serantips. I will you define your life. So when I was in the military, I didn't have a lot of time in between my long days workout. That's why I made a workout specifically for a full body to get every single second into your workout and get the best bang for your buck. It's low rest, high intensity, you're getting the best possible workout you can do. It's going to be two exercises per large muscle group, one exercise per small muscle group. And you want to try to do active rest if you can. Active rest means that during that time you're still doing things. You're doing jumping jacks, push-ups, burpees, mountain climbers. If you have the energy, do it. So most people don't like doing legs. That's why I like to do them first. Get it out of the way, stop bison about it and just hit it. We're going to go ahead and do barbell lunges with a squat. Every two steps, meaning that take left step, take a right step and do a squat. It's going to be three sets of 20. We really want to just go ahead and exhaust the legs right from the start. You want to make sure that the very beginning of your workout is going to be how you're going to go ahead and base the rest of your workout. So you want to be sweating. You want to be hurting and you want to make sure that you're feeling it. The active rest I'm choosing to do on this one right now is mountain climbers. You usually can do them in the very beginning, but near the end, I'm pretty worn out and I really do need that rest to get to the next set and finish. But if you have the energy to mountain climbers, it's a great core workout to go with the lunges and the squats. Exercise number two is just super set for back, meaning that right after the first exercise, we go into the second exercise. The rep range is going to be three sets of 10, 8 to 10 on the second one because you are going to be tired. We're going to go ahead and do seated wide grip pull downs on the first exercise. On the second one, you're going into neutral grip. We're trying to keep the back straight as possible. Elbows tight to the body on the neutral grip pull and down. Back to the rest I'm doing on this one is just pushups. It's getting me ready for the very next exercise. Third exercise I'm doing is sing along cable flies. It's going to be eight reps per part of your chest. Hopper mid lower. So I'm doing eight reps at the very top. Going straight to the mid eight reps and then right to the bottom eight reps. No rest really in between just because you're doing single arm on each side. That's going to be your rest time. Fourth exercise is going to be another super set. We're going to be hitting biceps and triceps. I'll be doing rope pull downs along with rope hammer curls. The sets are going to be three sets of 20 to 25 for the triceps and three sets of 12 to 15 for the hammer curls. I'm doing the triceps pull downs on my knees to help keep me from swinging the weight and using my back. I use it because it helps stabilize my core and tighten as well as get the exercise and good form. The fifth and final exercise is another super set. I'll be doing dumbbell lateral raises as well as front raises with a plate. The reps are going to be three sets of 15 for the lateral raises and three sets of 15 for the plates. For the lateral raises, I'm using lighter weight and I'm really focusing on form. There's a 90 degree bend in my elbow. So you want to start with your palms up and the finishing you want to go ahead and have them pointing down at the top movement. Plate raises. I have palms up and I'm going very slowly on the eccentric movement on the weight down to completely wear me out. So that's the workout. It shouldn't take you any more than 40 minutes. For those of you who don't have a lot of time, it only get one or two workouts a week. I really recommend that you try this workout. And if you try this workout by all means, go into the comments section below. Let us know how you liked it. Let others know how you liked it. Did you find something confusing? Did you find it amazing? If you have any questions at all, you can find me on my body space. It's rice 8787 and I'd be happy to hear from you. For more videos, just like this, just keep coming back to bodybuilding.com.