I'm Abel Albinelli. My physique is a product of hard work in the gym and serious dedication to my nutrition. Today I'm going to take you through my back workout. It's going to be a high-purchar-fear workout. It's also going to burn a lot of calories. We're going to do drop sets, giant sets, and inter-set stretching. We're going to start off with the overhand wide-grip Barbell Roe. Going into weighted pull-ups and then we're going to move onto dumbbell rows. The fourth exercise is to underhand pull-downs. We're going to move onto close-grip cable rows. Then we're going to move onto a dumbbell incline bench row. Then we're going to finish off with a giant set. It's going to be a wide-grip pull-down. Then with a straight arm pull-down, then a low cable row. So, dear my high-purchary workout, it's a normally like to rest around 60 seconds. So, one minute to a minute, 20 max. The workout should last around an hour to an hour and 30 minutes. Alright, let's go ahead and get started with this workout. Alright, so we're going to start off with the wide-grip bent over Barbell Roe. We're going to do five working sets, we're going to start off with two warm-ups. And the last set will be a triple drop set. And each set, I'm actually going up and weight and down in reps. So, we're going to be going from 12 to 10 to 8 to 6 and then to 4 on the fifth set. That's where we're going to implement the triple drop set. When I do a bent over Barbell Roe, I like to start off with my back straight and then lean forward. So, about a 45 degree angle, I like to let my lats and arms go all the way down and then pull up. So, we're going to be using the triple drop set just to really get the reps out. So, we're doing really heavy for four reps. Then when we drop in the weight, I'm dropping it by 20 pounds. And doing as many as I can, which is only around four to six reps. And then I'm going to drop in again with another 20 pounds. And then doing that again for as many reps. So, we're hitting failure on every single set. On the second exercise, we're going to be doing wide-grip weighted pull-ups. We're going to be doing five sets of eight to 12 reps. Now, what I'm really focusing on when I'm doing wide-grip pull-ups is really just squeezing my back and going all the way down. Releasing my lats and then pulling back up. Trying to get close to perfect reps as I can, even with heavy weights. Now, of course, if you cannot do weighted pull-ups, bodyweight pull-ups is just fine. But you want to be hitting around eight to 12 reps range. Alright, moving on to the third exercise. We're going to be doing single arm dumbbell rows. We're going to be doing six sets. Three sets, normal dumbbell rows. And then three sets swinging dumbbell rows. For the standard row, I'm really focusing on going all the way down. And then squeezing, trying to get my elbows back, as far back as possible. Now, the swing rows are a little bit different. So, instead of just like a normal dumbbell row that you just pull and back your elbows, you're really trying to focus on the squeeze. So, I'm actually have to go down in weights, but I'm really focusing on the back of that motion just pausing for a split second. And then letting it release. What that is doing is actually working in a different part of the back. You'll feel the difference when you have it right. Alright, we're going to be moving on to the fourth exercise, which is underhand pull downs. We're going for four sets of 10 to 12 reps. Alright, when I'm doing the underhand pull downs, my hands are about shoulder width apart. I'm really focused on keeping my back straight and really pulling my elbows down as far as possible. And this part of the workout, I'm really starting to fill in in my lats. Doing all these pull downs and rows, you're really going to start getting fatigued, but you just got to keep pushing through it. Fifth exercise, we're going to be moving into a close grip seated cable row. We're going to go in four sets of 10 to 12 reps. During this exercise, I'm really going to be focusing on pulling my hands out and squeezing. See me go back and rest at the back position with my back straight. That really helps, it actually pulls rest, so that actually helps me get in a couple more reps during that set. Alright, moving on to exercise number six. This is going to be a prone dumbbell incongbench row, or we're going to be doing three sets. So the first two sets are going to be regular reps of eight to 12 reps. And on the third set, we're going to be doing a triple drop set with inter-set stretching. I really like doing the incongbench prone rows. It really helps you to squeeze your back, and you're going to motion, so you can't really cheat. You can't use your lower back or anything else, it's just your back. So you're trying to really squeeze your elbows back. On the third set, we're going to be doing inter-set stretching. So what this is, you'll do anywhere from eight to 12 reps. And then you're going to hold the bottom position for 30 seconds. And then you're going to drop the weight, grab another set of dumbbells, do another eight reps, and then stretch. For 30 seconds again, drop that weight, grab another set of lower dumbbells, and then do as many reps as you can. And then hold that stretch again. On the very last 30 seconds, you're going to end with a positive rep, and then drop the weight. So we're going to wrap up this workout with a giant set. All these rep range you're going to be from 10 to 15 reps. Just pretty much as many as I can do, so I'm going to be going to failure on each one. We're going to start off with wide grip pull downs, straight into a straight arm pull down, and then into a rope low cable rope. Now on the wide grip pull downs, you really want to focus on keeping your back straight, and it's all about the form here. So I'm going to drop the weight and really just focus on the squeeze all the way down, and all the way up, letting my lats release at the top, and then pulling back down. Now during the straight arm pull downs, you really want to focus on keeping your arms straight, and just squeezing the whole time during that whole motion. During the low rope cable rope, this is all about just squeezing pumping as much blood into that muscle as possible. You're not doing heavy weight, so just go through it and just pump it out. At the end of this workout, you should really be feeling it. This is a great workout to build muscle, and at the same time burn a lot of calories. Now if you're looking to really build your back, I would really recommend throwing this back workout into your routine, just to really break platos. Now the full breakdown of this workout is here on this page below on Bodybuilding.com. If you have any questions about this workout, or any other, just contact me here on Body Space, or on Facebook, or Instagram. For more free articles and videos like this, keep coming back to Bodybuilding.com. Thank you.