Hey everybody, I'm Alex Muszer, TV and Phil Mactur. People know me from daytime television. My role is Del Henry on all my children and you can check me out in this summer's lockbuster hate Corona. So we add them to Samler and then rest in the Saturday night live guys. Today we're here at famous bulls, Jim and Venice Beach, California. The guys from bodybuilding.com. That's going to come down and show you how I got ripped for that movie and how I stay in shape. The workout you're going to see today is a circuit workout. It's one of the workouts that I was using to get in the shape that I was in for the role that I played and grown up. It's going to combine at least one or two different exercises in each move. And what that does is it maximizes on the strength and muscle building while capitalizing on the short amount of time that I've got here and also incorporate a bunch of cardio into it as well. Okay, so I'm going to take you through the full body workout starting now. The first exercise is a push pull. So I took the pull up, then a push up, alternating one, then the other. Okay, so heart rate up, get you warmed up. I do about six sets of these. I start out with 10 to 15 reps. I don't take much time in between maybe 30 seconds rest. Okay, I want to keep my intensity up. All right, everything that I love to do in the sports world requires explosiveness and endurance. And so that's what I'm trying to capitalize here. Let's get started. Okay, that's it. Six sets I'm done, I'm ready to move on. All right, so you see how we're working here. This is all about keeping the intensity level high and moving on to the next exercise. Let's go. All right, the second exercise we're going to start bringing the legs into it. Okay, we're going to superset squats with the shoulder press, right? Guys, we're going to keep the reps again, still pretty high. Weight, pretty low, we're concentrating on our form, right? Checking the knees and back, the neck. Here we go. Starting this position, right down, and explode out with shoulders, right? Down, explode with shoulders. Two separate exercises, right? You're not using the squat to assist in the shoulder press. explode with legs, explode with the shoulders. As you can see, I've dropped my weight 10 pounds because I'm starting to fatigue and I want to keep the reps high. So low of the weight, so I can maintain the same number of reps that I've been doing. Here we go. Let's see, it's a six set. Let's move on. As you can see, another great thing about this workout, you don't need a lot of space or a lot of equipment. You've used a pull-up bar and some dumbbells and that's it. All right, so the third exercise we're going to do is a lunge with a bicep curl. Again, keeping that weight nice and light, I promise you, you will fatigue. So again, we're going to do about six sets, 10 to 15 reps. Okay, two separate exercises going on here, right? We're doing the lunge and then the bicep curl. I do it on both at the same time. We don't want to assist one with the other. Six sets of that, I'm telling you, you will start to feel it. Let's go. Okay, so for our fourth exercise, we'll go back to the pull-up bar. We're just going to be a pull-up with a plank. Now we're starting to work the abs, right? You guys saw those in front of us? If you think this is an hard drive for yourself, boys. Ah! That's six sets. Okay, as you see, minimal rest time in between sets. You might see your reps starting to come down, that's fine. I don't push everything into failure when I'm doing this workout. All right, we're in the home stretch, right? We're going to final exercise. We're super standing and push up, okay? So we're back to the chest, we're going to modify the roll. We're going to learn a little bit of a yoga twist in there too. This is a good one. So more content like you check out Bodybuilding.com. We'll see you guys next time.