Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What's up, Bodybuilding.com listeners, my name is Daniel Bits, and welcome back to the BB Compacast. Today I'm joined by Kira Stokes. Kira's a health and wellness expert based in New York City with over 28 years of experience in the fitness industry. I graduated a Boston College with a degree in psychology and a minor in health sciences. Kira's core business is a mix of our award-winning Kira Stokes fit up, KS fit fuel, and KS fit gear. In addition to running our own seven-figure company, Kira's a celebrity personal trainer. The Stokes method, Kira's science-back training system, customized client programming and unwavering attention to form and boundless energy, has gained her a passionate, devoted, global community of over half a million followers. Her partnership portfolio includes Therabody, ProMix, Hyperware, and Lulu Lemon. Kira has been featured in countless publications including Shape, Women's Health, Self, Bogue, Business Insider, Wall Street Journal, and The New York Times. Kira holds multiple certification such as NESM CPT, NESMPS, NESM WFS, FRCMS, Pre-imposed Neal, and more. Kira, welcome to the pod that is quite the resume. You had me, have me tongue twisted a little bit because I go through so much but excited to dive in with you today. Thank you for having me, M's, Doked to be here. Awesome. There you go. As always, we've got some new and fascinating topics to cut up for you guys today. We'll be breaking down Kira's infamous Stoke Method in just one second. We'll be defining Hibert training and how can Grayley benefit all fitness goals and we'll be tackling a topic that almost everyone out there wants to learn more about which is core building 101. I also have the teaser really great and interesting discussion we have planned towards the back half which will be centered around training and the menopause and post menopause era. So, Kira, let's get started with the four Fs and breaking down the Stoke Method. Today's episode is brought to you by Kodage, a nutritional and supplement wellness brand. Kodage is your go-to wellness brand dedicated to supporting your busy lifestyle with a wide range of cutting-edge nutritional solutions and innovative dietary supplement formulas. From multi-coloured and solutions to essential vitamins and minerals along with probiotics, Kodage has it all. Their premium college's selections, always non-GMO, are designed to seamlessly integrate into your daily routine, providing the essential support your body needs including five types of collagen. But it is redefining the way we nourish our bodies and expands beyond nutrition into the realm of beauty care, offering comprehensive holistic wellness solutions. And brace your health and won't be in today with Kodage. Shop the collection now, I bought a building.com. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease. Yeah, so the Stoke Method, you know, it's interesting how, as a trainer and group fitness coach, how things evolve over time. And you hear method a lot in fitness that different trainers or different coaches have a method. And I can truly say that I didn't have a defined method until about almost 15 years into my career because I truly believe that in order to call something a method, it has to be tested and proven. And you have to have had the experience and hands-on experience with actual humans, not just, I'm a firm believer that like just virtual, right, is really tough. Like you need to really have had one-on-one experience with people to know how your quote method truly works and how it evolves over time. So I don't take the word method lightly when I say the Stoke Method. It is something that has really evolved and continues to evolve over time based on my experience and education and continuing education. I always say, always be a student, but you know, and that's the beautiful thing about it. It's not stagnant. It's ever changing. So the Stoke Method is really, it's a science-backed, functional flow of movement formula. That's how I, that's the one liner that you get about the Stoke Method, but there are so many different pillars within the method and different offerings now as they are shown on the Kira Stokes fit up. Like you, everybody has access to them now that really do reinforce as we'll talk about later hybrid training. So let's bring down those four apps, right? That go into the Stoke Method. Those are form, function, fatigue, and fuel. Tell us what they mean and how they plan to fit in the schools. So the first step is to me the most important method that is form and proper form and being able to articulate proper form is really what has one of the things that has made my name in the industry I believe and that it's not just me having proper form and when you follow me on Instagram or you do my app, you do get those comments like, why your form is perfect. Well, in my mind, it better be if I'm the one, you know, trying to get the information out there. But most importantly, to those people that are taking the information in to feel 100% confident in what they're doing, why they're doing it. And the purpose of that movement is so incredibly important in order for that movement to have the impact that it should have on your body. So to me, if you're not performing a movement properly, there really isn't any point in doing it, right? And as a coach and a trainer, you know, you have to be able to verbalize and what I've found through developing the app, my virtual platform, which, you know, it'll be five years and March. The experience that I had one on one non virtual was so instrumental in being able to, as I say, articulate proper form cues. Because if you haven't done it yourself and you haven't experienced coaching that with someone, it's very difficult to be able to speak in Laman's terms too, right? Like, I can be a scientific as you want, but that doesn't matter to the person that's sitting on their couch, just trying to get off it for the first time, right? Like, you can say, group media, group, like, all these terms, but it's easier for them to understand side booty. I say, absolutely. Media. So, you know, it's having those, it's being able to weave in, you know, the more science, you know, anatomy talk, but also those little moments that, or the, the unforgettable cues that really make the difference. Like, when I say, you know, squeeze your glutes, like you have a check for a million dollars in between them and you have to hold it there. That sticks in someone's head. If I just said, squeeze your glutes, make sure you're engaging both the media, the maximum, like, you've lost over someone's head, right? So, so, form, it's not just like having it, but being able to articulate it. And you mentioned impact, too. I mean, you do a repetitive exercise over a number of years and you're doing it correctly. You're going to see the growth and the positive impact you're going to want on the contrary. If you're doing it incorrectly, it's going to be a quite a negative impact. You're going to set yourself up for injury. You're going to set yourself up for a lot of other things that you don't want happening. I think it's amazing how many, what I hear so often is, oh my gosh, I've been squatting for 10 years, but I just squatted for the first time yesterday, really, because they truly listened and connected to the cues that I was giving them. And that makes me feel amazing. It also makes me really sad because it is a problem in the industry, right? It is a problem that a lot, you find a lot of rep counters and you find a lot of people that are just yelling and kind of in it for their own workout. And you have to be in this industry. I mean, I've been in the Century for 28 years for the right reasons. And the right reason is to help others to be their absolute best. And that should be the goal with every, with your word choice is that you are trying to ensure that people feel safe, that what they're doing is effective and that it's going to have the most positive impact on their body. So, you know, like I said, it's amazing in one sentence, but then it's like, oh gosh, I know. And listen, and form is what's going to really make the differentiated factor between understanding mind muscle connection too. And so once you figure that out to me personally, it's game over, right? Everything starts to make sense. You start to understand what activating your glutes actually means. You actually understand all those years of a yoga, pilates and structures to tell and you do engage your core, you're like, no, I actually get it now. Exactly. It has to be explained. It doesn't come in eightly. All of these things when you say, you know, we throw these terms around and I think sometimes it can also sometimes work against you having been in the industry for so long because you forget that you might have someone in the room or someone pushing play for the first time that has never heard this because in your mind, like I've said this queue or I've said this had this moment 10,000 times in my career, do I really need to say it again or when I would teach a class and you see 90% of the people people that have taken your class 200 times. But then there are those three people who have never set foot in that studio and you have to teach to both groups. You just have to remember that both people, those that are super advanced in those that are new, everyone's going to take something away from that. You say something a little bit different every single time you coach as a coach and that has an impact on someone. So, you know, first and foremost, as you just spoke to, mind muscle connection is everything. There's going through a movement and then there's connecting, feeling and truly engaging with the movement. It's too completely different things because you can pass through movement and feel absolutely nothing, you're thinking about your laundry or what you have to do that night or what everything else is going on. But you're complete focus while you're performing movement should be on that movement. Right. If 50 mindless reps versus five, very, very cute, weird, rare reps. Yeah. That makes a ton of difference. Yes. Let's move into the second one. That's function. Explain what function means. Function, you know, when I come up with these four pillars of the stoic method, function means functional training, making sure that the way that you train presents itself in real life in some way because really what we're doing when we train, what we should be thinking about as longevity. We should be thinking about the, we have the long game in mind. Sure. Like, you know, when I was in my 20s, I was like, like, everybody, let's be honest. You're trained to look good too. Like, we're, people are fully, if they're like, oh, it's just, I just want to be all the, you know, walk where pick up my grandchildren when I'm 90, right? People aren't thinking of that when they're 20. Right. Like, you're just, you want to look good. You want to feel good. Absolutely. But all of the movements that we do apply to real life in some respect, right? So when you're, when you're training, you want to make sure that you train in all planes of motion, right? So you're a frontal plane, the sagittal plane, the transverse plane, and when you think about it, so many people train front about a sagittal plane. So they're, so they're training forward back, forward back, you're lunging, whether you're, we're walking, we're running. That's all, all those things take place in the sagittal plane. But when you go to open a car door, when you have your groceries, that's the transverse plane. You're rotating, right? So when you do a rotational med ball twist or a, a rotational slam, that's transverse plane, right? That's training you for when you have those moments where you're quickly turning to open the car door or you're grabbing your kid as you turn, like they're about to cross the street. Something happens, right? So always thinking in terms of like, you know, not every single movement you do, you're going to be like, oh, I can apply this to real life in this way. But in general, making sure that the function of a movement has more to do than just lifting away, picking up, putting it down, that you're thinking like, when the next time, like, you see all those videos, we see them on Instagram, right? If a trainer, like, this is, if a trainer walks through life and it's done like the grocery store that doing like a deadlift, pick up, you know, it's true. I like it to water bottle. Yeah, it's like, but that's, that is truly how my mind thinks. I get sent those all the time and I'm like, oh, I can't make one of these because it's already been done. It's been done. But like, that is how I think, right? You, you go to like your freezer today. You go to open the freezer. You squat to open it up. Like, you know, you do all these things. You know, because the end goal is to be able to, and you see it as your parents, you know, look your parents when you're getting older and your parents are getting older and you see them, you know, want to be able to, as I said, pick up their grandkids or just get out of a chair properly, you know, because these things, you know, as not to get, it's not to be like a depressing conversation. But, you know, it's like you go through this point in life where you start when you're young, right? And what are you doing? You're doing nothing when you're first born, right? You're just kind of like laying there and figuring out your land. Yeah, right. But then you start to, you start to move and all planes of motion, right? Then you start to play different sports. And then you start to focus on one sport, maybe, right? So you start to really focus, hone in on one, maybe one or two planes of motion during that sport, which is in great, like we go through this, these phases where all of a sudden, then you're out of sport. And what do you start doing? Things start going down the back end, right? Because you start training one dimensionally. And then eventually, when you're 70s, 80s or 90s, you're back to sitting too much, right? Which is, I always say that's starting to happen in our 40s and 50s now is that sitting is the new smoking, right? It's like, we are sitting more than we're moving these days, right? And it should be the complete opposite. We shouldn't be having to take a break from sitting to move. We should be taking a break from moving, like you should need to take a break from moving so much they have to sit. Couldn't agree more. And that's, you know, we've got it all mixed up now and we need to try to really change that. And so the functional, the functional F means, so you know, functional training S, but it's also like man, motion is lotion, like keep moving that body, absolutely. Absolutely. Let's talk about fatigue. So fatigue, there's two different ways to think of this particular F. Fatigue in that you want to challenge your body to a point where you're reaching muscle fatigue, right? That's where the growth that happens. Because what are we doing when we're really strength training or we're going for a run, you know, you are challenging your body or when you're strength training and you're, you know, it sounds awful to say, but we are tearing muscle fibers, right? There, that's how we build them up to become stronger. So reaching that point of fatigue during your strength training program is important. Same when you cardiovascular fitness, like zone two, yes, we're never going to really reach that point of fatigue most likely in zone two. When we're hanging out there, we need that for sure. We need zone two, but you're taking a hit class or you're doing sprints or something more explosive, your like your goal is to reach that point of fatigue, right? To create, to work on the integrity of the muscle. But fatigue also, it's counter to, it's like, I'm talking about proper sleep. So when you hit that point of fatigue and you really challenge your body, sleep is so incredibly important, which is also going to help repair those muscles that you just spent a couple of hours taking apart. Exactly. And trippy told when I first got into this injury, nobody really focused on sleep. Like it was not a topic like it is today. Like you didn't, or you didn't stress as much about your sleep as your workout. Like look at, we have all of these different forms of technology to tell, tell us, like, good a bed, or you slept this much, or you're not going to perform as well today, because you didn't sleep as well. You know, it is such a huge focus these days. And I think, which I think is amazing. But I also think you don't want to focus on so much that as I said, that you get stressed about it, because then you're not going to fall asleep. Like if you're so worried about getting your eight hours, you're probably going to lay there thinking about it for an hour of that, right? So the shift that I really love that I'm starting to notice too, I feel like we used to have like a lot of 5 a.m. warriors, right? And even for me, I was a college athlete. It was 6 a.m. You were in the locker room at 5.15. You were actually physically lifting by 6 a.m. That was not optimal for me. I did not lift my best at that point. I got injured when I would put my body through that early in the morning. I have found out that I am, I love to live in like that late morning spot. And that's going to be different for everybody trying to understand how much sleep you need, what time of day your body wants to move. Maybe you want to do cardio in the morning and strength at night. So I really love that we're starting to see people take accountability for owning what feels best in their body. Yeah, I think what I've always been a huge advocate of is like when someone says, well, what's the best time of day for me to be working out? Or when it, and it's like, I'm always that person that's like, it's step black or white. It's always gray. And I'm always like, what's the best, like when do you feel your best? Right. And they're like, like my husband, for example, is a night owl. I can't, that man is never going to work on the morning ever, ever, ever, ever. Not a clock at night is when he like literally gets up, goes downstairs, goes in. And it's like, I've had so many conversations with different, you know, natural public doctors were like, no, no, no. Like that's going to spike as cortisol level. Like right before he goes, just, and I'm like, but that's how his body works. That's when his body works best. So, you know, his levels are probably different than most people's levels. And I think like the best time of day to work out is when you're actually going to do it. Like I think we need to stop saying like, oh, first thing in the morning. Like that's when you've got to get it done because it puts a really, it's put a lot of pressure on people who, like, like you said, that just wasn't the best time for you. That wasn't your speech about someone like me who trains clients, right? Luckily now I don't have those, I don't have those early morning hours anymore. I'm like, I put a kabach on like the six a.m. client. But, you know, I am religiously training people from eight until noon. My time to work out is like noon to two, whatever that is. And sure, I'd love to work out at eight. But it's not possible with my job. So I think that it can be really discouraging to people, especially if you're just trying to get into fitness. When you hear, oh, you've got to do it first thing in the morning. That's it. And then people go, well, I can't. So I guess I just won't do anything. But let's just focus. And let's just get moved. Yeah. Let's just start moving. Yeah. For sure. Last one fuel. Yeah. Fuel. Can't do it. No, you can't do it without fuel. And I, you know, I've always called, I don't love the word diet. Like I've never, you know, has a word diet. Like I don't love the word diet. I've never subscribed to diet culture. My fueling program is called KSFit Fuel. And I always refer to, you know, the nutrition that we're putting on our body as fuel. Because we are like a car. We are, we are at the engine of a car. You don't run on empty, right? Your car won't go. You've got to fill it up. So how you fuel your body? I mean, it just has such a massive impact on your performance. And again, there are certain things that, yes, we all need in our fueling program. But it is so personal. It is. Everybody's likes, dislikes, possible allergies. There's so many factors that go into what makes a feeling program right for a certain person. So I think the number one question I've gotten over all of my ears, right? Is what do you eat? Like more so than how I work out. Like it's crazy. Like, because people don't necessarily, what I found over all these years, they don't really want to do the work. They work out. But they're like, if I could just change my diet, be what she's eating, maybe that will work. It doesn't work like that. Right? Because how I feel when I tell people on our kiss, if it fuel our, you know, live zooms, what I eat in a day, their face, their mouth drops. They're just like, there's no way that's going in that body. I'm like, how do you think I'm able to do what I do? It is, I'm constantly, I have always been the queen snacker. I'm like, every two hours, I'm putting something in my body. I have to, or I will, like a flower. And I've never been a big meal person. So it's like eight small meals. That's the way my metabolism stays revved, it stays going. It's always worked for me. I think you have to take a look at, you know, it's calories in, it's calories out, it's how many, how many, what are you doing activity wise to support, how you fuel and how do you fuel to support that activity. So obviously, that's as important as the actual workout itself. But I think people need to stop looking at what others are doing. But what I cannot stand is these videos what I eat in a day. That's not applicable to anybody else. Not applicable to the masses. It's not applicable to the masses. So when I started this feeling program, first of all, I partnered with the Register Dietition, because I'm not a registered dietition in an iPhone, I believe, like stain your lane. Of course, I know a lot about nutrition. But when it's something as big as an issue as this is, you need to make sure you have the right authority that you're working with. Three different programs, stoked, super stoked, super duper based on your activity level. Yeah, based on your likes and dicks likes. I think you nailed it right, intuitive. It just comes into a intuitive eating. Yeah, right. And I also think you have to understand that in different periods of your life, you're going to change. You know, I'll use myself. An example, right now, my body really loves breakfast and it really loves fueling before my workout. There was a certain time in my life where it didn't even want food until 10-11 I am. And that's what you have to listen to your body the way you move the way that you fuel and just understand that that could look different in a year from now, but you just have to understand where your body is. I love that you call intuitive eating is like 100% what I'm on board with. And I also kind of, I mean, this might be kind of controversial, but when people like intermittent fasting, I don't know. To me, intermittent fasting is like, if you stop eating at 9-9 and you just don't eating, it's just so good. She did it. I just slept. You didn't eat while you were sleeping. I'm like so, but also, again, that works for some people to have that a certain window. I know myself, I have to eat right when I get up in the morning or I get nauseous. I'll have my coffee, obviously, water before coffee, always 12-1s the water first because you got to start with hydration is really important. I'm like, oh, I can't even coffee, but if I don't eat something within like 20 minutes of having my coffee, I know what happens with my blood sugar level and how I feel. And some people like, oh, I don't eat for four hours after. And like, I can't imagine that. Right. I can't imagine that. Right. So everybody's different. I want to touch on something you and I spoke on before today as well. We're seeing two words floating around the fitness industry right now. They're screaming it from the rooftops and that's lift heavy. And yes, I think the both of us know the benefits of lifting heavy for body composition and overall strength. But how do you view cardio as an equal balance or here, leaving room for both, again, for any fitness goal? There has to be room for both. They're asking room for, I was so much to say on this subject. And you know, oh, gosh, I don't even know where to start. Strength training is incredibly important. At every age, it doesn't matter how old you are, you need to challenge your muscles with strength training. You need to, in order for body composition, for bone density, for lean muscle mass, for all of it. I've always been an advocate of that. Now, those words mean the problem with screaming those words from the rooftop to me is that, again, it's so individual. If you are hearing lift heavy and you're someone that is brand new to fitness and usually people or individuals who are brand new to fitness are looking for any and from it, like they're soaking in everything that they hear and they're really taking it to heart, like without maybe the proper due diligence on what that means. So when you hear lift heavy and you're brand new to fitness and then maybe you try to walk in a gym or you buy yourself dumbbells and you buy, and it might sound silly, but it happens you buy 20 pounds, right? And you go to use a 20 pound dumbbell and what happens? You get hurt, you get frustrated because it's too much for you. You can't lift it, but you're hearing you've got to lift heavy. So what happens? You end up doing nothing. You sit on the couch and like you're like, that was, I got hurt. I'm not doing that again. I'm not, strength training is not for me. It didn't work for my body. It's not that it didn't work for your body. It's that you didn't start, you didn't start the progression properly. So I think we need to be really careful when we say lift heavy. And you would think everybody knows that, but it's not necessarily true. You really do have to spell these things out. There is a proper progression to getting to the point where you can lift heavy. And it can start with body weight work, learning the proper form of your body weight, which is very functional because we deal with our body weight on a daily basis, right? You can't move the body weight around your neck. You're not going to get through life. Exactly. If you can't, if you truthfully, it is the best tool you have. And it's always with you. It's always with you. And then you incorporate some band work. And I feel like you and I talked about this a bit too, that, you know, there are band bashers out there. And I'm not, like, I, this could be a whole podcast on its own. I think we're doing such a disservice when you tell people like, cut up your bands. Like, there's no point in doing it. You're better off sitting on the couch. Well, what's the first thing someone hands you when you go to physical therapy? Or, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're going to physical therapy or you're using physical therapy as pre-hop, right? A way to stay out of injury. They hand you a band. And they teach you they first will show you how to do them. If you're going to your body weight, then they give you a band to apply a little bit of resistance. So you get used to working with resistance. Bands are a wonderful tool for activation, for education, for a finisher. And they can even enhance your workout when you're doing resistance training. So you add a band to a dumbbell. And you've just increased the impact of that work. So you're doing a bicep curl and you've got a super sized joke band attached to it. You're, you're so focused on both the concentric. You have to be focused on the concentric and the center contraction, right? So, so let's, I think we need to, that's one subject like stop poop-pooing bands. Just know where they, where they should be used, right? Do you want to work just use bands for your entire life as your workout? No, of course not. Do you want to only use dumbbells? No, do you want to only use barbells? No, like a little bit of everything is the way to go, right? You've got to learning all these different tools. It's fantastic. There are another tool in your toolbox. And your toolbox should have many tools. As far as lifting heavy, yes, you need to challenge your muscles by lifting heavy. Absolutely. You need to get to the point where you have three or four reps left where you are feeling like holy cow, I'm compromising my form. How do you, that's how you know, did I pick the right way? You've got great forms, say you're doing 10 reps. You've got great form for the first six, maybe seven, the final three. Hey, you watch yourself and you go, wow, this is, I'm struggling here. That's good. That means you're challenged. And the great news is you could always, if it's too much, decrease your weight. But I also see, is very dangerous when we say lift heavy, is that it's discounting the importance of cardiovascular training, as you spoke to. Your heart is a muscle, right? And your heart needs and deserves to be challenged just like your biceps, your triceps, your quad, your hamstrings, all the things. So I think it's important that, yes, we encourage strength training, we encourage picking up heavier weights and being challenged and not always grabbing two, three pound dumbbells, which also have their place, and I can talk about that later as well. But don't forget about your heart and that people will argue, well, if you're lifting heavy, your heart rate's going up. It's not going up to 80% of your max. It's just not, unless you're doing like a crazy power, you know, power lift, we're like red faced, but it, you know, that. And it's also not giving you the same effect as say a zone two workout. You're not staying right here, my hands going pretty straight across the board here. You're not sitting in a like that 120 throughout the entire duration of weight lifting session. Right, right, exactly, exactly. So, you know, and that brings up the point of like zone two cardio versus sprinting, right? There's so much research, you know, I know for myself, I take my calls and I take my, anything that I can that doesn't, that I cannot, you know, I'm not going to sound like I'm huffing and puffing. I do it from an elliptical because I'd rather be doing that than sitting here. Like killing me, I'm sitting here in this podcast like my, but already hurts, Danielle. I'm sitting, it's like I want to get up and move, right? If we could talk and watch, we would still get, maybe that's an idea. Maybe we had to start doing this like, yeah, man on the street style podcast. Oh, yeah, amazing. But, you know, I think people are getting very confused and they're, they're, they're, they're not doing the cardiovascular training that their heart needs because they're only focused now on hearing lifting heavy and or you go to the gym and you see, oh, my gosh, like the treadmill, right? Everybody's walking at a 15.0 on the treadmill. It's the, you know, the Hawker walk or whatever it is. And it's like, okay, like that's one way to do cardio, but like, they're, mix it up. It doesn't have to be daunting. No, right. It's not like, and you also don't have to do what's popular, right? You need to do what's right. And so whatever's going to get you and again, it's that like, whatever's going to get you moving and challenging you to the point where you're feeling like, like, it's a good feeling when you're doing cardio and your heart is pumping, you're like, wow, like, what releases that, you know, and this controversy over whether in dolphins really are something that are released when you're, you know, when you're running around, but no one's, nobody can tell me that when you go for a run, right, and you sprint and then you slow down, that you don't feel like this rush, right, of like, wow, I just, your heart's pumping and the blood's flowing, doing amazing things for your body. And it's also, you know, stimulating different kinds of muscle growth, right? So, um, lift heavy, but don't forget about like the most important muscle you have, which is your heart. Absolutely, and that could be playing basketball. Maybe it is walking on an inclined for you. That was for you. Awesome. It could be playing pickup games. It can be, you know, doing a hit class, whatever it is, whatever makes you happy to do it. I think you nailed it earlier. Whatever you enjoy doing, just do that. Yeah. I think we're getting to, and I know that like, you know, it's what, it's what, I guess gets more PR. It's gets more, it's the buzzwords in the media, right? When you, when you, when you stayed in absolute, it's what draws attention. But you're never going to hear me doing that, you know, because I'm such a firm believer that if you don't like what you're doing, if you don't enjoy it to some capacity, you're never going to continue doing it. So although, and this is a great, you know, I know we're talking later about how to help begin our, it's like, get started. But one of the things I'm always saying to people when their new to fitness is, you first need to like, take a moment and think about what, what really resonates you with you. Like, what do you enjoy? Is it dancing? Is it walking? Is it roller skating? Whatever it is. Make sure you start with that. But that's the thing that's going to get you off the couch and get you out the door, the thing that you love to do. I think this conversation lives itself well into topic two for today, which is really defining hybrid training and the benefits. And I think we can break this out into two different parts here. You know, I think hybrid training can, can mean a couple of different things, especially in a post-COVID world, right? Now we're seeing this new hybrid fitness model where people are doing a lot from their homes. They're understanding, hey, I can be successful and I can reach my goals right from my living room. We've seen obviously the sales of some of our favorite bikes go up quite a bit, right? They're understanding that, you know, things can get accomplished at home, however, you know, thankfully we've also seen them emerge, immersed themselves back into gyms. They missed the community factor. They miss sweating with people and accomplishing their goals with people. So let's talk about hybrid training in terms of the work from home model. And then in a second, we're going to get into hybrid training in terms of the actual programming, which is what we just spent a couple of minutes talking about. You know, when somebody says I'm a hybrid athlete, we'll talk about what that actually means and with the rise of things like hierarchs and Deca and things of that nature. So but first let's talk about that work from home, where that sweat from home model that we're seeing now in the mix between the two. So working out from home was relatively new to me. Like I've been a gym girl since I was 18. So trying at that point, I also like during COVID, started working out from home. And that was it. Or I guess people was a lot of worked out in my driveway for many, many years because I'm an outdoor person as well. So I bring all equipment out into the driveway. But I think what the benefit, like if we can think of something positive came out of COVID, is that it really did convince a lot of people that you can get a good workout in anywhere. Right? That you can't use the excuse that, oh, I can't get to the gym. You know, forget it. I'm not. It's too hard. I got kids. I've life is too busy. You can get just as incredible workout at home, depending on the platform you're using. As you can in the gym, the biggest challenge with it is the distractions around you. So, you know, or the ability, you know, people can turn gear off really easily. It can just pause me. You know, if they're in the gym, if they're in a class, in a group setting, in a gym, you're probably not going to walk out the door halfway through the class. So, you know, there are benefits and there are some, you know, some negatives to it as well. But what we're seeing now, which I think is greater, what I'm seeing a lot with my app is that people are taking their iPad or whatnot to the gym and finding a group ex room that's empty and using that room to continue to do the program that they love to do, right? Or incorporating it with, you know, heavier strength training days where they're in the gym on the on the strength training floor, right? Doing that work on certain days and then work from home using an app on the days where they're home. But I think it's also reinforced what I always like to, um, I'm such an advocate of these, you know, movement snacks, as I call them, or Stokes Nax, where, you know, working and moving from home the beauty of it is you can take 10 minutes, right? Where are you like we're sitting right now? The minute we finish this podcast, any of it say, like, get up, push play in some fine tuning 10 minutes or like, partial reset from the body shop because we just sat for too long, right? Grab these bite-sized snacks during the day that I like to say they all add up in your wellness bank. So when you have, in some ways better, right, that you have these little moments where you can get some movement and step away from your computer and, you know, the most important thing that people can do when they are working from home is to not get off a call and immediately grab their phone and just start scrolling like thick, this and looking at Instagram, but rather get up immediately, get outside, get some natural light, get out in, you know, nature and I always like, I have my bands here, but like bring a band with you, you can have a round of wrist and you're just doing some postural, you know, you just start pressing out on the band or you start flexing, you know, working your triceps, like, it gives us the ability to get these snacks in that long term can make a massive difference on your body. But it's made a shift of like, oh, I've got to be in the gym for two hours to get down one age to go to, I'm going to break it up into three different little bite size movements snacks. Absolutely. When I started seeing people bicep curling laundry detergent, I was like, oh, we're not it now. We're cracking the code. We're going to be just fine. Everybody, you're a whole house, can be a gym. Absolutely. Push that off your countertop and they kid you. It's like, just, you have to shift your mindset, right? And people, they can still be like, oh, you know, or they'll say, just give it a rest. It's like, no, like, this isn't how every second of the day is, but like, if you pass by a countertop and you're like, all of the sudden, you're like, gosh, I could use 10 push-ups. Do your 10 push-ups against a countertop? You don't continue on to the refrigerator. And like you said, those snack bite pieces throughout the day. You do a couple sets of that throughout the day. Okay, you're done. Exactly. If you do five sets of 10 push-ups every time you walk past a counter, you're like, there's 50 push-ups today, right? It's like 50 better than if you hadn't. So like, like, and then you're going to physically feel better. And then also mentally, but like, I did 50 push-ups today, all right? I'm going to go for 55 tomorrow. Absolutely. And when I'll often say to people who are like, you know, they struggle with hitting the refrigerator at night, right? Just like, they're like, oh my gosh, it's like, I guess you tell them like, turn the kitchen light off, like after nine or whatever you're not like the kitchen's closed. But that's hard for a lot of people. You still pass through your kitchen, right? So if you instead before you go to the cabinet, just do like push-ups off the counter or just a couple, you know, something something on your way there that can maybe distract you and then suddenly you realize, wow, I wasn't hungry. I was just doing this because I was planning some stimulation, right? Right. You know, I think also, you touched on it. I mean, people are bringing the phones and the tablets into the gym. And there's a reason for that. I experienced this yesterday, I hardly go into an actual gym on a Sunday like it to be a family in low-key day. But I said, I really want to move, but I don't feel motivated to do it here. So I went to the gym. And I think a lot of us didn't realize how much we are missing that component during COVID right, just being around other people. Even if you're not necessarily working out with them for a class, just being around that many people and understanding that they're all they're working, it's motivated. It's not going to get to that. And you're doing your pre-working, you're like, okay, I'm ready to go. And then it takes it up a level when you go into a class. You leave one of those classes and you're like, wow. I'm so glad I can't do that. So I think a lot of people are emerging themselves back into the community factor. And we're seeing experiential events come back. We're seeing more smaller. Vertiques come to rise with these kind of classes. We're seeing these types of apps bring people together for in-real life events. Yeah. That's really awesome to see. That's my, what I miss most. I mean, as someone who has taught group fitness or trained people for 28 years when COVID happened, I always said, I want to be able to choose when I hang out with my sneakers. I didn't want it to end that way. And I mean, I get such, it's like you get a high off of teaching other people at least I do. People who say to me after 20 years, are you tired of it? I'm like, no, this is like I love it so much. But balancing it out, not teaching 15 classes a week anymore. But I was teaching six, which was perfect, right? So as to have that taken away so abruptly, was it hard for me as it was for the people that used to attend my class? So what I'm, you know, what I'm now doing is these events, these pop-ups, these like, you know, I did a stoked up, stoked up for the holidays. I just did last month. Like these little pop-ups just, and it's amazing how hungry people are just to be amongst other humans again and have that real, as you said, that community feel. But trust me, I'd say it's not just the people taking the class, like I need it. Like if this is what you were meant to do and born to do and it's truly your passion, there is nothing more exciting and nothing that fills your soul more than being able to share what you do and make other people feel better. So I think it's awesome. Like I, in person events are like my number one goal for the next few years is to just make sure that I do as many of those as possible because you just bring people together and it just, it really does it creates, the motivation and the inspiration it creates, just being around others is so huge that that can't be, that can't be duplicated virtually. You know, like, I do my best. And I know I do on the app to keep the energy high and keep people in, I have the most wonderful community in Facebook group. They are so supportive of one another. But there is nothing like then having an in-person event where they get to actually meet one another, you know. So I think if anybody is scared to go to the gym, I think sometimes people got out of the habit, there are those people that are now kind of a free to go back, right? Because if you're more of an introvert and you got really used to also work around at home, you're like, I'm just gonna stay in this cozy app, people use for a while. I think it's even more important for you to step foot into a gym and like I said, bring your app with you or, you know, find a class or something. That it is really important to make sure we do so much in life now with technology that's so that is so introverted. That try to also go to a gym and one thing if you're using an app, but it's another thing if you're just sitting on a criminet staring phone between sets, try not to do that. Right. I mean, especially for introverts, I would argue, jump into a class. I'm absolutely full. I'm absolutely full. Believe me, they're not gonna be looking at you because if it's a good class, they're gonna be focused on getting that free. That's really, that's really, that's a good point. As people aren't like it, you may think people are like, and you, they're not, first of all, everybody's been. Everybody's looking at themselves and they're not gonna do like, trust me, like, it's go, and if you go, like, fine, go, if you're only comfortable being in the back corner, go in the back corner, like, totally fine. But like, I think people will be, you'll be amazed at how inspired you are just by being, like we said, being in a room without the people. I, you know, as long as I've been a trainer, I still take class twice a week. Like, since I started going back to the gym, I take, it's a bar class. It's, you know, because my stoked up, let a court curriculum is based on bar. And it's like, people will look at me sometimes like, why are you taking a class? It's like, I freaking love it. It's like the camaraderie and just, it feels good to have somebody else tell you what to do. I was gonna say, there's a mine, there is a mindless component to it. A lot of you did just zone out. You just get the work done. Yeah. Yep. And, you know, I think again, back to that intro for peace, you know, if it's a great way to meet people and you're gonna have to play around, especially if you're at a new gym and you go to a Tuesday, 6 p.m. You're like, I don't think that was my crowd. Go to Thursday at 12 p.m. If you're schedule allows and find your people. Find your people. You'll find someone eventually and you'll find people to, you know, maybe hit weights with after or work out with at a separate time. Yep. Let's segue into the actual definition. Now there's no hard definition here. There really isn't in our field, but hybrid training, we're seeing, like I said, these events are popping up now. People are actively training to be a hybrid athlete. It's almost like a bragging point now. You used to be on an ultra endurance racer. I'm a, you know, power lifter or bodybuilder now. I'm a hybrid athlete. What does that mean? Yeah. I mean, I, I define hybrid among, among my method as, I mean, that's kind of, it maybe it was unconsciously what my method became a little bit, a little, a little subconscious, but also became deliberate once I realized what I was doing. But, you know, within the stoic method, there's, let's say, there's the stoic shred series. There's the stoic strength series. There's stoic deathletta core there. Very pinpointed, I call them anchor offerings on the app. And they really are working to create a hybrid athlete because you've got one where it's, you're really focused on heavier strength training. Stokes strength 360. You've got stoked shred 360, which is stokes dial hit, right? So you're not going quite as heavy, but you've got those amazing intervals of explosiveness. You've got a fledicore, which is Pilates bar, because you need that in order to stay healthy and strong to be able to do the stokes strength 360 and the shred 360. Excuse me. So when we talk about a hybrid, it's, it's, it's basically making sure that you're well rounded. So hybrid training is kind of being instead of like a master of one, right? You're almost a master of none, but you're proficient in all. I guess it's the way to define it. You know, it's like, it's almost like an ultra cross training athlete, right? And I think it's, it's almost like, you know, with an iron, with your defling and endurance athlete, if you're an ironman, but you're biking, you're running, and you're, you know, you're swimming. So that's one form of hybrid, because you've got three different modalities there, but real hybrid is in corporate making sure you incorporate that strength training and you incorporate the fine tuning and the calistetics and the conditioning, all of it, right? So finding a modality or a method that gives you all of that, like the talk method. It's an, it's a little jab there. It's really, really important, but it's also because it creates wonderful symmetry in your body. And the ultimate goal is to be as symmetrical as possible at prevent injury. It's, it's wonderful for muscle growth and the integrity of your muscle to be, to be training it in different ways. It aims toward longevity. And it's also exciting, right? You don't get bored. If you are just constantly, I mean, if you go in the gym and you're just lifting, lifting, lifting, sure, like, you get your lifting, but, but make it a little boring over time, but ensuring that you then have, there's some hit work in there and then there's some really, like, you know, hardcore conditioning, jumping rope, whatever it may be. And then the fine tuning aspect that keeps you healthier, the mobility work, right? All of it is so important. And it's, you know, it's going to help with your body aesthetic goals. You're going to look better than you probably did before. And it's also going to play into the longevity goal that we spoke on earlier, right? Keeping your body, I don't want to say in that guessing state, but keeping your body on its toes, right? Not getting to rely on the same, you know, four or five lifts that you're doing every week. And then just walking on a treadmill, like move your body that you said earlier in that episode, and new unique ways that can be applicable to life. You know, it's, it's funny. I've changed my terminology that you're like, you know, you're allowed to do this or you learn more over life, but I used to say, one of my taglines was shock it to rock it. I love it. That's interesting. Like when I first, you know, figured out the stoic method, and it's not that I hate that now, but at the same time, it's not all about, you know, the shock it rockets. It was like muscle confusion, right? It was like the premise of muscle confusion. And I agree with that to some respect, but I think there needs to be a balance there, right? So you need to keep your body guessing, right? Which hybrid training does that? But within that, you also have to have consistency in your program as well. So the consistency is how you can see how you're getting stronger and the benefits of the hybrid training. Right? So you're always going to, and you know, I've talked about this a bit, but there are certain movements or patterns that are, you're always going to do, right? You're always going to find in programs that you have squats. You have dead lifts, you have lunges, you have a push, you have a pull, you have all of those things. Those basic fundamental movements are where you're going to be able to see, oh, I increase that by 10 pounds. Or, you know, my, my lift, I feel stronger. I feel better. I'm at, I've added more weight. I'm definitely getting stronger. It's the work around that that you can change to make it more exciting and constantly evolving. You can take your anchor strength moves, always have them in there. But make sure you have variety around those moves. Proper variety, let your, you know, that you're moving the body in a way that makes sense with the anchor move. Right. And obviously, you know, a lot's going to be dependent on your goal too. You know, if you are going out for your first triathlon, you're going to have to have a really dialed in program. You're going to have to do the same things in the same day and every week, but at the same time, when it comes to your strength training, your hit training, etc, those kind of, not accessory days, but those complimentary days to the swim bike run, right? That's where we can add these sort of components in. But when you zoom out for a second, yes, look at your skeleton of your program over a seven day week. Let's say, you know, I want a factor and maybe you need two rest days because this program is so intense. That's okay. Factor those in first. Look at how much volume you need, you need to get in for your swim, your bike and your run. And then, of course, you have to keep strength in order to one stay strong. And then to prevent injury to even get to that starting line, right? So first steps first, just look at that seven day window, understand where I need to pepper in some rest days. How many days a week I need to do more of that volume based training and how many days a week I need to do strength. And then you start kind of, you know, potting those, you know, in there. Exactly. You know, one of the words, one of the worst things I've heard or that I see, like I, you know, and I've gotten comments like this on a post and then I'll actually DM the person be like, no, no, no, no, where they'll say, oh, I'm taking a pause from from your app because I'm going to start because I'm going to be running a race. Now, now is the time. And literally, I'm like, yeah, I'm like, and now literally DM them be like, this is this is when you need it more. Right. I'm like, trust me. Like, do not just throw all your strength training aside and all the other work you're doing to just run. It's the worst thing you can do. It's like, it's that you're never going to be able to actually run the race. Right. Well, and you're sticking yourself in that such a pain that you said you're just training that linear movement. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. And sure that you're getting in that lateral movement, up to prevent injury up and just again, keep, you know, 360 degrees. You need your muscles working. 100%. Yes. Let's talk about the core specifically. This one, I argue with myself about putting this one up front because everybody wants to know more about building a core. So core building 101, you know, Kira, it's no question that you're near the core queen. So I want again, same thing. I want to break it down to two different areas. There's the functional benefits of working core and gaining a stronger core. I always like to use that apple analogy. You bite out the middle of an apple. You can easily snap that apart. But then two, break down when everyone's always chasing visible ads. So one, let's talk about the functionality of the core and why it's important to have a strong core. Well, the core is the powerhouse of your body. Right. It's like playing in simple. It's, it is where movement stems from. It's where proper movement stems from or should. It is, you know, when we define the core, the easiest way to, without going into like an hour along dissertation of what your core, it's everything but your limbs essentially. So I think, you know, we throw the word core around so loosely as trainers and again, I think there's so many people out there who don't understand what that means. They think core, they just think gaps, like immediately. They're like, and you know, we toy with even just saying like, I hate just saying the word apps. Like it's very hard for me as a trainer to just say apps because I truly am always talking about your core when I'm talking about your apps. Right. Or when we're working your apps. So important to know that essentially, aside from your arms and your legs, the core includes everything up to the insertion of your lap muscle, right? All the way down through your, so your pelvic lumbto complex, that whole complex is part of your core. So training your core, one thing it is not is just doing crunches and just working your abs and time and attention of domino work. And it's not just even just doing a plank, right? So I think plank is what people think when you say, what's the best core exercise they immediately go plank. Not saying it is and it's a wonderful one. But I always say within, within training your core, I call it the core four movements and with a bonus there's five. I just like core four rhymes. But so it sounds really good, right? The first most important thing is learning how to truly engage and activate your core. And I think that's like the hardest part is really understanding not only the breath work that goes into training your core, but just the position of your pelvis in relation to your rib cage, in relation to your glutes all of it. And there's so much information out there about it. But in the easiest way to explain it is one of the moves in the core four, which is tabletop resistance. It's what I always start people with. So really simply if you lay on your back, right, you bring your knees over your hips and see of a 90 degree angle between your shin and your hamstring, feet are flexed. You want to feel in that position that your low back is anchored on the ground, right? So we often talk about doing a posterior pelvic tilt, like that posterior pelvic tilt. And the reason we say that is because the natural position for most people when they lay down is that they're going to have space between their low back and the floor, right? They have a little lord dosis, which is the curvature of the spine, the lumbar spine, right? So we have a natural lord dosis. And in order to alleviate that space, you have to do a slight tuck to the tailbone, right? That tuck often gets exaggerated. So what we're really meaning is like a neutral spine, right, is what we're looking for. And I think when you say, I think as a trainer, we say tuck and we tuck and draw in and we show that. And then people start to feel like they got to walk around, like, tuck, right? They're like, well, but wait, I'm like tucking. I'm screwed. It's horrible position where I live now. This is where I live. Like you see, and I'm always in this to kind of like, I don't want to just see you walk around town like this. Like this is not like life doesn't sit here, right? This is just giving you this is an exaggerated example to help you learn to engage your core. So I think it's important to remember that that, like, sometimes you'll hear trainers talk and just with a grain of salt, take it with a grain of salt that you want to tuck and draw in to the point where your low back is anchored on the ground, but not that horrible, like, over, you know, that nobody would want to see. Like it's horrible posture, because it creates a rounding of the shoulders as well. But when you're laying down, that slate tucked at the tailbone. And then you place your hands on your quads and you drive your quads into your hands at the same time you are pressing away. So you're creating massive resistance in your entire abdominal wall, right? By driving those quads toward you, pressing the quads away at the same time, low back is anchored down and your ribs are wrapped. And that's a confusing term to people sometimes. So when you say ribs are wrapped, all that means is that a rib flare. This is a rib flare where I'm standing and I'm like, chest out and I'm arching my back, right? But to wrap the ribs, you do that slate tuck and draw in and it's like knitting your ribs in. It's like going like this, right? And you hold that for 10 seconds and you just push and that's where you're really going to feel. That's the first step I always have people do for activated in their core for really feeling what's going on. And it takes time. It is like, it is not easy, you know, when someone says engage your core. Nine percent of people are like, I've annoyed over the means. Like, what is that? Like, so that's the best way I can describe it. Like, I feel like that gives you the best connection from there. So that's like the first core move that of the core for. Then dead bug. I love our dead bug. The dead bug, all variations of a dead bug. They're so important, right? But the biggest, the, what you need to do with the dead bug and the big mistake is that people just pass through that movement. Like we talked about before. And I'm connecting your mind to your muscle. So when you extend opposite arm and leg and it's great to do dead bug after table top resistance, because then you're set up knees over hips, right? You go into dead bug, extending opposite arm and leg, parallel out of the ground, low back, hang, or down. You got to hold that. When you extend the arm and leg, you give at least a two second hold so that your body and can connect, your mind can connect to your core. This is the form I'm talking about. There is such a massive difference between passing through movement and truly engaging your muscle. You have got to give your muscle time to engage and sit in that moment. So it knows what's going on. If you just move and move and move, it doesn't have the time to create that neural pathway to truly connect to make a difference. Yeah, it becomes more of a hip flexion and a shoulder. Don't believe that point. I don't feel it's in my core. I feel my flex or my shoulder. And we see it all the time, right? So getting people to slow down and this isn't just for core work, but in general, slower movement in general is much harder than moving that start to be honest. If forces you do engage and try it, like if you're someone that's always moved fast, I hate to use men as an example. But if you ever watch men do push-ups, like if you just say dropping in me 10, it's faster. They're going army, aren't they? And they're not yet. They're chest isn't even near the ground. They're going like, like the bend is like this. I'm probably losing half the listener. But it's really that's it, I'm out. It's at the right. So if you ask them to slow, I do this with my husband and they're like slow it down. He's like, that's harder. I'm like, yeah. Yes, it is. It is a full range of motion. Focus on that core. It's not just get it done. It's like, let's do it right. You know? So do five bucks. Again, five reps there versus 50. 50 exactly. So with dead bug, two second hold with the extension of the arm and leg to give your body a chance to feel, but also as you have that extension, you have to squeeze the glute of the extended leg and squeeze the quad. So it's not just letting the leg fly out and extend. It's you've got to extend and squeeze. Like think about what you're doing, right? And a low back is angered down. You do 10 of those each side after tabletop resistance. And then you've got a really great connection with your core. It may seem, you know, simple or it may seem boring. But those I never go day without those moves, right? And then I flip over and I do burdog. And what is burdog? Burdog is exactly a dead bug, right? But you're in a prone position. So dead bug, you're in a supine position. It means you're upright. Prowen means you're looking at the ground, right? So in a dead bug, again, man, you see people just arm and leg, you're just flanling, right? Squeeze the glute of the extended leg, right? Feel the extension in the arm. And when you extend, right, you're working on glute engagement, shoulder extension, as you draw the elbow to the knee. I love a burdog, I'm so much, that's when you feel your abdominals, right? So so much of engaging your core is taking the time to really, really, really feel the connection. And not only in the moment, but it also takes a period of time to even develop that core stability. Because it's not just strength that you've got to fadult the stability before you develop the strength. So we've got our activation, we've got our dead bugs, we've got our bird dogs, that's from number four. So number four is a plank. Love it. So it's great all together. So the plank and you can do an elbow plank or you can do an extended arm plank, I personally feel an elbow plank more. I always, that's just me. I talking for our plank. For our plank. Yeah. So on your elbow. So I feel when I'm on my hands, I tend to start to feel my shoulders more than my core. If I lower the lever and go to the elbows, it depends on the person. So that's another thing like it really is a person like I'll train clients, I'll be like I feel it so much more. My hands are like great. So that's your plank. That's your challenging plank, right? Some people feel their core more in a bear plank than they do and extended our extended leg plank. So, you know, there are so many variations within that, within, you know, they can make a plank I guess more exciting. But sometimes just holding a basic plank. Sometimes doing like knee taps or that's just a distraction. You know, oftentimes like it's so much harder just to hold a solid plank. Because you're also staying deep in your thoughts. Right. You get down to that forearm plank. You think about driving your elbows to your toes and your toes to your elbow and you create that transversal activation. You're going to be shaking with intense. Yeah. You're going to be there. Let a, you know, you see some people in the not so perfect form that you mentioned. They're like, I can hold it for a minute. Well, let's tweak a few things and let's see when you start, you know, quick, quick, yeah, shake your hair. Yeah. You know, I think it's important to when we talk about functionality for core. Yes, these are all things to to build a strong core. You know, we said, you know, posterior chains involved here. We're talking about obliques. We're talking about that 360 degree view of your core. This is going to help with injury prevention. It's going to help with muscle and balance. This is going to help with pain that you're feeling. 90% of the people that I talked to who are complaining of back pain get a stronger core. Absolutely. You know, how many I'm we're not going to go down this rabbit hole too much. But how many people complain of chronic lower back pain and they're debating surgery. Oh, yeah. I was like, no, hold on. Let's, let's get a core circuit going for you every single day and talk to me in three weeks. Right? Yeah. It is. So 90% of people will have a little back pain at some point in their life. 100%. Not 90% as is that. So. So. And that as you just spoke to, the number one cause is a weak core. Like it is it is not surgery as a last resort to me. But you know, I can tell you, sometimes you learn the most when you have an injury, right, as a trainer, especially because you can hear someone say, you know, in my younger years, the number of people to come and say, oh, I've got low back pain on my head. You know, everybody is like back pain. Well, I myself experienced low back issues when I so ran a half marathon and asked Ben, got on a plane. No, stretch and it's when it was 40. Did not stretch in front of me on nothing. Just jump right back in the plane to come home. Got back to New York couldn't stand up. Like when to get out of the seat of the plane. And I was like, I can't stand up. So L5 S1. So her knee to disc in my back. But to the point like, I couldn't stand up straight. Like I suddenly realized what people meant when they said they had low back pain. Like I was like, this is excruciating. I can't walk. And through that, I always knew the importance of core. Obviously, it was 40 at that point. Like I've always been such an advocate of like a stronger core. And clearly I have one, right? But what I was not focusing on enough was the group need. So I was so focused on like, yes, the rotation, the anti-region all of this. But the glute media is partially responsible for stabilizing your low back. I pesky glute me and guys look up glute me on Google. You see how small but how mighty the stabilizer quality. Yeah. And it when I started like again, bands, right? Put the band above my knees be on the ground doing bridges, pressing out on the band when I started incorporating clam shells. All of these things that, you know, yeah, I do them, but not not diligently enough. When I started really focusing more on the glute me and learning more like deeper dive into what, you know, as you said, small but mighty, what the impact it can have in your body, I haven't had low back pain since. Like that was like, when once you have like everybody has her native disc, it's whether they decide to present themselves throughout the course of your life. Sure. Well, since that time I haven't had that again, thank God. Like, I was so in and now, you know, with my clients, it helped me with my clients because then I became more focused on work with them on the glute me and you can see it on the app. Like, we do so much glute me and the number of people, there's nothing more refreshing than people emailing you and saying, oh my gosh, since I started, I always had low back pain. I didn't think I could run again. I didn't think I could, you know, every time I get off a bike, I couldn't stand up straight. Started doing your workouts and focusing on the glute me and I, I zero back pain now. And so like, you know, you learn a lot through injury and I think sometimes it can be super helpful, super frustrating, but like that's oftentimes when you gain your most insight as a coach or a trainer. And it almost makes you look back in the time before you were intern and go, wow, I wish I could take, you know, have a time back to know this. But you compete. It's like your mom, your mom can say to you to your blue and the face, right? Tell you something to your blue and the face, but until you actually experience it yourself, you're eating the words, right? Right. So your core, I mean, I can't stress enough, you know, and longevity wise as we age, like the first thing that starts to, you know, when you see someone walking down the street and they're rounded forward, right? And you're like, and my husband said to me for, I was like, how do people get like that? And I'm like, because of not focusing on their core when they were younger, right? You don't develop that strength, that pillar strength. You know, down the road, it can be really detrimental. Right. And I mean, a lot of them are walking around. They don't even know. Don't know hardest part, right? Yeah, that's what's so impactful about this work, you know, that we're all talking about here. And, you know, I think predominantly when you're when you're experiencing pain in a part of your body, I think it's important to take inventory in the areas above and below it too. So if you're low, the lower back is screaming at you the second year and at a bad one, let's look at those hips. Let's look at that thoracic spine. Let's take a look and let's see how we can make things better. I think all that is super important. But let's talk about getting the core that everybody will. Let's talk about the six paths. Yeah, right? So we all hear the expression ads are made in the kitchen, but let's do bunk it. Yeah, let's talk about it. Yeah, so my quote is abs are made in the gym revealed in the kitchen. Love that. Because it's the honest truth, right? You can't tell like you're not going to get abs by eating salad. Like it's not, it's a muscle. You're abdominal, you're abdominal ball, you're core. There's muscle there. Everybody has that muscle. You couldn't get out of bed in the morning if you didn't have abdominal muscles. Now, the it's the fat over the muscles that people like, oh, no, I don't have any abs. I don't have any abs. I mean, you do absolutely during there. They're in there. There's just, you know, this is a fat, or on top, but now and that's also genetic. Like, you know, where are you hold fat or where and we need fat? We need fat on our stomach. You can't just, you know, it's not, I will say I am genetically blessed too. Like I have had abs since I was five. Like my dad has abs these eighty four, you know, so, but I've also worked really hard on it because that was an area for me that was like, oh, you know, abs are kind of my thing. Abs and triceps. Well, I'm going to make them my thing by being the best I possibly can in that area in understanding the core and what makes them like why I have them like this, right? So, when you train your core, we talked about the core four, but it's not just that. It's not like you can't just do this four moves and be like, oh, I'm going to get abs from this. You have to train your core like every other muscle group, right? So, it's working rotational work into your routine. It's doing carries, right? So, we end different kinds of carries, whether it's a suitcase carry, whether it's a, you know, a loaded or unloaded, you've got an unstable load, you've got a, you know, you're doing a high carry and a low carry rotational anti rotational work. Like your core is such an intricate there are so many layers, right? And it really takes time, like anti rotational work, pal-off press, so freaking important. But then rotational work is important as well. Don't discount the time and attention work, right? So, that gets a bad name now. Crunches are any kind of work where you're laying on the ground and working your abs. You still have to do it. You still have to do it. People may, you know, they disagree with me. I firmly believe that as much as you need the functional training in your core that we do and we do carries and all the other things, I just listed. You also still have to hone on them time and attention wise. I believe that with every muscle group. That's why I have a fine tuning section on my app because after you work in a broad manner, you then need to give it that like five minutes of really deep attention afterwards to really finish off, right? So, no one's saying you have to spend 20 minutes of day on the ground doing abs, but you've got to get to that point where you feel, you know, burn is an ascensation that it doesn't mean it's a good workout, right? But it does mean that fatigue is starting to set in. You need to fatigue your abdominals like you do any other muscle group. Does that mean you can work your abs every day because you hear a mix of that. Like abs can be done every day because they're in endurance muscle. They could be, but they shouldn't be. They should be given proper rest just like every other muscle group. So, if you have us and this is reminding everyone that every movement you do uses your core. So, your core is getting a workout every single day because when you squat or you deadlift or you row or you the only things that maybe might not work your core, I mean it still should be engaged if you're in proper position on a bench but like it tries to extension, but if you have your knees bent feet on the bench and you're tucking, right, and you're drying and you're still working your core. So, there's really no way around working your core every day, but that actual honing in on it you do need to give time for your abdominals to rebuild and get stronger. As far as seeing them, there are so many factors there. It could be another hour here, but genetics is one factor. Obviously, how you fuel your body is a big factor. You know, there are a few things you can do like cut down on your sodium, making sure like it's a muscle group, right? So, you've got to make sure that your protein intake is high. Sitting in a calorie deficit, you know, calories and then calories out, but even then it doesn't mean that you're going to be able to see your abs. It really is something that depends on the person. It really does. In your stage of life, absolutely. You know, and if your number one goal and your life right now is to be able to see those abs, okay, you need to find another goal. Yeah, but I mean, I'm again, it's that people want to see like like, and listen, I love having it like, I'm not going to say, I don't like, I sure I love being able to see them. And easy for me to say like, find another goal, you know, because because I have them, right? But, but I will say like there's so many more important things to be focused on because you can see a six pack doesn't even mean that it's a strong core. Well, and if, you know, for example, one of the, one of the tidbits you said, if that means cutting down sodium for you because that's not applicable for everyone. Well, then one of your body needs that sodium because you're working that so hard in your sweating and you're someone who loses a lot of sodium and they're sweat. Exactly. Now you're going to feel shitty, right? But you're getting those abs. You know, so like, I mean, if you want to make the sacrifices, that's ultimately your call, but just know, I mean, there's a lot of the things that are going to have to do with a lot of the things. And you may also be surprised by just changing other things in your training, right? Like adding in those more explosive movements or adding in, maybe of two days of hit, like you add in a little bit of running, like you're doing a little more zone two cardio. A lot of, you know, if you add in, if you've just been lifting straight heavy and you've discounted the cardio as we talked about earlier, you just haven't been doing it. You add some cart really specific, focused cardio in there. You may start to see the abs, or if you've only been doing cardio, which I hope isn't the case. And you start strength training, you know, a lot of people start seeing more visible abs when they start squatting heavier or deadlifting. You know, there are other factors. It's not just right because of the bracing factor. Yes, it comes to heavy lifting. But I think, you know, I think people look at it a little too black and white. I think, you know, if I do nothing, but running, I'm going to have a six pack, but you know, if you're lifting heavy, you're going to have a strong core. I think a lot of people want, you misunderstand and the sense like, if you can't see someone's abs, they don't have a strong core. Right. Look at some of the most impressive power lifters in the world, or strong man's, they have some of the strongest cores. Now, does it visibly maybe quote unquote not look like it? Sure. Right. But their ability to brace their ability to put 500 plus pounds, 600, 700 pounds, and they're back and squat that. Yeah. That's a lot of cool. You can't do that if you don't have a strong correct. Right. And, you know, same for running. I think people underestimate running. I mean, running is going to help your core a ton, just that slight rotation that you're getting. Yeah. The fact that you're pushing yourself harder, but the actual movement of running is going to help your core quite a bit slowly. Absolutely. So, I think we also need to, I mean, to interrupt you. No, I think we also, what I hear sometimes that, to me, you know, it goes both ways. I've also heard people say, in different, you know, not, not on this podcast, but on different podcasts. Like, if you see someone with visible abs, they're not healthy. And I don't think it's fair to say that either. I agree. 100% not fair to say that. We always need to remember that everybody's body is their body and different, right? And you can't judge just by what you see. Like, you don't know what, like I said, I've had abs since I was five. So, when someone says to me, oh, she's like, she's always had a must be starving or something. What? Right. Like, no, like, this is, like, I could, when someone, it's interesting, people say, like, can we see her before an after-picker picture? I'm like, I don't have before an after-picker. This is consistency. Like, I'm sorry. Like, I don't have that, like, you know, she, I don't have that story of, I was this and now I'm this. I've been consistently this, which I think is, it says a lot. Since I was, you know, like, 15, right? It's always, I've always been this bad. I've always been, you know, when someone says, oh, you look the same as you did 10 years ago. Yeah, that's a, to me, that's a compliment. It means you're not in a work. And it means that what you're doing works and you're consistent, you're doing what's right for your body. That you're able to, this is, you can maintain this because you're, you're feeling your body properly and you're working your body properly. Right. So, I think we just all need to, you know, it's obvious, but sometimes not because you hear it all the time, where people are, like, oh, but if you, if you don't have abs, you don't have a strong core. If you have abs, you're not healthy. It's like, come on. You got to find what works for you. Yeah. Ultimately, I think almost every topic, every guest that we have on here. Absolutely. At the end of every conversation, it always ends with, well, no one body is the same and you have to figure out the right formula and the right equation that works best for you personally based off where you are in your life, based off of what your goals are, your own genetics, you and I sitting across from each other, are extremely different. Yeah. So, we have to find out what works for us in the kitchen in the gym. You have to find out how much rest you need. I'm finding that I need more rest days than I day when I was 20 and that's okay. When I'm 40, I'm looking, you know, but like I look and I feel better than I do when I'm 20, right? So, you know, you just have to adapt and you have to, you know, have some patience. You have to be willing to, as I always say, like, one of my, when I, I'm constantly saying this, whether when people ask like how my business has evolved or how my method is of all they'll say, you have to be willing to evolve with the times, not necessarily change, but evolve, right? So, you don't change your core values, you don't change, like who you are as a person or what you believe or what you know to be true, but you're willing to evolve the style that you have or, you know, who you are as a person or what feels better at that point in your life, like you can't, you have to be willing to evolve because we never stay the same, we're creatures that are constantly changing, that's a beautiful thing, but instead of saying constantly changing, say constantly evolving, because you're, you're gaining knowledge, you're gaining wisdom, right? It's a gift to be able to continuously evolve. I love that time goes on. I love that. Care, let's head into our final topic for today and that's movement in menopause. Now, listen, we've only got a little bit left in the studio today. So, we need to come back and do a part two, we might have to, but, you know, there's a giant misconception that women should decrease the amount of plyometrics and running, and all of these movement patterns as they age, but I want to spend some time busing a few myths here. So, first, let's start by addressing the changes that the female body goes through in menopause. Hormones made to climb energy systems, can shift and be impacted, but how does emphasis on an impactful fitness routine potentially negate the negative effects that some women face? Yes, so there are so many, this is, it's such an important topic, right? And I think thankfully, we're starting to talk about it more. I especially am starting to have more because of 49 years old, right, whether in parry menopause or menopause, whatever it is, like, everybody's going to experience these changes. Like, you can't, you can't get out without it. There's no hiding from it. It happens to everyone. So, you know, one of the key benefits to exercise, no matter where you are, in life, but especially going through this phase, like you may feel like your emotions or that you're on a bit of a roller coaster emotionally, right? Like you mood swings is like it is one of the unfortunate side effects of parry menopause. So, what does exercise do? Well, it makes you feel better, like immediately, even just 10 minutes of moving your body is going to make you feel better. And I think almost like when it's almost like taking it back to when you were a beginner and fitness where it was just really hard to start. And I think it's that same feeling that women, you know, late 40s, whatever, whatever age you may be, 50 start to feel that they just like can't get themselves going, right? And you just have to remember like, nobody can make you do that by yourself. But if you just give yourself 10 minutes of simple movement, it's probably going to lead to 20 or 30. So, just start, like even if it's just getting outside and starting walking, you might start to walk and go, you know what? I actually feel like I could jog now. Or I actually feel like I could get to go home and I like I actually want to live some way. So, I think mentally, it's really important not to just sink back into that mentality of like, I'm just not going to do it today because it's just, I'm not in the mood, right? You say physically set a timer for five minutes. And it may not be your day and that's okay. Yeah, at least you made that effort. Yeah. But I would say 90% of the time to your point, that five minutes and you're like, hmm, nope, another five. Exactly. Another five. And it's amazing. It's like, I always say that energy breeds energy, right? You're an energy maker. So, motion is lotion, right? If you're just going to sit, like what's like in a, it's no balls, right? It's no balls. You sit a little more. I sit a little more and before you know, you're like laying on the couch watching Netflix. If you could just like shift your mindset and be like, you know what? I'm just just going to start and then it will lead to more. And I think women going through this phase of life, you become like hyper aware of everything, like any little thing. You wake up. You feel bloated. You're like, oh no. Am I getting like a menopause, belly? Like what? Like it's no, you're just bloated because you ate something last night. Like I always, I think we can also overthink it a little bit and be like, yes, your body's going to change. And there are things you need to do to combat that or you can do to help they can help with that. But also, you know, becoming hyper sensitive about it can also be a negative like anything in life. Right? If you just, if you start to like zone in on it too much, you start to stress about it too much, right? So continuing to exercise, but also, you know, I get a lot of messages or women will say, you know, well, I can't I'm 50. So I can't jump now. Who told you you couldn't jump at 50? Like, where is this coming from? Because you hit 50? Like, it's over. Like there's no more. They're coming yet. I mean, yes, I jump one time. Yeah, it's like this misconception. So what, what, you know, what happens in your 40s and 50s about becomes really important training wise is is strength training, right? We are trying to, if you're not strength training properties, we talk better earlier, lifting in a way that is really stimulating your muscle, right? The increasing the integrity of the muscle. And that can come in various ways. It's lifting heavy. It's maybe it's spending more time in a movement. Maybe you're doing pulses within a squat. It's tempo training, right? There's other ways to challenge the muscle, the size just lifting heavy. Right? So finding all those different ways and finding the way that works best for your body is really important. But we're trying to hold on. And it is possible to gain more muscle as you as long as you're feeling your body properly and you're doing the proper workouts, gain more muscle as you get into your 40s and 50s and get into that phase of life that is menopause. But you have to be willing to put the work in. You can't just grab a two pound dumbbell and it's just fine. This is going to keep my muscle mass on target. You lose between 3 and 10% of your muscle mass every decade if you're not challenging your muscle enough. That's scary. That's like, that should scare you. It should scare you to the point that you want to pick up weights, right? That you want to pick up a band more, that you want to incorporate more strength training into your routine. But explosive power, that is an area that, as I said, I get messages all the time, I can't jump anymore. I don't want to jump anymore. And when I say, why, I don't get an answer back. Because there is no why. They're just thinking that they're too old to do it. Well, I think a lot of them are afraid of the brain. I think I love that we're starting to see more women in their 50s and 60s continue to pick up weights. Or maybe you're picking up weights for the very first time. They are afraid to jump. They are afraid to continue running. They think that's going to break a bone cause a stress factor. They think it's doing the opposite of what it's actually doing to your bone density. So people have the misconception that jumping, yes, it sure it creates stress on your joints, right? But so does lifting weights. Like anything that's like good for your body, honestly, creates stress on your joints and on the muscle tissue temporary stress. That's a long term success. Yes. So let's that's like the best quote to remember. Temporary stress for long term success. You want your bone density to, you want to be focused on it, you want to increase your bone density. And the only way to do that is to create stress on your joints and your muscles, right? So explosive training is actually challenging your muscle and the genes within in a different way. Like part of the muscle that's likely been asleep for quite some time is now going to be stimulated by this explosive movement. And I think the misconception is also people think explosive. They think they're doing box jumps. It's got to be box jumps. It's got to be explosive movement. It can be as simple as standing up and just bouncing on your toes. Like that's where I tell a client to start if they're in their 50s and they're like, what do you mean explosive training? It's like, we'll just just bounce on your toes for a bit and then sit into a squat. Bounce on your toes, sit into a squat, right? Or get up on a step and stand on the step and then jump off it land in the squat. So you're working on the deceleration, right? And you're working on controlling the explosive movement on the way down. Then you turn around and you jump up, right? So their ways to progress it. The most important thing is if you're if you're just starting to incorporate explosive training is like anything else, start with a proper progression and learn the proper form. Because that's what's going to again make you turn it off from it. If you start doing, you know, box jumps, you're like, oh, now my knees are killing me. Well, you didn't start with the proper progression. Give yourself two through weeks of just bouncing on the toes. Jumping rope is an incredible, incredible. Explosive movement. But done low impact if you're doing it correctly, right? Because you're not landing like you're trying to, you know, killing insect, you're landing like you're trying to land on glass as you're jumping. But they've show many studies have shown that even incorporating jumping rope like twice a week for three to five minutes at a time can have a huge impact on your bone density. I have an entire section of my app that's jump rope. And the number of women who first down to the app will email me and go, I can't jump rope. I'm 45. I'm like, I don't understand, like I don't understand why there is an age limit to jumping rope or jumping. Like we need to completely shift that mindset. Yeah, we've got to reset it for sure. It needs to be talked about it more. People need to, you know, be educated on it more. I think the deceleration drill is probably one of my favorites for that age, right? Because you are going, you know, and this is not for the 45 or 50, but as you get into those 70s and 80s, right? You should know how to land. You should know how to catch yourself. You should not forbid trip off a step. Something in your like, and you don't want to land in your face, you want to land on your feet. Right. So, you know, you're in a better position for, you know, in long term understanding how to stick that landing. And maybe, you know, maybe the slight chance of if you're doing it too much too quickly, you know, developing something like stress fracture. Again, if you're progressing properly, that likelihood decreases significantly. But again, would you prefer to add that in a couple of times? It would you prefer to, God forbid, like you said, something happened. And now, you know, you know, they say 73% you know, once they experience that first fall, it goes down that front. Yeah. So, I think it's inherently becoming more and more important. I've had this discussion with E for men, right? And it's equally as far as for men. You need to be emphasizing these things more so when you get to this point in your life than you did in your 20s. Absolutely. You know, in your 20. Oh, your 20s. Your 20s. Like, you could basically do anything. Like, you are just, you know, and it's all, you know, I, her purrophy, like, you're working like, and you're still listening. I still love training for that. Like, no, I love to lift. I love to lift for that with, you know, but but again, like, I get such a kick out of what I see. Like, I, I just turned 30 and I'm in the best shape in my life. Let me show you how on Instagram. And I'm like 30. Oh, yeah. You can really choose any movement pattern and you'd be fine. Like, it's kind of, but when you see someone who's 49 and in the best shape of their life, you're like, I want to know what you're doing to get to that point. And what I'm doing when I encourage my clients and my athletes to use the app to do is like, you have to, you have to focus like, it's so like the, I guess the string training, but the, not being afraid of the things that seem, seem like they have an expiration date on them. Yeah. Right. Like, the jumping. Like, the, like, I just came out with a stock step, right? And people think step aerobics. Well, yeah. Like, we do do some really cute, like, stock step sport with it. But really, the purpose of coming out with that stock step was to make sure we could do up and over with it that we could do weighted step ups with it in a proper way that you could sit on it, explode up off it. Right. So it was like another tool so that I could ensure that people were doing the proper explosive training in the proper progression. So they don't, so they are doing the right things for the body. Like, your, your greatest defense against aging is muscle. Muscle is medicine. Muscle is medicine. The more muscle you have in your body, no matter what age you are, what, what decade you're in, the more you burn into resting state. It's, it's that simple. I want to start seeing more 16, 7-year-old hybrid athletes here. I want to start seeing those age groups over in Deca and, um, and high rocks and I, you know, I, we see them in Marathons. We see, I mean, I've been, I've done a couple of our man's and I've got, you know, this 85-year-old guy cranking it out and I'm like, wow, it, like, it's just so impressive. But I want to see them doing everything. Yeah, I want to see them jumping and running and lifting and playing basketball. I think we will because people are starting to understand like, you can't be afraid of it. Like, you can't be afraid of movement. Like, there's really no movement that you should stop doing as you get older. Like, the focus within changes, right? Like, yeah, we're doing more like mobility. Like, truth be told. Yes, obviously, like, I added the stoke body shop category on the app, right, which are 10 minute mobility sequences that you do because I knew that I needed more mobility. I'm like, if I need it, other people do. And people like, oh, yes, focus more on, you know, you need more mobility after 40 after 50. Well, no, you also need it in your 20s. Like, I can kind of kick out of some like, well, that the 20s lay the foundation for every other decade, right? Your 20s, your 30s every decade before the one you're in, lays the foundation for the one that comes after it. Right? So if you, I wish I did more mobility work in my 20s and 30s. So, yes, I think it's important. We do it in our 40s, 50s and 60s, but it's equally important to do it in your people want the magic pill. And they want to hear this is all you need to do. And this is the exact decade you're doing it in. It's a form of a tool. It's like, the formula is like, you need a little bit of everything, no matter what they gave you in. Absolutely. You know, and I think to your point, it's not about doing less things as you get older, I think it's also about implementing the correct rest. It's about doing them smarter. Correct. And it's not supposed to do that wisdom from the decades before and exactly, you know, I have a guy who he's about 55 years old and he goes helly skiing and he does all these phenomenal things that he's so lucky, you know, to have access to. Yeah, injured every other month. Broken finger, bro, you know, torn hip-layer arms, you know, torn rotator cloth. Come, come, come, it's excuse me. When we got him into the point of listening to his body and making better habits outside of the gym, decreasing alcohol, getting better sleep, taking the proper rest days. Hydration, getting better mobility, drinking more water, his life is completely different now and he still does all of those things with less injury. Isn't it amazing? It's like, I mean, so it really all comes back to what we start the conversation in, which is like form, form, whether it's, it doesn't matter what activity you're doing, right? But really connecting your mind to your body, no matter what age you are is so incredibly important because if we don't continue to do that and if we're not taught to do that kind of in-eately, if it doesn't become a consistent habit, when you reach that, you know, 80, when you're 80 or 90, like, and you can't, to not have that connection to your body is so detrimental because you end up not even be able to get out of a chair, right? Because you don't know, it's not, it's the strength, but it's also the fact that you can't connect to yourself, right? So it's all, you know, we're all thinking long-gaming mind and it just becomes more, I mean, I think I think about it more now than I'd for sure did 10 years ago, you know, as you gain more wisdom, you're like, wow, I need to, you know, I'm thinking 10 years from now, versus just tomorrow, you know? Absolutely. Kira, you know, we're headed, and when this day views, I think we're just gonna be shortly before Christmas. We are in the thick of the holiday season with the holiday season comes January. We all like the same new year, new year, new year, well, let's, let's be a little realistic and let's focus on optimizing and getting a little bit better in 2024, but also there are, you know, this is the time of year where a lot of people say, this is my year, this is the year I'm going to get started and that's whether they're 18 or 64. So, you know, what's a piece of advice or a piece of wisdom that you can get to those people who, you know, like we said in the beginning, they don't even know where to start, maybe they're intimidated to go to the gym to go into that class, what's one piece that you wanna leave them with? I think, you know, what's so important to me, my method and my community, and I found that it resonates with everyone, is being grateful for the ability to move and challenge your body because it's a gift. And if we can remember that it's not just, it's not a given, right, that you're gonna be able to do that. It is truly a gift. That alone will spur you on to start, to just start in your stronger than your excuses. You know, you can come up with a million of them, everyone can, but truth be told, like you are stronger than them, and it has to come from, you know, so much of it, like I, yep, you can, my apps there for you, there's a million options on there, there's 380 different workouts, but you're a million person they can push play. And so you have to take some pride in that, the ability you have to control your destiny, essentially, to control your own health. You have to really want it, and people will be there to guide you, but it really has to come from within you. So, you know, I always say you get to, you don't have to. And I think that's such an important thing to remember every day when you go to either step in the gym or just get outside for a run or whatever it is that's starting you on your journey. It's, it's, it truly is a gift to be able to move your body. So, and moving your body well. So, take the time to do a little research, right? And do your due diligence on whatever program it is that you decide that you want to be a part of. Find something that you love, as I said, that really resonates with you and make sure that that stays a part of your routine. But it is important that you are, you are taught properly. So, I mean, I think that, you know, you're investing in your health, right? There's no greater investment in your investing in your longevity. So, whatever it takes to help you get to that point that you're doing that the right way is a worthy investment. To the words, right out of my mouth, I was going to say if you're going to invest in anything this holiday season in 2024, put it to it your health. And I mean, it's the best, the best return that you're going to see. And on the spend that you're putting out there, higher a coach, higher a trainer, get the app, get the proper resources in place, you know, Google and can only go so far. So, get somebody who can work with you, find someone who can really cater to your needs, and help you understand how to get your fitness journey started. Kira, thanks so much for joining us today. Thank you for having me. Tell the audience how they can follow along. I didn't get in touch and maybe even take a class in real life with you. Yeah, so Kira Stokes fit on Instagram, that's my Instagram. As Danielle said, Kira Stokes fit app, will give you everything you need. There's all the Kira Stokes gear, the fake gear. So, I have a whole product line that goes along with the app and then CAS fit fuel, perfect time, January 1. So, you're going to get your fitness and your fueling right in check. And then in terms of classes, hopefully coming back to more regular classes in New York City after January, but definitely events coming up. So, everything I put, I'm such an Instagram girl. I'm not really a TikTok person. Oh, yeah. I'm just like a dry, it's not my thing. But everything would be right there if you follow me along on there. You'll hear all the details. What's coming up? Great, thanks again, Kira. Thanks for having me. Thanks for tuning in to another episode here at Bodybuilding.com. Stay tuned for more stories along the way.