How am I? I'm Ava Kallan and welcome to my bodybuilding.com video series. This is my kitchen. Welcome. Today I'm going to make my protein pancakes for you. I decided to kind of start this whole series off. I don't know what I do in a day of my life and I definitely have to eat before I go to the gym so let's start. I start by the half a cup of oats. Come on around this way. Let's see what I'm doing over here. Now I can also do a whole thing because this is my last season. I want to try and eat a duck in just a little bit. I'll do this. I take on my supplements. I'm doing this on my body. I don't know what I'm doing. I'm going to try to grow for this month. Then I start training in August for another show. I'm going to give myself a little week's this time. I like this for a figure dinner. Hopefully it kind of really, really, really, really, really, really good. What's it up? Yum, yummy. All oil cooking spray. Anyway, so let me cook and now what you do is you go ahead and put a core cup of sugar free syrup. This is the bomb, especially when you're like dying and you're dying. I was heated up with a hate cold syrup. Then I put a little smart spray. I'm not here. This is really, really tricky. Check it out. It says no fat, no sodium. It's made from a lot of salt. So, you're okay with this when you're trying to get laying on your dining ground. It's off season. I'm doing it. It gives a little flavor. Okay. Let's warm it off. Take a look at my protein pancakes. See, when you see my, you won't feel so bad that your zone messed up. Because mine's really ugly. But you know what? It gets dropped down. I get my, um, the complex carbohydrates. I get my protein and that's the few lighting to go to the gym. So, that one's ready. Okay. A little water spray. Here one. And there's some really good frame.關係. Well clinicians. Dock-<|hr|>. Little grease. There are some really good fat-martnails inside. Oops. These are gone, my plate's worked out nicely. So I'm going to let you see. Alright. I'm going to set the minutes, then show you what I take. I just did a supplement article, so you won't have to write this down right now. Go to our friendsit on bodybuilding.com, and that's it. So I'll see you in a few minutes. Okay, the pan cake was great. Now I'm going to use take my pre-workout supplements. And right now I'm a 3-team loading. I'm going to take 10 grams a day for about two weeks, so I can load up my 3-team stores. These are 500 milligrams. 500 milligrams of capsules. So I have to take 10 before I work out and 10 right after I work out. And then I'm going to take the pocass, and so it basically utilizes the creatine better. I really don't know the technical terms, but you get the idea. Then I'm going to take in a scene and I'm going to take the rebels. And these are just ways to help produce Adenosine tripe phosphate or ATP. So basically I'm trying to get more reps in my workout. It's going to give me more energy and that's what I'm going to do. So let me try out some of these pills and look at the tube. And I'll take one of the innocent, this is 500 milligrams. And then I'll take five grams of the work D-ribos, and that has little scoop. So let's five grams. Oh yeah, I can feel the work. And three extra. Okay, let's do it. Thank you.