You can't save this world. That's a try. How you guys doing, Michael, we're here. I'm up here with bodybuilding.com. You might know me as Titan from the American Lab here. They wanted me to talk to you guys about a little thing I call Power Bodybuilding. How you can power this in bodybuilding. So we're going to show you that today. I'm going to start out with a little chest here, a little incline press. I recommend you guys warm up, though, alright? Alright, so you stop 5 reps there. Now, this is my little trick. What I do is low reps, but a lot of sets. I'm going to stay here for about 6 sets of 5. Now, the reason why I do that is I like the poundage. I don't go 10 to 12s, like a lot of people do, because I come to do two things together. Powerlifting and bodybuilding. So that is a little trick I want you guys to try both on bench press, squat and deadlift. So get up to that max weight that you want to do. Hit 5 reps, and hit it 6 sets of 5 reps. Key points. If you can get cowbell, and the shirt comes up, that's good too. But one of the big things is rest. I take about 3 to 5 minutes rest. Reason why is I want to recover completely for the power and the strength. The shape and the size just come in right now. I feel it. Oh wow. Oh, help, stop, oh, I'm just kidding. You can't fall for that. I don't take spots. But you should, alright? How are we doing? We're doing good? We feel good? Alright, so we've just finished in clients. The reason I start with an in-cline is to develop more of my upper chest. I'm still creating that physique that I want. You can either start with flat bench or in-cline. Start with that heavy power movement to start with. And then we're going to come over to date flats now. Now, when you do the in-clines though, key points is, don't arch too much. Take it down to the chest, nice and controlled and explode up. You know, get through that exercise, power through it. Now for the dumbbells here today, we're going to do about 10 reps. Alright? We're going to basically just, you know, get us spider to help you throw them up there that way you save your back if you want. And just watch the form here, right? Watch the form, you don't swing it, you don't bounce it. Take it down nice and slow and just pop this up. It's easy enough, right? It's no problem. So, I stay with, obviously, you can see more free weights than machines. Now, that's just my take. I like to do three weights relative to machines. Just brings it more of the whole body. And I also power it. So, you can use machines, you know, same kind of thing. Go heavy, five to six reps, you know. On this exercise, obviously, you can go more, six to 10, even 12 if you want. I don't change it up, getting ready for a bodybuilding show. Now, a lot of people might go do high, high reps. I let the diet control back. And I just keep the heavy weights. I'm a natural bodybuilder and always have been. And so, the one thing I noticed is, when I go light, I fade away. So, keep the heavy weights in there if you're a natural bodybuilder, and you want to just build that exercise. Now, this is me a week off from the guest posing. Now, I still live heavy. Nice, just recommend it. If there's one of those things, you can try it, but again, it works for me. I may not work for everybody. My acting can pass. Ah, that's it, this is me. This is me. You guys in me. So, what I did was the incline, flat dumbbells, and I'm going to finish off with some incline flies again. Just because it's a bodybuilding phase right now. But I'm going to keep it heavy. Now, here I'm going to go about 10 reps, three sets. Same thing on the flat bench, on the dumbbells. Do about four sets there, okay? We already did that huge six sets to start with. So, let's finish this out. Now, I can incline flies, same thing. You watch the form, you see what I'm doing. Take the arms out, stretch the chest, switch you want to see. Huh? It's good working it out. That pump's already there. Even though I take long breaks in between that pump is there, even though I'm card to plate and two, it's because it's that pounded. It's tearing down the chest, the fibers get torn up right now. In a good way. Trust me. All right, so let's recap. Basically, heavy on the incline or flat bench, a lot of sets, six sets, three to five to eight reps. If you have to go eight, but I say, go heavy, go heavy made. Then, when over to flat bench dumbbells, get in good form, go up to ten reps, you know? And if you go four, even five sets there, I'm okay with that. Again, heavy though. And then we're going to step with nice stretch, flies incline flies today, three sets, eight ten reps, and that's it. Now understand, this is what I do for chest, but I also do this for back, and I also do this for legs, but after doing about six sets of squats, we'll have to leg breast, leg extension, but my stain philosophy applies here. Go heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, and just, you're going to love this man. You're going to love to have that strength. That's how you build the muscle, tear down those fibers. All right, I got a bounce.