I'm Alex Sava. I have a degree in physical and health education. I'm the owner of Circuit Fitness Studio and I'm co-founder of Farmifreek and I'm here today at bodybuilding.com to give you my top 10 tips for arms. We all know we love doing arms but the major complaint I get is hey I didn't feel my try-sips I'm not soaring my buy-sips and the reason for that is you're doing the same old same old. So let's switch it up. Let me give you a variation of those basic exercises that you've been doing but tweak them in a way that we can bring your workout to that next level. Okay so here we go with my first exercise, try-sip dumbbell kickback. What I'm going to do is I'm going to add a twist, take the exercise to the next level. With your elbows tight to the body you're targeting the middle head of the tricep but again we're adding that extra range of motion with that twist. So one of the main mistakes I see when people are doing the tricep dumbbell kickback is they'll actually start to engage in a swinging motion where the momentum takes over. What you want to do is lock the elbows in high and tight bring it through that range of motion and the controlled fashion so you can maximize muscle fiber recruitment. Right at that peak contraction rotate the palm upwards towards the ceiling. Here we go. That's your basic kickback. Take it up a notch, turn the palm up and add that extra challenge and intensity. To this basic tricep exercise. Okay so we just finished tip number one dumbbell kickbacks with that extra rotation at the end. We're here at tip number two and I'm going 21's on the preacher curl. I'm taking that traditional preacher curl and I'm breaking it down into three phases breaking down the range of motion so we can get that bottom end of the bicep, that overall bicep and that top end of the bicep. So here we go inside grip. Secure the position all the way down halfway up seven reps. It's going to get that lower end of the bicep. Now you're going to bring it right to the top. So you're going to go halfway down here for your next seven, top end of the bicep. So you're going to force that extra blood and volume into the biceps. Last phase all the way down, all the way up. This is where the pain starts. By doing 21's on the preacher curl, you're increasing the muscle's time under tension. And what that is doing, you're forcing extra blood, extra volume, oxygen, nutrients, into that muscle and it's signaling the muscle to grow. All right, here we go tip number three. I'm going to go to that overhead kettlebell extension for the triceps. So why kettlebell over a dumbbell? It's a different tool kettlebell hangs below the palm of the hand. It's different than having that weight right in the palm of the hand. As you do with the dumbbell, again, offering a shock to the tricep with any overhead movement. We're hitting that long head of the tricep. So go ahead and grab that kettlebell, move it into position, back behind the head, elbows, tight to the side of the head, brace the core, doing the standing, making it more functional, and extend overhead and really force that tricep, that long head of the tricep muscle to work. Big mistake here is you see people flaring out the elbows. You want to try to keep them as tight as possible and really control that movement for quality reps. So here we go with tip number four. I'm going to the in and out barbell bicep curl. So here we go grab your barbell, tight grip, but four to six inches apart, elbows tight to the body, bang out six to eight reps. Again the focus here is that outer bicep head. So that inside grip is a great way to add width to the arm because you're hitting that break your radialis and that break your allus muscle that's often neglected. When you're done that inner grip, put that barbell down, switch to a wider grip, a little wider than shoulder width, keep the elbows tight, that's the key here, keep the elbows tight and curl that weight up and now I'm feeling that stretch shift to that inner bicep head, bang out six to eight. And that's your in and out bicep barbell curl. Tip number five is going to be the twenty ones on that lying skull crusher. So I'm going to use a bent barbell for this one. I find that it takes the pressure off my wrist and allows me to concentrate on the muscle at hand, which is the long head of the tricep primarily. So take that grip, lie back. And here's the key right here. Don't start right over the chest like this because that's going to move all that tension to that elbow joint which is a main complaint. Once you move it back over the forehead and I want you to lock that in position and just start and finish right there. So from the top we're going to go all the way down over the forehead and halfway up seven reps. Trying to keep your elbows locked in. From there all the way up, still keeping it over your forehead halfway down and up. We'll extension for seven reps and then blast them full range. Tip number six is the V dip. I'm taking that traditional body weight dip and I'm shifting all my weight to one side one tricep and then again shifting all my weight to the other side. And I want to start at the top. Lock my legs back. I want to be straight up and down. This is a tricep movement. If I was hitting chest I would hit a forward lean but for tricep straight up and down. So I want you to go dead center down to the bottom and shift all that weight over to the tricep on the right side. Again take that negative center at the bottom, upper arms parallel to the ground and then drive and shift all that weight over to that left tricep. Dead center shift. Tip number seven is going to be across the body with the hammer curl. So one arm at a time adds more focus to the exercise. Cross the body is going to hit that break you already Alice and that break the Alice muscle which is key because it's going to add width to your arm. So if you're used to just doing straight up dumbbell curls or barbell curls you're going to want to add across the body hammer curls to your repertoire to get more out of each arm section. One mistake I see is people are swinging. They're throwing that elbow up and forward. You're going to get that shoulder taken over and taking away the straps from the bicep. So let's keep the elbow tight to the body. Let's focus on form and technique. Tip number eight is my closed grip, bench press, that basic math builder for the overall tricep muscle. I'm going to be using a standard 45 pound bench bar. I'm going to lie back. Take a grip position with the hands about six to eight inches apart. I'm going to start right over the chest. Keep the elbows tight to the body. Drop them down to the ground. Keep them tight as I press up into that tricep muscle. As I'm pushing up, I'm driving my shoulders back into the bench to maximize that tricep involvement. I recommend that you do the closed grip bench press, tighten with your chest and shoulder day because it does hit the inner chest and it's a great compliment to that workout protocol. Alright guys, tip number nine I'm going to go under hand grip on your tricep press down. So glue the elbows in tight to the body. Again, under hand grip, squeeze out that rep, come up about chest level and then full extension of that elbow joint. What that under hand grip is going to do is target the medial head of the tricep. The exercise is a little bit tougher than your overhand press down so you need to cut down the weight a little bit. Tip number ten final tip for you, the Zottman curl. Literally anybody does this move and you should be doing it. Here's why you're going to hit the biceps on the way up, you're going to hit the break your radialis and the break the allus and you're going to hit that forearm on the way down. It's a complete bicep forearm exercise. The first thing you want to do for this exercise is grip the dumbbells tight to the body. So when you curl up, you're going to pause and when you go into that reverse grip, you have optimal positioning to hold onto the forearm and slowly lower in that reverse curl. You're going to supinate palm up, biceps, then you got palm down, break your radialis, break your allus and forearm on the way down. When a great movement and I know you're not doing it and you should be doing it so throw it into your arm workout. Take it up to that next level. You're going to want to check your ego on this one, drop the weight and get proper technique and quality reps in, make the most of this exercise. So those are my top 10 tips for arms. I'm not giving you new exercises. I'm really just giving you variations on exercises that you're probably doing to take them to that next level. I'm going to give you three different programs on how to use these tips. First one, just take these exercises, run through them back to back and just bomb your arms. Second one, take the bicep exercises and add them to your back routine for back and biceps. Third workout protocol, take some of the tricep exercises, tag them on it, chest and shoulders, and hit chest shoulders and tricep. You can follow me on social media and on body space at Mr. Rift3. And you can get more of my programs like this one on bodybuilding.com.