My name is Alicia Harris. I'm a bodybuilding.com sponsored athlete. Also, I'm an nutrition sponsored athlete and have been blessed to have been a two-time cover model 2009 muscle infant nurse and oxygen magazine 2012. My background I come from a pretty athletic family. My dad played basketball, football, and track and college and my mom also ran track. My brother's play football and my other brother is still a professional track athlete running from a mom's country, South America, Guyana. So I've always had the athletic genes in my family. I ran track and college. After track I didn't know where it was going to go. I always wanted to be an athlete. I always wanted to compete so I decided to embark and figure competing. I knew nothing about it. I was working at internship. I was working with a friend who was actually a bodybuilder. I went to one of his shows. I saw the girls on stage and I was like, I can do that. He kind of told me a little bit what to do and stuff like that. I did my first competition. I got fifth place and of course I wanted to do better. So I kept on doing it learning more and it's brought me very on today. Five years in it. My focus in this sport I think that it's not just working out but it's also helping my mental and my spiritual and kind of just discipline factor in all of those different sections. I have to be physically fit but I also have to be motivated enough and mentally strong to get through it all. And then I also pull my strength from God. I'm a believer and I'm very spiritual and I have to pull strength from that too and just to make sure that I can get through it right and stay focused and not get off course. People send me messages on Facebook or Twitter saying that I'm inspirational. So when I go to different events and festivals and stuff like that, I hear it. So I mean it motivates me to keep on doing it and do better for myself and actually it gives me motivation that I'm motivating somebody else. Most of the time I will do cardio for maybe six days a week, maybe a long cardio maybe short cardio and then I'll also be in the weight room for four to six days depending. But I always keep my body guessing like I never do the same thing every single day because I will get bored. I do like doing it. It's a sort of cross-it-type of workout. It's more of a dynamic workout so you work with sleds, you work with prowlers, you also get some weights in so it's kind of like a bunch of everything into one workout so I'm actually like working out as an athlete. So it's not just ones that doze it all that stuff. So it's more functional stuff. I feel like it hits my body a little bit better, it keeps my body guessing and it keeps my mind going and it is hard, my heart rates always up and I actually see results within my body fat and stuff. Just keep it on moving and circutaining and stuff I usually do it on like a four-day split but I'll compile different muscle groups with each other. So like I'll do chest workout with my shoulder workout, two days later I'll do my leg workout with my shoulder workout. I'll have one day for a back day and my last day I'll do tri-step arms. So I'm getting hit and most of my body. I'm always working to better myself and I always have a different goal every time I do stuff so I never play until I always have things to change. When I'm training for a show I don't think there really is a rest day. Like I'll do what's the call an active rest I guess. I'll do some walking. I'll get my heart rate up just for a little bit so I guess you can call that a rest day. It's not like I'm going to the gym doing weights, doing cardio, getting my heart rate up super duper high. So I will just do some walking but more like fun walking like going to mall or something walk fast. So I guess it is kind of like a resting active rest day. I do a good amount of shows so like I guess you can say when I'm not physically training for a show it's my off season but I mean it's good to stay somewhat in shape and kind of close so it won't be as hard training for the next show. I do really take like two or three weeks off because I'm just so tired and it's really draining to prepare for a show. It's all worth it. You just gotta get up and go. I mean like I said an insanity is doing the same thing over and over and getting the same results so you have to change things up. You have to get motivated. You have to uplift yourself somehow and just you just gotta do it. With my meals and how I diet it all depends on my shows. I am not a calorie counter. I just make sure I get a good amount of protein in my meals. I'm a good amount of carbs, less carbs than the actual person actually thinks that they need. For people who walk up to me I do say like if you haven't took your breasts this big you probably have like a carb count about this much so like half of your protein you always want more protein on your plates and you do carbs. With my schedule I will wake up first in the morning. E-breath this that around 11 30 I'll have my next meal. Two o'clock I'll have my next meal then four and then seven. That's what works with my schedule. That's when I can get my meals in. Everybody schedule is different and everybody eats more or less. Just have something to chew every two or three hours. In my diet I eat a lot of chicken. I boil my chicken sometimes it's easiest if I make a bulk amount of it so I will bulk a whole bunch of chicken and boil it all out. Cook it, eat it, bag it. Lean fish, tilapia, I eat, um, hell of it. I eat tuna sometimes because it's easy to travel with if you have it in the little packet. Those are the main proteins that I eat. Um, for fats sometimes on my diet I'll have almonds for fats. Some people use peanut butter for their fats as well and guacamole are usually my fat sources. For my carbs sources I do incorporate sweet potatoes. Sometimes rice, oatmeal of course in the morning, and my vegetables. I'm like this general public. I like eating out sometimes I like, um, M&Ms like I eat cake, I eat cupcakes, I eat cookies, but I will minimize my amount that I snack on. Like I won't have like three bags of M&Ms. I'll just have a little bit of time snack on this and snack on that. When I'm freeing for a show I'll try to have it more in the morning so I can try to work it off later in the night, but I just have to watch how much that I eat of it and I don't eat it every day. So if I want to snack like I'll have snack. If you're going to restaurant there's a cook you're paying for your food. So you ask for what you want. If you don't want them to cook with oil or cook with butter you tell them that. Some people make fun of me because I order stuff. I ask for a salad. I'm like okay well you put the cheese on the side the dressing on the side that's made of the side we put everything on the side so I can put it in the strip of it myself. They usually do it. I mean it takes a long time to order but there's always chicken. There's always vegetables. There's always salads at restaurants so I really don't have a problem eating out unless it's like a week or two weeks from a show but others in that. They don't put that much crap on the stuff. I mean it's not going to kill you so you can order what you want at a restaurant. And I think you should stay away from them. You have to enjoy like you can't just live in the box. Well I hope this is a give me a trouble but I do do do go to haul. I do love decorations but I know how much sugar is in them so I kind of just kill back off my decoration. My degree doesn't stuff like that but I will have whenever so often. Now when I'm training for a show and sometimes if I do need something a shot of alcohol it's got less calories. I'll consume it. Not a lot. I don't get drunk. I'm not a drug or anything but I do consume a shot or two or whatever. It's less calories that I decorate your margarita. So I just try to be smart on that end too. Just pick it in right choices. I do feel like I have pretty good genetics so I probably could do it without self-immentation but I probably wouldn't be consuming the right amount of calories without like my protein shakes and getting a good amount of food in and I know I wouldn't get nutrients I need but with my workouts and something that I probably wouldn't be able to recover and feel as good as I would. If I did take them so it's a lot more helpful when I do have those nutrients in my body when I do have that right amount of calories for my system to help it recover and prepare. I don't get the nutrients from my food so like the month I've had a minute is very beneficial for me. When I don't have all my food with me, everybody's busy, everybody's doing this, doing that. They don't have time to carry food around with them all the time so protein powder, protein shakes are really good to incorporate as meals when I'm hungry when I need to eat. And those are two main things that I really, really believe in and I really think that supplementing things that you don't have. It's really beneficial to get those products that you need in your daily life style. While I'm training, I do take a moth-eye vitamin in the morning when I get up. I usually get some cardio in the morning so I will take a fat burner, not recommended for everyone but it just helps me with my cardio and trying to burn more fat, give my heart rate up. I'll also take CLA which helps with losing the body fat, I'll carnitine as well. So those are the some of the main tablets pills that I take. I do have a protein shake in the afternoon and sometimes when I'm hungry at nighttime, I'll take a casing protein. It's a thicker protein and it's kind of beneficial at night so I don't consume a whole meal or anything like that just before bed. Throughout the year, I think that I actually get really lazy so I drink more protein shakes when I'm not competing because I'm not making my food and I'm not so disillusion as I should be so I probably just get lazy and drink protein shakes instead of making actual food and I do I'll season it. I'll forget to take pills like I honestly, I just forget that as regimented, I just feel like I can take a break on everything so during when I'm not training for a show, I get kind of off a little bit but every once in a while I take them just not on a regular basis. I think there's so many supplementations out right now. If people have concerns with certain proteins or any supplementations, there's so many out there that you can find the ones that fit with your lifestyle. There's natural proteins, there's vegan proteins, whatever their daily life is on, whatever their beliefs are, there's something out there that can fit them. I don't think anybody should be scared of taking them. There's certain things for your certain goals if you want a certain thing, you can find a certain product. Wherever they're at what story you can talk to the people behind the counter and ask them these questions and ask them if this is the right product for you or ask people who take the product by the ability that account has the reviews, who likes the product, who doesn't and what benefits and all that kind of stuff. So there's different sources that you can look up and it's really good to get the products for you that you need. That's what I do for my training nutrition and supplementation. I know it's all over the place but if you have any other questions, please contact me on Body Space or if you want more videos, articles or contents like this, please go to Body Building at Count.