Hi everyone, my name is Amanda Latona. Today I'm going to talk to you about my training, nutrition and supplementation, but first, here's a little bit more about me. Actually, I started as a singer. I started in singing professionally when I was 18 years old and I had three record deals when I wasn't recording or traveling, I had like all this time off. So I started working now and the day I stepped foot in a gym, I just fell in love with it. I saw this woman and she had like six pack and I was just like, I went a little like that. So I decided to hire a trainer and he recommended because of my love of being a stage, she recommended that I could be. And in 2003 I entered my first show and I won my first show. So I was kind of really, I just loved competing, I loved setting the goal, getting on stage and it was kind of like, it was really rewarding to me and it was really good for me to have that goal, especially being competitive person. I competed all the way up until 2009, where as when I feel like it was the highlight or the changing point of my career. Because it's one I won, the flex-pecking model search championships. That day I was given two contracts, one from a leader as a leader athlete, which was a huge accomplishment. And the other one was a BSN athlete contract. So for me that was kind of the turning point in launch means that fitness industry. Most of what rewarding part is, inspiring people. So for me, it's to be able to inspire someone to do something, to not only change their physical appearance, but their health, that's in me, it's extremely cool in the morning. Training. I love training. I've always believed in heavy weights, clean diet, and minimal cardio. That is what works for me. Some people have to do two hours a car a day. I don't have to. However, I've been training for 12 years. So I have a really good base of muscle on me. I could gain muscle easy, and I can also lose weight easily. So I'm blessed in that area. I just believe in doing constantly switching things up to keep your body guessing. I mean, that's just the way it is. Whether it's reps being 10 to 12 or 20 to 25 in leg day up to 30 reps, switching up like that, switching up exercise or doing climatrics for your low body doing a circuit, doing jump-ropping in between or mountain climber or something that you know keep your heart rate up. So I just, it gets to the point where you just, there's sometimes I'm in a gym and I just say, hey, today's like I'm just making stuff up because I feel like the more your body adapts, you've got to keep it guessing. So I just say the more knowledge you can have about training, the better, the more that way when you're in a situation your body adapts. So like, what do I do? How do I switch it up? And then you've already got the information and the tools to keep your body from plateau and keep getting results. If I'm not prepping, which would be maybe just the majority of folks, I do maybe three days a cardio 30 minutes just to kind of keep condition. I'll do four to five day weight split. Well, I always feel like putting your priority, beginning of the week when you're fresh, so I like to start off Monday with leg day. And that would be probably my most intense, my heaviest session. That's when I like to do the Smith-Linders and put heavy weights on there. I like to do hack squats, one of my favorite exercises. I love doing cable kickbacks. So that would definitely be my first day, then I'll do a upper body after that. My upper body right now is shoulders and back. So shoulder for me would be a lot of supersets. It's more high volume, more of faster pace, you know, just switching at my rep range. Then I would take the next day off from weight to just do just a cardio only day, the day after that, then I would go back to lower body, and then I would do a plyometric stay where, you know, always doing jump squats or, you know, speeds, skaters, one of my favorite exercises. And then the next day, I would do like to the back of the shoulders. So my back routine is it's pretty much focusing only on laps. If you have a little wider back, your weight is going to come in, and then your hips will go out, you get that nice outer less figure. So that's kind of like what my week looks like. And then I throw in abs twice and calves twice depending on where I've just feel necessary. I do a lot of permitting while I'll start if it's a heavy day. It'll be like 12, 10, 8. So I'm going low with 8 and I'm going up to 12. And on a light day, I'm going, you know, 15 to 18 up to 20. And that would be like for my legs. There's days where I do a lighter leg day, and then that would be just more of a circuit. I don't think I've ever gone in and done the same workout exactly the same. So there's ways to change it toward in a little small change, and then there's completely different change. Six weeks of you want to stick to a program. I say that's a good time where you just want to be like, okay, let me just do something new. But you work out, you should be doing something different each week. I'm a big believer in rest. Not active rest folks. I like rest. So for me, a rest day is if it's a summer, it's chilling at the pool. I will go to the movies, whichever is just kind of just taken off. Rest day is rest. I used to never do cardio, never, never, never. And everyone asked me, oh my gosh how much cardio do you miss two hours? And I'm like actually none. And I'm so so nice and none. If I squished in a 20 minute session, that was good for me. Now, since I turned pro and my prep is instead of doing three weeks, I would walk on stage in three weeks. It's now it's like three to four months of prep. I'm a big believer in incline walking on the treadmill and stairs and stair step or anything that can really incorporate the glutes. That's what my cardio is based around. So people ask me all the time about my butt. It's my thing. Women want to know how do I go to good butt because of the fact that butts are now. It's cool to have a butt. Back in the day, you're just like everyone wanted to be just thin thin thin. It's something that I work on really hard. I actually just train really heavy. So I feel like I have a really good muscle base. And I think that sometimes people die it too much for too long and not able to actually put that muscle on. I believe that the way you butt gets your shape is because of the muscle that's on it. I love nutrition. It is my general philosophy on nutrition because there's just so much information. There's so many different body types. What do I say? Experiment with the works for you. So you know some people do low carbs. So people with me know carbs. For me personally, I'm just a believer in good carbs. I like oatmeal, brown rice, yams, green vegetables, healthy fats, avocados, nuts, oils, flaxseeds, fish, salmon, things like that. And then high protein and small meals. I would say if I'm doing 60 meals a day, the last three aren't going to have carbs. If I train later at night, then I'll take my carb meals that I want during the day and I'll put them at night. So I basically put my meals around my training schedule. If it's just a cardio only day, it's kind of just I like to do the low carb meals around the cardio, that way I'll be learning more fat. I love cheat meals. For me a cheat meal could be anything like if you want to diet, I say for two to three weeks of cleaning. Then I think a cheat meal is good. Not a cheat day. I think it derails you so much because you can put on if you're eating clean for a good two to three weeks. And you have like a crazy cheat meal of like just heavy sodium, french fries or like you know popcorn at the movie. You have a lot of sodium stuff Mexican food which I love. You can literally gain like three pounds of water. And that kind of messes with you mentally because now you feel like oh my gosh, I just kind of lost all of the progress. I just derailed it. Which isn't necessarily true because it is a lot of water but at the same time it's going to mess you mentally. So I'm not a big believer in the whole cheat day. A cheat meal to me could be, you know, it could be something that you know just being really bad. Like I want some french toast, talk to pancakes and bed and Jerry's and a burger in one sitting. Yes, I've done that. Or could be something like I just want a steak and potatoes with a glass of wine. It just isn't really bad. It's just different. You know, but that's could someone cheat meal. However, cheat meals could be taken, you know, to the extreme and we're looking at you know, hey, I was good for two days of eating. And now I'm going to have a cheat day and then like why are I seeing progress? You know, I was good for two days. You got to remember consistency is key. So if you are doing that consistent clean eating, that's when the cheat meal is beneficial. It can help me set your body like I said, he's keep it in control and do it with works for you. Something we're going to weigh with a whole cheat day, you know, you got to learn with best for you. What's going to help you not only progress physically, but mentally. I don't eat out pretty much ever. You know, it's really weird. But when I'm on a diet, it's almost like anything that's not on the diet feels like a cheat. And then it mentally feels like you're messing up so then I think that can spiral into something else. I'd rather save those times to make them special. And then to me, it's more of a reward. And I get more satisfaction out of it when I'm actually doing it, you know, in moderation at certain times. Your special events, special occasions. Supplementation. Supplementation to me is once again, you've got your training, your nutrition, and we just cap it off with supplementation. I do however feel supplementation should be just that. So my top three supplement choices would be protein, glutamine, and then a pre workout combination of say creatine, or gene. I love protein because I feel like if you are doing the six meals a day, it's hard to get in. Only is it hard, but it gets expensive if you're trying to get those meals in every couple hours. But you do need to have that protein and take high in order to build your muscle. It's quick, it's convenient, you can just, I mean, if you're running on time, you're doing your morning breakfast. So you get your oatmeal, you just throw in a scoop of protein powder, which is awesome. You know, right before bed, I like to have couples with the protein and throw in some flaxseed or something. Or some peanut butter and have, you know, great way to keep your body with those amino acids throughout the night. And then my second favorite big glutamine, just because of how overall it's great for recovery. Also, I love a pre workout. I've been using pre workout supplements for years. I love doing that pre workout. It gets my energy up between 10th and those three have really been the core to my supplementation program. As far as competition, I take my pre workout down to a half a scoop to work off season. When I'm trying to lift it, I have a year to rebuild my body. I can do two to three scoops of something, but taking it down to between like one scoop and a half scoop, it just helps to not hold on to any extra water that might be because of it. I also add in quarantine, and that's before my cardio workouts, which is what I really like. I take a lot more vitamin C. That's probably the main thing is keeping myself healthy, exercise is form of stress. You're a pretty more stress in your body, so lots of vitamin C. I think the great thing to do is cycle off supplements. I think your body gets used to whatever you take. So, certain amount of period of time, three or four months. It doesn't have to be like two to three weeks, you know, I say three to four months, and then it's just a small, like even a break, up two weeks off. I think it's really good. So, there you have it guys. That's all the info on my training, nutrition, and supplementation. If you want to see more of me, go to BSN Online.net and follow my weekly blogs there. You can also check out my blog on muslimfitnesshers.com and check out my Facebook fan page. Click like, and you can keep up to date on all the info of what I'm doing, which shows I'm doing. Where my photos are at, but from more content like this, always come back to bodybuilding.com.