Growing up, I always wanted to be a great athlete, but I didn't really have an athletic body. I wanted to look apart and perform extremely well. I did not buy into you had to have a great body, a great aesthetics if you will, or perform well. I wanted both. I wanted it all. And the only way to do that was to train like an athlete. And make sure I actually did movements and watch my nutrition enough to get a great body. I am just going to help you get both. I say you can have it all. Strength, character, athletics, and aesthetics. I would always get a kick out of people that looked like super heroes or super athletes, but they couldn't do anything with it. I would ask someone who looks the part that can you swim. I can't swim. Can you run fast? They can't run fast. The concept of AMP comes from wanting to perform extremely well and have great aesthetics at the same time. What can you do besides staying there and looking at the mirror? I would take magazines and I would pace the pictures of the sports magazines of athletes all of my wall and I would dream of wanting to look like a professional athlete. It was everything to me. I immersed myself and wanted to look like that super hero figure with the shoulders and the abs and the legs and the strength and everything that these special athletes embody. I enjoyed playing football, but I was still terrible. My high school football coach noticed of my effort. I wasn't a good player, but he noticed I gave great effort. In effort, nobody can control your effort. You can. There was one coach in the United States of America from college that gave me an opportunity to play college football. He saw something in me. He gave me a scholarship to the University of Richmond, Virginia. I went from a six foot, one six foot, two, two, two, hundred and twenty pound linebacker to a six foot, two, two, one, and fifty, five, sixty pound nose guard. I went from a guy that no one either wanted to play college football to a two-time all-American and an NFL draft choice. Health and fitness is such a huge part of my life that I don't know where I'd be without it. It shaped me as a person. Ever since I was a small boy, it just implemented so many wonderful characteristics that are everything that life is. You need to be dedicated, tortoise, you need to have discipline and anything you do. Desire is a great thing, but you can't just have desire. You have to want to put the effort behind it and it shows you that you're going to get back exactly what you put in. The ant program is the way I've lived my life for the past 30 years. The ant program is so an energy him who wants to look the part, but he do extremely well in performance. I would always get a kick out of people that looked like superheroes or super athletes, but they couldn't do anything with it. I would ask someone who looks the part they have a six-pack and have a great body. They have great shoulders and chest and legs and they just look like a superhero. Can you swim? No, I can't swim. Can you run fast? I can't run fast. What can you do besides stand there and look in the mirror? I wanted the person to perform extremely well. I wanted to perform extremely well. I wanted to be able to have my cake and eat it too. I wanted to be a strong bench presser, strong squatter, strong deadlift. I wanted to... There's a Spartan race this weekend. There's an obstacle course race this weekend. I wanted to be able to just jump in that and perform extremely well to drop a hat, be able to do it. The ant program is eight weeks of training broken down into four phases. We're giving you everything necessary to be put in a position to be successful. We're giving you the training. We're giving you the exercises, all the splits, sets, reps, nutrition, and approach to make sure that you have a great experience with the ant program. The state of experience performs. So the people that start the ant program are enjoying all kinds of activities. From Ossville course races, tough motors, Spartan, Maryland down in dirty. They want to do things that are in nature hard to do. Or they're people that just want to take their shirt off and look at. They want to be on the beast when I hang at the pool. They want to look the part. There's really no one that I can think of that I work with or on my co-workers, people in the industry, that want to be performance driven and they don't want to look good. They want both. They really want to look the part as well. So this will help you get there. The program is structured into an eight-week training platform. The first two weeks of the function phase, second two weeks are the application phase. The third phase is the strength phase and the fourth and final phase is the power phase. Eight weeks of training into four different phases, two weeks of peace. Now with each phase there's an incredible amount of detail that I've intertwined with the program. I'm not going to go over every component of each program in each phase. What you will need to do is watch each video to make sure that you're paying attention to detail and you're following the program to a take. At the end of the program there'll be certain needs that we've met. We've met the need of running faster, jumping higher, increasing force production, which is moving your body in a more efficient way and we also created a better body as a whole, better aesthetics, better look, better aesthetics, you feel better. I think in life like we always think about I'm going to wait till it's the optimal time to do this. I'm going to wait till the optimal time to be a better friend. I'm going to wait till the optimal time to be a better brother. I'm going to wait till the optimal time to be in the best shape of my life. I always say get used to working in chaos because there's never a perfect time to do anything. You're going to have a lot of balls in the air and life gets very busy in overwhelming. I don't care what you do to try to reduce your responsibility as you get older you have more responsibility and things get twisted and things get hard. Just like life, the program gives you an opportunity to set the stage to be successful, not only in training and health but also in life. You have to be determined. You just have to stay on course and every morning of your life you're going to wake up and you're going to think that everything is going to go in such a positive way but you're going to get punched in the face and things are going to happen. Huge obstacles are going to arise and you're going to have to overcome them. What are you going to do to overcome them? Are you going to stay focused? Are you going to keep your head in the game and what are you going to do to make sure that you can stay on course and you're not going to let anything else distract you. You decided you want to be healthier. You decided you're going to train. You've committed to this program. Dedicate all your time, effort and energy, be disciplined, be consistent and you'll get the body you've always wanted. So before you start the training program, there's two things you need to do. You need to watch the training program to make sure you get any and all details to make sure you understand what's going to be asked of you during the training program and during the days of training. Number two, it's important that you watch nutritional components. You understand the food requirements and the supplementation suggestions. Do those two things and then you'll be in a position to start the program.