Hey guys, this is Brian Cassette. This is a hard arm workout. It's more of a muscle building workout and endurance at the same time because we're doing high reps, we're doing heavy weights, we're doing supersets. So we're just hitting it at all angles. The reason why built the supersets the way I did is because you don't have to go clear across the gym to do the superset. To use you done with one, go to the next one. It's also there to get you in and out of the gym as quickly as possible. For today's workout we're going to start off with a more amount. We're going to superset tricep pushups with closed hand chin ups. During these tricep pushups, I'm actually doing 20 reps on each side. Going from side to side with these tricep pushups. You're isolating your tricep even more on each side. It's kind of like doing an aided, one-handed pushup. So during my chin ups, reason why I don't bring all the way up to the top or lock it out at the bottom is I want to keep a constant flex on my bicep. At the end of this warm up, I'm almost feeling like, man, I'm already getting a good workout in, but at the same time, I'm just getting ready to go. For this superset we're going to start off with the dumbbell curls. You're going to do 16 total reps that's eight on each arm. They're going to move right on to the skull crushers. We're going to do anywhere from 12 to 15 reps. On both of my mucing the bench, so it just goes back and forth. It's really easy transition periods. So going into my seated dumbbell curls, I am going with a larger weight. I like pushing it as hard as I can, but I did choose a row or a rep level. For rest periods on these, I want you to go anywhere from 30 to 60 seconds, try not to exceed 90 seconds. You just sit there and put your headphones in a new concentrate. You think about that next set. What am I going to do? Am I going to push it even harder this time? It's a don't f*** with me mindset. So for this next working superset, we're starting off at the standing straight curls. We're doing anywhere from 10 to 15 reps on those, and then we've got cable tricep pushed downs. We're doing 15 to 20 reps. So for these standing straight curls, I call them straight curls because I've locked my elbows in, and I don't let them move it out or anything like that. But at the same time, I still let my body have a little bit of a sway in there. Say if I'm doing 15 reps on this one, if I'm down to 13 and 14, and I'm kind of struck one a little bit. I'm going to give it a little bit of a kick. The dirt needs cable tricep pushed down and I keep it swollen controlled. Reason being, I like feeling that contraction at the end. So it's like when I push it down, it's just really contracted at the end and bring it right back up slowly. Contract it at the end right back up slowly. After this working set, my biceps and triceps are on fire. These first two weighted supersets that I have in the middle. These are the hardest ones and I did it on purpose. You want the hardest ones you get it over with and then the last one you just exhausted out. So this is the last working superset in this entire workout. It's what we're doing, we're going to do tricep kick backs with the cable, doing 25 reps on each arm. That's 50 reps total. They were switching right over to the standing cable curls and we're doing 25 reps on that. You're going to be doing six sets of all of this. So that's six sets of 75 reps. That's a lot and that's a way to post exhaust your body. The reason why I put this at the end of the workout is this is my finisher. This is the grant for now. It's not going to be a killer, it's not going to be like those heavy ass dumbbell curls that I was doing but it is going to just finish out the pump in the end. I would recommend somebody here on this arm workout into the routine once every two weeks. The full breakdown of this workout is detailed for you here below on bodybuilding.com. If you have any questions for me on this workout or any other workout, check me out on body space at Cassad 44 on Facebook, Brian Cassad on Instagram at Cassad 44 or Twitter at Brian Cassad. For more articles and videos from athletes like me, keep coming back to bodybuilding.com.