Today I'm going to be taking you through my 20 minute restless workout. I am a new mom now and I have three little boys running around the house and sometimes I can't always have that block time to get to the gym and I need to do something right in my own house. Today's workout is based on Tabata. Now if you've never heard of Tabata, this is going to be your new best friend for getting those kick ass workouts in a short amount of time. Typically with Tabata, it's 20 seconds on and 10 seconds of breath. But since this is a restless workout, we're actually going to utilize those 10 seconds and get in at different type of exercise, whether it's another lung burner or a core type exercise. Exercise is for today's workout. We'll be man-makers with planks, thrusters and shoulder taps, body builders with body weight squats and kettlebell swings with jumping squats. So to time here to bottle workouts today, I'm going to recommend a few free apps that are available to you on the page below. Are you ready? For the first exercise grouping, we're going to be doing man-makers with planks and that's 20 seconds on the man-makers and 10 seconds on the planks. For the man-makers, I want to show you two dumbbells. You're going to go down into a plank position holding the dumbbells. You're going to go straight into a push-up, a row with your right side, a push-up, a row with your left side, bring your feet to your hands, jump up into a standing position while holding the dumbbells. I love this exercise because it really works your upper body and your chest and it also elevates your heart rate. You're really going to fill it with the push-ups whenever you're having to push-ups in between the rows. So then we're going to go right into the planks that's your choice if you want to do a straight arm plank or a plank on your forearms, whichever is more challenging for you because you're only holding it for 10 seconds. Never allow your back to sag and never push your butt up into the air. You should have a straight plank position just as if you were a board. Going right into our next paired exercises for this to bottle workout, we're going to be doing dumbbell thrusters paired with the straight arm shoulder taps. Again, everything's going to be four minutes to 20 seconds for the thrusters this time and 10 seconds for the straight arm shoulder taps. The dumbbell thrusters your feet should be a little bit wider than shoulder with the part. Grab your dumbbells, squat down into a full squat position, extending straight up and pressing your hands overhead. Moving right into our straight arms shoulder plank taps, going down into a plank position, you're going to alternate by bringing up one hand in touching the alternating shoulder. It's very important that you are not rocking on these and that you are keeping your core engaged and your legs and your glutes the entire time until the 10 seconds are complete. Our third exercise grouping is 8 count body builders paired with the bodyweight squats. 20 seconds for the 8 count bodybuilders and then 10 seconds for the bodyweight squats. For the 8 count bodybuilders, you're going to mimic a burpee when you go down into your straight arm plank position before doing the push up, you're going to jump your feet out and jump your feet back into your narrow stance, push up and then come straight up and jump into the air just like you would have for me. Keep in mind that this is called a restless workout so I really encourage you to try to take no breaks for the extent of this workout. If you feel like at this point you need to take a break, go ahead and push stop on your timer and take the least amount of rest as possible and then get back to it. For the bodyweight squats, your feet are going to be shoulder with the part, make sure your feet are in line with your shoulders and your knees are not traveling over your toes. Keep your core engaged and your chest and your shoulders up and back. For our fourth and final exercise pairing today, you will be doing kettlebell swings, paired with jumping split squats. If you don't have a kettlebell, don't worry. Just pick up your dumbbell that you're using for all the other exercises. But they kettlebell swings, make sure you're engaging your glutes, your quads and your hammies as well as your hips. You're going to keep your core nice and tight. Let the momentum of your squat bring the weight up. A lot of people think this is an upper body exercise and you just try to lift the weight but the momentum and the power really comes from your hips. For the jumping split squats, I want you to explode up as high as you can while you're switching your foot placement. I want to make sure that you're landing not flat on the balls of your feet but on your toes and rolling your foot down into a proper lunge, making sure your knee does not travel over your toes. This restless workout is great if you want to make it a finisher at the end of your workout or a starter getting you warmed up before you really hit the weights hard. I also love it as a supplemental workout when no matter how hard I tried, I just wasn't able to get my training in for the day and this one will make you feel so much better at the end of the workout. For a full breakdown of this restless to about a workout, check out the page below. If you have any questions about this workout or anything fitness related, you can find me on my body space at Ashley Corner or on my website www.AshleyHunter.co. For more free information and videos just like this, check out BodyVille.com.