I don't live till it's pretty. I lived because I don't know any other way to live. Being a woman has never stopped me from getting busy. It's wrong or better. I'm absolutely hot here. Today I'm going to take you through one of my brutal workout. The whole goal is keeping the intensity up and being able to not walk after you're done working out. Hopefully you guys can keep up. Today is the workout we're going to be doing six exercises. When I go into the gym, I want to be using a weight that I feel comfortable. I know that I'm not going to hurt myself, but at the same time, you want to change. I really want to push yourself. Let's stop wasting time. Let's go in the gym and let's kick some ass. So I start five to ten minutes on the stairmaster. Just to loosen up my joints, get the blood flowing into my muscles. I have bad needs and bad hip flexors. So that's really important for me to loosen up before I end up potentially hurting myself. First squats today, we're going to do three to four warm upsets, ten reps. Really loosen up the muscles before you start adding on the weight. I don't increase weight too quickly because I don't want to end up hurting myself. So increase slowly and work your way up to 70% of your max weight. I like doing back squats because I can focus on my hamstrings, my glutes and my clots. And I've always had trouble growing my clots. So I like throwing them in there just to keep my muscles. For front squats, you want to do one more moxet, making sure that your form is good. And then you're going to go into your working set, resets of 12 to 15 reps. Making sure that you're going a little bit below parallel. The front squats, you want to make sure that you're not arching your back too much. That's it, it is a lot of weight on the front half of you. So it's kind of pulling you forward. We're going to do single leg extension. And we're going to do three sets of 15 to 20 reps. And then after that third set, we're going to do a drop set of double leg extension. With leg extensions, I really try and focus on squeezing my bar. You can point your toes in, you point your toes out. When you get to the double leg extension, you want to still keep the same form that you had for this single leg. And you still want to squeeze at the top of each rep. It's going to be hard. That's the whole point. You're really fatiguing the muscle. Make sure that you're really sitting back in the chair too. Grab those grips on the side and hold your ass down. After your double leg extension, you want to do four sets of 30 steps of walking on this. You want to do one set of 15 on this with weight. You're comfortable with, but still pushing your limit. You want to perform one set with weights, and then drop the weights. Rest 10 seconds. Perform a set without weights. Rest 10 seconds. Grab the weights again. Perform 30 steps. Drop the weights and then do your body weight back. For another 30 steps. We're going to work our way into line line curls. We're going to do two to three warm upsets and then three working sets. Follow the 15 reps. You really want to focus on contracting the hamstring. Squeeze in, near your butt. Slowly letting the weight back down. You never want to slam the weight back down with hamstrings or any exercise. Next we're going to do a stiff leg, deadlift. We're going to do one more set, three sets of 12 to 15 reps. Making sure that you're really feeling that contraction in your hamstring that pull. If you're arching your back, your weight is weight-mevgy, and you need to lighten up. It's not about the weight per se with stiff. You want to make sure that you're feeling that pull. If you need to go a little bit lighter, that's fine. Not so much about the weight. It's really concentrating on your foreman, feeling that pull in your hamstring. That's it for today's workout. I usually recommend working this into your split once a week. If you guys have any questions, you guys can find me on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and BodySpace. For more videos and content like this, keep coming back to Bodybuilding.com.