I'm sponsored athlete for Adidas. I'm a celebrity trainer. My clients include people like Bradley Cooper, Kate Hudson, P-Ditty, and some of the world's biggest professional athletes. I'm a CEO and founder of Clutch BodyShops. My mission is to change the way you think about your body and what is possible. I'm Ashley Conrad. Growing up, my parents were parents that would never let us be inside watching TV. We always had to be outside doing something. The president was set really early on in my childhood and from his early as I can remember, even three years old, I was enrolled in soccer. Sports became a part of my life. They've been a part of my life for as long as I can remember. It is still such an important part of who I am. I've really shaped a lot of the methodologies, especially the psychological aspect, a lot of the stuff that I do today with clients. From a very, very small age, my dream of someone ask me, what do you want to be when you grow up? There was always, I'm going to be a professional athlete. Even at seven, eight years old, I didn't matter what sport I just knew I was going grow. So I remember when I was like eight years old, I was on an all-boys baseball team and ended up making all stars. So now I'm on this all-boys all-star team and the first day home from practice that day, I was like, crying because all the boys were so mean to me. I remember my dad looked at me and he goes, honey, they're just jealous because I don't know that you're going to be a professional athlete. It was really special because my parents always supported that dream and me and athletics and then when I moved into my high school years basketball had become the central sport. I was standing in the canteen and watching around and they're sharp, she's an astronaut, just inside, you are getting along. I began adhering to a much stricter training regimen. Going into my freshman year, it was the first time I had lifted weights. It was the first time that I began to kind of understand that outside of actually playing and practicing the sport, there was kind of this whole other world and way to train your body to become a better athlete. About my freshman or sophomore year, I said, you know what? I know exactly what college I want to go to. I want to go to USC. So my goal from there on out was just how am I going to be able to play basketball at USC? And at the time it was nobody, I mean nobody thought that it was actually possible. I was a great athlete for the small town I came from but when you consider the rest of America and the recruitment pool that they have the pull from, it was kind of one of those things where everybody was like, yeah, yeah, that's great. USC, whatever. So that was kind of the beginning of a four year journey for me of training by the time I left like a professional athlete and a lot of my, a lot of my methodologies around nutrition and training specifically, I still pull from those years of training for that dream. Well before I got to USC, it was really about, okay, here's the end goal. The end goal is to play basketball here. What is going to need to happen in order to make that dream or reality? And so at the time I had this really amazing coach, he would really taught me how to look at what the big, the long term and then how we're going to break that down short term. So every day was something different. So by the time I was a junior in high school, I had not only transform my body but going into training sessions, all I thought about was where I wanted to go. That was it. And it wasn't just USC, it was the next game, playoffs, all the visualization that went on and how am I going to get here. Learning in my teen years, okay, you have something you want to do. It's not going to come easily. It may take you four years, five years, but if you set that plan up and you know what you're supposed to do every single day and you're willing to actually commit to that every single day. At the end of those four years, I ended up playing basketball at USC but it was only because I had that plan. For me going into SC, I was aware of the athletes that they were bringing in. The bar was set extremely high. So once I got there, it was I would do everything that the team would do but because I felt like, I was really the underdog because I was never the fastest. I trained really hard to get faster but there are certain people that just have that genetic advantage over you. That there's nothing, not a whole lot you can do. So for me, I would go from our conditioning workouts to basketball practice and then we would lift and then I would do another hour and a half, two hours of working out outside of what the team would do. So while I was at USC, I actually sustained a couple of pretty serious injuries. One was a knee and one was a back injury. And doctors basically told me if you continue to play, you're basically not going to be able to go on leisurely runs but time is 30, you're not having any cartilage left in your knees. So I had at the time, I'm going to an amazing sports medicine doctor who saved me from a number of from surgery, actually having to operate on the knee and through watching the way that he was able to dissect the human body and look at, okay, here's a different way that we can treat this and through rehabilitation exercises. Here's what we can do to prevent you from having to have surgery. I thought, you know what, this, if I can't be a professional athlete because of these injuries that I sustained. I think I'd like to work with athletes. I'd like to train them and I'd like to help rehabilitate him the same way this doctor has done with me. So with that after I got done at USC, I ended up enrolling in medical school and that's what I thought, that's really what I thought my future was going to be. While I was in medical school, I wasn't training six, seven hours a day anymore. And obviously when you're not doing that and you're now eating whatever you want, I've been so disciplined for so long that I kind of allowed myself to say, you know what, I'm just going to eat what I want to eat when I want to eat it. I found myself suddenly 20 pounds heavier and I woke up one day and looked in the mirror and took a good hair and looked and thought, it's time to do something about this. This is not, I really didn't recognize myself because my body had never been as heavy as I, as I was in that time I was about 175 pounds and on my frame, that's pretty big. So without having all that time to train, I thought, you know what, what I need to do is I've got about 45 minutes to an hour every day. What can I do to take this weight off? So I sat down and I combined everything that I knew from my background at USC, all the canysiology classes, I took all the exercise prescription and nutrition, then I drew from everything I was learning in the pre-med classes and everything that I knew as my background as an athlete and I put together this program and at the time it was funny because I don't even think I even realized what I had just created. But as I began to go, put myself through this program and watched how dramatically even within the first couple of days my body was beginning to change without working out two times a day without, you know, depleting myself of carbohydrates or water or anything, just really my metabolism was just speeding up. So I thought, wow, this is, I think I've really got something here. And as I began to continue to go through the program, I began to think, you know what, this is something that in LA could be extremely valuable. I think that I could have something that nobody else has. I made the decision that this is what I wanted to do. The problem was at the time that there were such high expectations from my family and from everyone around me, I was, you know, everybody was so excited about the fact that I was going to be this doctor and it was so amazing because there's a lot of disappointment when I decided to kind of walk away from basketball because you know when you've been an athlete, your whole life and you've been praised for being such a great athlete and then you kind of walk away from that. It's like, well, what makes me special? I don't have that. But I knew I said, you know, I think this is something that I have to do. So I flew home and I'll never forget I sat across a table from my mom and my dad and who have always been so supportive of every decision I've ever made and so supportive of every dream I've had because I've always been an underdog and they've been like always in my corner and I sat across from them and I said, I am going to drop out of school. And their face is just dropped and I said, why is that? I said because I'm going to be a trainer. I said, and I've got this program and I'm telling you, it's really, it's something that is going to be huge and I think if I just focus on this, 100 percent and I execute this plan that I put together, I think that by the time I would be getting out of school, I'm going to be really far ahead and they said, you're making a huge mistake, like you're throwing away your future. Like, how are you going to do this? And it was looking back on it, I think any parent myself included would go, you're going to drop out of school. Like you don't even have a job at a gym. You have no experience with this. How are you going to make this happen? And I honestly, I didn't have the answers that they wanted, but I remember just, I just knew that this was what I was meant to do. And I looked at them and I said, you just have to trust me. I know what I'm doing. After I had had that conversation, I withdrew myself from school and I began looking for a job training. And I thought, I was a basketball player. You see who wouldn't want to hire me. I have all this background and training. It's going to be easy for me to get a job at a gym, but the truth was, I could not get a job. Like, literally, not a single gym in Los Angeles would hire me. And so that was kind of like the first, my first lesson in complete humility. People don't know this, but I had to go into 24 our fitness and Hollywood every day for two weeks and literally go into the fitness manager and say, I need you to hire me. So finally after begging them, finally gave me a job. And I then had to sit through like a week of training eight hours a day where they described to you how you train somebody. And it was just further confirmation for me that I was on the right path because the way that they were dictating to the class that you're supposed to train somebody was completely opposite of the program that I put together and what I know to be true literally within the first month I had more clients than I knew it to do it. As I was building out clients at the gym, people were getting these really incredible results. People were saying a difference in their body in the first three, four, five days. And word at that time began to spread around Los Angeles, it's kind of like wildfire about this young trainer who had this program that had the ability to transform somebody's body in less than a week. And so things were just kind of starting to kind of bust out at the seams and I get a call one day and at first I thought I was a prank call. But I got a call. It was just huge, a list celebrity. And they said, I've got a film coming up that I need to train for and I've only got a couple of weeks. Can we do a training session? I'll see if I like what you do. Sure. What gym do you work out of? And I said, we're not going to go to the gym. This is going to be the address to your house. So I showed up that day purposely with a medicine ball in one hand and a resistance ball band in the other. And I showed up to the door, she opens the door and literally like I'm standing there with two pieces of equipment and she literally does this. It goes, what are you going to do with that? I'm like, we're going to train with it. It goes, you think you're going to be like, kick my ass with that? I train like five days a week. And I said, we'll see. So go out to the backyard, set the equipment down, start putting her through the circuit. And about two minutes in, she's hunched over, pouring sweat, who looks up at me like this and she goes, what are you doing for the next four months? I need you to come to sat with me. And I said, let's do it. And so that was the beginning of my career in celebrity training. And I texted my mom and I said, I'm on a private jet right now, flying the Boston. I told you that it was going to be okay. And from that point on, that was really the beginning kind of of everything. My entire career and also it was my family, obviously, from that point on, what's extremely so important because they were like, how the hell did you go from having nothing to this? It's six months. It was just completely baffling to sort of everyone around me. My dream now, which it has always been, even at that time, was to be able to take what I've done behind the scenes with these now, you know, Hugh J. L. Celebrities, professional athletes, these huge transformations, and I give it to everybody. So the mission is really just to inspire people through exercise and through fitness and through nutrition because having those things without being inspired, if you can inspire somebody, you can actually change their life. There are six pack abs that aren't going to change anybody's life. But if you can get them the six pack abs and you can actually create a positive change within them, that person can do whatever they want to do in life. And my life has been a perfect example of that. Ash LaConra, we're going to be everywhere. You're going to, you're reaching in the fridge for a piece of cheesecake. I'm going to be there on the bodybuilding.com site, watching you. So keep going to bodybuilding.com. We're going to get you the tools, the weapons, the content, the truth that you need to make that change. And we're going to do everything together. It's going to be fun.