Hi, I'm Ashley Dunn. Stick with me and I'll take you through my training, nutritional and supplementation program. I've been at a spot where I was a lot heavier than I am now and it really had to start with my mind. Me deciding to commit and deciding what I wanted out of my life if I was going to move forward and progress as a person. Or did I want to stay there and continue to go at a downward slope? It seems like people want to know the secret and how do you get started or how are you accomplishing all the things you're accomplishing? How did you do it? How did you lose 40 pounds and how do you keep trying to lose, you know, or gain muscle or whatever my goals are? And really what I found is it's an attitude. For me, I don't give up and you know, I've been it this weight for about eight months and it's been my biggest plateau and I've done everything under the sun to switch it up. And you know, it can be discouraging and I know how that feels. You know, I've been on the other side of it and I'm still living it. I do have other goals and it's just, you know, it's really not giving up because even in life, if you have a goal and you say, you know, I put this much effort in and I haven't obtained that goal yet and I'm done. Well, then you're not ever going to get to that goal. You just have to constantly keep overcoming these battles and knocking down the walls until you get what you want. So really for me, I think that that's the most important aspect of any goal, whether it's in fitness, health or life in general. My overall approach is to constantly switch it up. I like to shock my body. I have been overweight before. So what I'm learning about my body in the past two years of training is that really my body is trying to hold on to the spot. Basically, as life supports, so I'm constantly trying to switch it up and find what works for my body. How my body reacts to different ways of training. So I've pretty much done it all, I feel recently with my goals to shed more body fat the last like 10 pounds. I feel just to get a little more lean. I've been adding low intensity to my week. I weightlift five days a week and recently I've been doing the German volume training and I've really just been kind of doing each muscle every day of the week. And then I'll do abs and calves, basically just all throw them in a couple days a week. And then I also do high intensity interval training about three times a week for 20 minutes after my weight lifting. German volume training, it's basically about choosing one exercise for a muscle. The way I've approached it is doing like 10 reps and then you're doing 10 sets. And so then you've pressed no longer than 60 seconds in between those 10 sets. You follow with other exercises for that specific muscle. But then basically it's pumping out that muscle. I don't ever just pick a rest day. I usually listen to my body if I feel more tired than other days. It's not just like, okay, I'm done with work. I'm really tired of today. I don't want to go in. It's more like, you know, my body feels fatigued. I'm going to take a break today. I don't do cardio. I completely lay off and I just basically take a break from the gym. And I still try to maintain my calories and eat well on that rest day. But I just try to, you know, step away from it. If my body isn't responding after a few weeks, I can tell. Like, I know my body to a team now. And you can just tell how close they're fitting. And, you know, after a matter of time, am I seeing a change that's sticking? Is it permanent? For me, diet is a huge majority of whether you're training gain muscle, lose body fat, or just maintain a healthy lifestyle. And for me, I like to incorporate lots of fruits and vegetables, protein, carbohydrates for energy. And recently, I've been carbs cycling, which I've found has been working for me well. I think it's just a new approach for my body. And it's responding well to it. But to me, nutrition really is just about finding what works for you. Never leaving anything out. Making sure you're getting all of the nutrients that your body needs for energy. For my specific goals, I do, and I think everyone should do this. Five to six meals a day, and I eat every two to three hours. So right when I wake up and less I'm doing low intensity, cardio in the morning on an empty stomach, I will eat. And I try to do the majority of my carbs from breakfast, and then I take her out by night time. So when I have my last meal of the day, I'm having protein and vegetables. And a lot of people think that, you know, it's the American way where you skip breakfast. And then you eat the biggest meal at dinner. And for me, it's actually, I believe it's the opposite. And then there's actually a saying that says, eat breakfast like a queen, lunch like a princess, and then dinner like a pauper. So I think that's a great way to look at it. I really watch my carbohydrates. I know my body, and I know I'm very sensitive to carbohydrates. So if I just have carbohydrates throughout the entire day and to see, you know, whatever type of bread it may be, whole wheat bread and, you know, any type of carbs, I know that my body is going to blow a little more than usual. So I really try to eat on the majority in the morning for, you know, energy throughout the day. If I eat a midnight, I really don't feel like my body needs the energy from the carbohydrates because I'm going in the rest. I'm never going to deprive myself of carbohydrates because I feel that they're really important for everyone's body for energy. And I'm not ever going to take it to this extreme where I would deprive myself. So I'm constantly trying to approach as until I find what works for me. When I see a piece of cheesecake at the table, I would love to indulge, but I say no. As far as cheat meals go, it really depends on what your goals are. You know, if you're trying to build muscle sure why not your body, probably want that those extra calories. But if you're really trying to lean down, personally, I think you really got to get serious and eliminate them. Now, there's lots of different takes on it. And that's the whole thing about, you know, this industry is that everything works different for every different person. So for me, I found that if I indulge, then I can tell the next day and I feel like I'm kind of hindering my progress. I realize that what I wanted outweigh that temporary fixation because it's just easy when you want something bad enough. It is very, very challenging to make that decision to put that over, you know, having a really great meal. Because this is life and that's kind of how I think we justify, you know, you want to, you know, enjoy yourself and, you know, enjoy yourself, enjoy in a nice meal and good food and friend time and, you know, eating with friends. But my advice would be, um, try to pick your competition. Pick something you want to be involved in. It's going to make you really push yourself for that end result. Because I swear, if you set a goal and you have just like a competition date in mind, it's going to make it easier. And that's going to help, you know, tell you, know, you can't have that because you need to be here and in this condition for that. And in order to be there, you have to give that up. Nutrients that may be lacking in the food that you eat on a daily basis. You know, you have a busy day at work and you aren't able to bring that chicken breast to work or prepare it for that day. You know, the supplementation would be the protein powder, which is there to help maintain your muscle and build muscle. When you go into the gym, you know, you're breaking down your muscle fibers and your muscle needs that extra protein to help rebuild it and sustain it. So that's why I supplement with protein powder. And as far as the extra nutrients, you know, vitamins and fish oil, I just think they're so important because internally is just as important as what's going on externally. If I'm trying to build more muscle, I would definitely supplement it with more protein powder than I do now and just make sure, you know, like I would do case in at night right before I went to bed because then that's putting more protein in your, your body. And that's what your muscles need to build more muscle. And I would also add in BCA, so branch chain amino acids and that's just replenishing refueling your muscles as well. So I think they're both very important and when I am trying to build muscle, I do incorporate both of those together. So if I were to recommend for you just starting off, you're just starting to go to the gym, whether you're trying to lose weight, build muscle, the three most important supplements I would recommend are protein powder, branch chain amino acids, and then a pre workout. Sometimes you know after a sluggish day, I'm feeling really tired and I make myself get to that gym because I have a goal, so I'm there. And sometimes pushing out those last five reps, which is where the muscle really grows, is really hard to do without a pre workout. And for me, that pre workout really gives me that intensity I need or maybe lacking from a hard day's work and gets me to finish those five reps. So now that you know about my workout nutrition and supplementation program, check out the page below for my full plan. But the most important thing is motivation. To me, to you, really finding your motivation, it's not inherent, it's learned. Anyone can make it happen for themselves with the right attitude, just a couple little tips. And then I put out little sayings, I find in magazines, and then I post them on my fridge, so then I'm looking at them every day. To me, that really works. Also finding someone that inspires you, checking out what it is that they do following them, finding out what they do to attain their goals. That's key. If you wanted to find more information on me or wanted to ask me any questions, check out my body space, hot-y-i-m. For more content or any information like this, check out bodybuilding.com. Thank you.