I'm sponsored athlete for Adidas. I'm a celebrity trainer. My clients include people like Bradley Cooper, Kate Hudson, Peter D., and some of the world's biggest professional athletes. I'm a CEO and founder of Clutch BodyShops. I'm a missionist to change the way you think about your body and what is possible. I'm Ash Lacanara. For anybody who wants to build muscle, lose body fat, whatever your goal is, supplements are extremely important, but I think we're in a day and age where they're becoming increasingly more important. Studies are beginning to surface that the food that we're eating, the nutrient levels are actually decreasing because of the way that we're actually manufacturing food. Studies are showing that we actually cannot get even from a multivot on a vitamin level, vitamin mineral level. It is impossible to get everything you need in the day. From food. If you start to think about protein sources and carbohydrates sources and all those macro nutrients, I think there's been a lot of confusion when people come to the table and they say, well, I'm eating right, so my body's getting everything that it needs. But anytime you're putting a strain on the body with exercise, especially the type of exercise that I put my clients through, it's so important that you're putting back what your body is burning through. And that's where supplements are completely crucial. My philosophy and supplements has always been to keep it extremely simple. In regards to multivotivants, it's extremely important that the multivotamin that you're taking, your body can actually absorb. Now, I know that that sounds really silly, but there have been an increasing number of studies done on a lot of multivotivins that are in the marketplace that maybe it has 3,000% of this in this, but if your body can absorb it, there's no point. So for me, and looking at multivotivins, I'm looking at the way they're made in the ingredient sources, I like plant-selling ingredient multivotivins. And studies they've been shown to absorb in the body up to 300% in some cases, better than the leading USP or synthetic multivotamin. In regards to fat burners, I go completely stimulate free. The reason for that is because I don't want to mess with cortisol levels, I want to keep cortisol levels completely stable. So there are plenty of ingredients like CLA, Fugos, Anthony, that have been shown to help your body burn fat, increase their magenesis without having to speed the heart rate. With stimulates, I have this thing that I like to say, it's science, not stimulates. There are other ways to burn fat off the body without having to use caffeine. In regards to building lean muscle and protein powders, my protein powder has been one of the things for me that has been one of the biggest obstacles because it can be a blessing and a curse. When you have somebody on camera and being able to maybe use a protein shake as a meal replacement allows digestion to take a break so you can actually shrink the stomach, but so many protein powders blow people out. So it's like you can talk about way concentrate and cast in and all these different forms of it. Always been way protein isolate and it's extremely important that in dealing with a way protein isolate that it is 100% hormone-free. You have to actually do your research on what these ingredients are and where they're coming from. If you don't understand that as a consumer, you're going to make mistakes and buying and you're just going to throw your money away. And I think with supplement sets, when are the biggest issues that people have had is like they're a bit disenchanted, just like all the diet books that are going around is because people have spent good money hoping to get a result that actually hasn't delivered. So when you kind of educate yourself on what different ingredients do, why it's important that they're sourced in a certain way, you can't be fooled by paid athletes in a brand. You can't be fooled by gimmicky marketing anymore. You know looking at that panel, whether it's food or a supplement, you know what you're getting and you know what you want to buy. And that's extremely important. I think that for people that don't think that supplements work, they obviously have not found the right supplement for themselves. They haven't found the right line because if for somebody like me, when I am taking my supplements, I'm taking the mom time, I'm taking them the way that they're used as directed, there is a major difference in my body. A clear difference in my body. The clients that I work with, the difference between somebody who's taking supplements and not, they're just not going to reach that goal on time. Since our design to speed the body up, to take what you have and make it better. So that's why it's important to do your research and find what is the best thing for you and for your goals. Supplements are something that will for me, they're completely mandatory for my clients because I know what they're going to do. They're going to help accelerate the results. I think that they should not be used to replace good nutrition. They can't be used as a shortcut. It has to be the right nutrition program, the right exercise program, and the right supplementation program to get the results that you want. If one of those things is missing, you're just not going to get there. I would recommend a microfiltered, cold process, hormone-free, way-prosing isolate. I would recommend a pre-workout supplement that does not have stimulants in it, but is instead loaded with a ton of V-vitamin's ulcerates, citrillion, L-organine, and L-Ornafine, L-Carnitine. All of those things make up a great pre-workout stack. The last one is not necessarily a supplement. I would find one food product that is healthy, that is low and sugar, that you can use as a snack, that you can use as a meal replacement, that you enjoy eating. A lot of companies are coming out with pancake mixes and these sorts of things, that becomes an integral part of your nutrition program. It's allowing you at least to eat something you love to eat without feeling deprived. Keep going to bodybuilding.com. We're going to get you the tools, the weapons, the content, the truth that you need to make that change. All we're going to do everything together is going to be fun.