I'm sponsored athlete for Adidas. I'm a celebrity trainer. My clients include people like Bradley Cooper, Kate Hudson, P-Ditty, and some of the world's biggest professional athletes. I'm a CEO and founder of Clutch Body Shops. My mission is to change the way you think about your body and what is possible. I'm Ashley Conrad. The belief behind the Clutch system is really just to hold there's a few different things. One is that clients are never resting. They're just never resting. So as opposed to programs where you go and you do set you rest 45 seconds at for me is out the window. Whether I'm having to shred somebody down or build muscle, so I've had clients come to me and they need to get ready to plan action, start in a movie. My methodology is completely counter to what most people would do. They're moving the whole time, which is the only way I'm able to get their body to build muscle and burn fat simultaneously. It's also for me a situation where I want to get the most out of them in the shortest period of time. Whereas a lot of programs will take an hour and a half of the gym, a lot of times clients from your early work mouth 30 minutes. Because for those 30 minutes, their body is at maximal, VL2 levels. After 30 minutes are done, they can't do anything. So really it's about time management and it's about the way that I structure different exercises together. When I was training to be an athlete, I didn't use any equipment and they were the hardest workout I ever did was just with my own body weight. When I became a trainer, I thought, you know what? I want to train people like athletes. And with that being said, I can use anything. I can use a boxing bag. I can use a medicine ball. I can use one set of dumbbells. Anything that has any sort of weight to it and a body is enough equipment to complete any workout that I've ever created for client. My theory behind that is if you can't move your own body, you have no business. You have to move weights. If you watch any person, most people have them just hold their hands above their head. They can't even hold their hands above their head for more than two minutes. So for me, having somebody go into a gym and doing crazy shoulder presses, which is just going to continue to shorten the muscles that are prohibiting them from being able to hold their hands straight above their head, doesn't make any sort of sense. So I like to build, I think of it as almost like building a house. And I think many times people go into a gym setting, they have no idea where the imbalances of their body are. They have no idea where the weak parts are. We point rather. And then they go in and they start throwing around all these heavy weights while they're just perpetuating the problem. So for me, it's really about identifying those weak spots and then using your own body to correct those spots. And for me, I can build muscle on somebody without equipment or I can go into a gym and use heavy weights if necessary, but I can honestly say in almost all cases every client I've ever transformed for a movie, I've never had to step foot in a gym. Every program I build for somebody is actually completely custom, but it follows a certain protocol. The first thing I look at is actually not somebody's body. The first thing I look at is what their lifestyle is. And the reason I look at that is because if they need, if I need to take them from point A to point B in a short period of time, I want to know immediately what their hormonal balances are their body. So if they tell me, for example, I just came off of a movie who were shooting nights. I have been really exhausted. I've been feeling exhausted all day. And I've been working out two hours a day trying to get my body in shape. To me that's that screams, okay, this person probably has a adrenal fatigue. Their cortisol levels are probably all over the map, which is then going to suppress their growth hormone into testosterone levels, which is going to make my job much more difficult. So the first thing I want to look at is what's going on inside this person's body. Because if I can fix that first, then the physicality of what we're about to do is going to, it's going to be accelerated. The results are going to come a lot faster rather than saying, okay, I need to build out your shoulders and then I need to take your waist down. Okay, let's do this. Our bodies are designed to survive. So if you've been putting it under an immense amount of stress, and then you go in and throw in these exhausting workouts on top of that, a lot of times it will work against you. That's why a lot of times I'll have clients that will come to me and they'll say, I'm working out two hours a day. This is my diet and most of the time they're not eating enough. And I literally can't lose weight, I'm gaining weight. Well, that's because your body is your action working against your own body right now. So the first thing I do is look at what their lifestyle is. Then I go in and I design the nutrition plan and the supplement plan. Because without the nutrition and the supplement plan, the exercise doesn't really matter. Right? And then based on that, how long we have, I'll go in and design the workout portion of the program. The first thing that has to happen, any time you want to dramatically transform somebody's body in a short period of time safely, is you have to remove the stumbling blocks. And what the stumbling blocks are are the toxins that are slowing the metabolism down. So this is something that I think is one of the most overlooked areas of fitness. If you look at how the body actually works and the liver being kind of a garbage man of the body. So the first thing I do is put them on just a couple of detox fine supplements. So the first thing I do is put them on just a couple of detox fine supplements. And along with a mandatory gallon of water a day, most people would say in a program is extremely important because water is going to help flush everything out. But the other things I do are having them add about two lemons to their water a day, which is a natural diuretic and a natural cleanser. So instead of having somebody take a diuretic that's going to dry everything out, I'm going to use something that's going to naturally cleanse out the organs of the body as well. And then next step of that is dealing with their lifestyle. So I think that whether you're a celebrity or a business person, professional athlete, everybody today is just pulled all over the place. Like we never actually take time to just sit and be still. After the initial detox and cleansing, things are moving faster. The metabolism is moving faster. You've gotten rid of a lot of the initial water weight. Now a lot of times people say, you're it's impossible to lose 10 pounds in 10 days. That's true. 10 pounds of fat in 10 days can be impossible to lose. But what I have found in my experiences when people are eliminating toxins, things that are like stuck in your stomach, things that your body has just held onto when you release all of that from the body. The way the people lose, it doesn't come back. Because that weight would be held for a reason. So cleansing is step one. Step two then is then you get into the intensive part of working out. Back when I was at USC, we started doing all this really heavy power lifting, right? Which they said was going to help us with sport, whatever. So there I am like hand cleaning and squatting, like 285 pounds and bench pressing 190. And I remember going through this whole four week training program, we had to go out to the track and going into USC, I was like a freak of nature athlete. You put me on a track, I was fast, I was agile, I could run for two hours at a time, you could not exhaust me. So I go through this whole camp of all this heavy lifting and we go out to the track and we had to run 400 yards. And I remember about being about 200 yards in and thinking, I can't move and I'm out of breath. I had put on so much muscle and my body looked so strong. And if you took me in the weight room, I was strong. But I couldn't even run around the track. And so knowing that feeling, then going into training clients, the most important thing for me is not just to make them look a certain way, but to actually make them be legitimately almost feel like a deadly weapon. Because that's that psychological aspect that's so important. It's one thing to look, ripped and big and all of that. But if you can't actually use it, if you could get your butt kicked by somebody like me with one pike. Ninja Kick to the leg, because you can't actually move. It doesn't make any sense to me. And so in my training, I've trained people who are fitness models or their bodybuilding athletes and I'll go through some of my training workouts with them. And like three minutes in, they can't even lift a pair of three-pound dumbbells. And to me that says, okay, we have to kind of evolve things in a way that makes sense for the body. Because in that there's so much power. There is so much power in not just looking a certain way, but knowing that you're powerful and that you can move and that you can run and that you can jump and you can punch. So often I see these overbuilt bodies and they can't even get their arm all the way out to there. So it's like, okay, you're going to have all this muscle, but if you get into a bar fight, what are you going to do? Nothing? You know, so when working with somebody like Bradley Cooper for 18, the most important thing to me wasn't just to build his body out. But with all my clients, it's also taken through a psychological transformation where they are the strongest that they have ever been. And that comes with being able to move and being connected to your own body and being able to move. So keep going to bodybuilding.com. We're going to get you the tools, the weapons, the content, the truth that you need to make that change. And we're going to do everything together. It's going to be fun.