Today's leg workout is going to be focused on gaining some strength. We're going to be doing three sets and ten reps of the following. Reverse lunges with back squats. Moving into a superset of bulgarians, split squats, and plié dumbbell squats. And the last superset is cable kick backs paired with cable lunged rows. This is a strength-building workout and it's really important that you try to push yourself and lift heavier weight than what you're comfortable with. This leg workout should take you about 45 minutes, so times waistin, let's get started. With the first superset, we will be doing reverse lunges paired with the back squats. With the reverse lunges, you're going to start by loading a bar just like you would for your back squat. Standing feet together, you're going to step one leg back and lunge down all the way until your knee almost touches the floor. You're going to press straight up through your front heel, bringing your back foot forward, standing into an upright position. I recommend that you stay on one side until all reps are completed for that side and then switching to the other side. And without wrecking your weight, I want you to move right into the back squats. Your feet will be a little bit wider than shoulder width apart. You're going to squat down, keeping your chest up, your shoulders back, and your core engaged through the entire lift. For your second superset, we will be doing the Bulgarians' foot squats with the pli-a squat. Again, we're doing three sets and anywhere from six to ten reps. And keep in mind, again, I want you to try to go a little bit heavier than what you're comfortable with. Putting the weight on your shoulders, you're going to step back, elevating your foot onto the bench behind you, placing your shoelaces on the top of the bench and lunging down, putting all your weight into that front extended foot, pushing up through your heels, really making sure you're contracting your glutes and your quads with every press up. After completing all the reps on your one leg, then you're going to transition into the other side. It's really important that you make sure your stability and your balance is in check, keeping your core tight the entire time. Moving right into the pli-a dumbbell squats, you're going to grab the dumbbell using both hands and your feet are going to be much wider than shoulder width apart. Your toes will be pointed out and your heels and toes both stay flat on the floor, the entire lift. You're going to squat down, grabbing the dumbbell and fully extend, really squeezing your glutes and your legs just like elevator doors closing. Moving into our third and final superset, we will be doing cable kickbacks paired with cable lunge rows. For the cable kickback, she will need at least one ankle cuff. You're going to begin by standing on one leg and the opposite leg that is attached to the cable machine, you're going to extend back squeezing your glutes through the lift. As soon as she have completed all the reps on one side, switch to the other side. I really like this exercise and in fact it's one of my favorites because it really isolates your glute muscles and you get three reps into it and you're already going to feel the burn so you know it's working. Again, make sure that you're lifting with heavier weight. For the cable lunge rows, you're going to start by taking three steps away from the cable machine. So there's tension in the rope. Stepping into a lunge position, the foot forward should be the opposite one of the hands holding the cable machine. You're going to go down into a lunge and as you stand up, you're going to perform a cable row. I know this is a leg workout and although we're doing a row, you're really not going to be able to feel the road that much in your back but it's providing tension for whenever you go down into your lunge. I would recommend incorporating this training into your split at least once a week. The full breakdown of this workout is provided on the page below at bodybuilding.com. If you would like more information about me or have questions, you can find me on my body space at Ashley Horner or you can find me on my website at www.ashlchonard.co. And for more free workouts, articles and training videos, just like this, check out bodybuilding.com. Ashley Logue's content, take one. Do you guys ever do like cutouts where you're like take like this stupid part out? She, I just had like a brain fart. Cable and trolls. Rose. Your legs work hard. Yeah. What's that? No, no, no, no, no, no. Let's just take a win or do it. For everyone. Hallelujah. It was nice to see you. Bye.