I'm sponsored athlete for Adidas. I'm a celebrity trainer. My clients include people like Bradley Cooper, Kate Hudson, P.D.D. and some of the world's biggest professional athletes. I'm the CEO and founder of Clutch BodyShops. I'm mission is to change the way you think about your body and what is possible. I'm Ashley Conrad. What is 21-day program? It's five days a week. So day one, you're doing full body circuit. Day two, you're doing cardio. Day three is a resting and then you just repeat that cycle. But the program continues to build because the first day you're going through chest, there's one exercise, then you swap to leg exercise. But the second week, you're super setting. By the third week, you're doing three different super sets of each body part and you're going through the entire circuit six times. So the program continues to evolve. Your body is continuously guessing. So your fat stores are having to be utilized by the body to keep up with the demands that your place and upon yourself. It helps you burn fat. It helps build lean muscle and it builds a ton of strength as well. So with regards to the cardio side of things, it's built very similarly to the full body workouts where you're continuing to build upon what you did the last workout. The cardio workout it is interval training. But your intervals of maximum output are getting longer in your rest period. You're going to shorter as the program continues to progress. Every day that you work out on this program is going to be difficult and it's supposed to be. Typically on any given day, the circuit, there's about 12. I mean, there can be anywhere from 12 to 20 different exercises that you're going to go through. So on how many exercises there are, you're going to go through the entire circuit three to six times. So as you get towards the end, the number of times you go through the circuit is going to increase as well as the number of exercises. A typical workout is going to last anywhere between 45 minutes to an hour. And then what I like to do is I like to throw in something like my abs circuit at the end of it and just do some core work. Core is incorporated into the into the full body workout. But if I really want to bring strength and definition into that area, I like to kind of focus on it at the end of the workouts. The program is 21 days. Well, first and foremost, yes. There's so many times early on in my career. I was getting calls from agents and studios and saying, we need to get this person ready and we've got three weeks. And that was the normal amount of time I had to get somebody ready for project. This is my tried and true program that I go to every single time. The second part of it is all of my programs. I like to set things up in pockets of just a couple of weeks because what that does is when even for myself, psychologically, I go into a situation I know I've got three months. I'm not going to be as focused. But if I know I've got two weeks or three weeks and I can get the results that I want, I'm going to go at that as hard. I'm going to give 100% to it. This is a very short period of time. What I find is after people go through this initial program, the results that they get motivate them to continue on because they're like, I was able to create this amount of change in this short period of time. I can't even imagine what would happen if I actually stuck to something for two or three months. And that is really psychologically is huge for people. The type of exercise that you're going to be doing with this program are everything from plyometric clap pushups to jumping lunges, to medicine ball jumping jacks, all things that incorporate body weight and very minimal equipment. On the cardio side, you really have a choice. You can do this workout on a treadmill. You can do it outside. You can do it on a bike. I mean, you really, that's a beauty of this program as you can do this program anywhere. There's really no excuses with this program. So this program is really designed to get in there and get out of there and get the results that you need because your body is being pushed to its absolute limits. So keep going to bodybuilding.com. We're going to get you the tools, the weapons, the content, the truth that you need to make that change. And we're going to do everything together. It's going to be fun.