Welcome to Bodybuilding.com's Ask The Pro Panel. My name is Chris Ellary. I have the distinct honor and pleasure of hosting two fantastic experts here today. I'm joined by Dr. Jick Wilson, who's a PhD in skeletal muscle physiology. As well as Dr. Rob Wildman, who's a PhD nutritionist. I think both of whom are also certified strength and conditioning specialists. We're going to cover a wide range of topics today. We're going to talk about nutrition, supplementation, timing. Basically anything under the sun that we can cover in about 30 minutes. So it should be a great conversation. I know that was a brief intro. So if you want to just add a little bit to it and kind of talk a little bit about where you guys live in the world of fitness, that would be awesome. My lives at University of Tampa. So our specialty is basically skeletal muscle. How do you gain muscle tissue? How do you lose fat? You know, can you do it at the same time? And the latest in supplementation and also training variables that go along with that. So that's kind of like our it's a 24-7 thing. Best job in the world. Best job in the world. Best job in the world. Next to my job. Best job. Forgive me. Forgive me. So I'm based in Dallas, Texas and I'm chief science officer for diamond-ties nutrition. So I have the pleasure of designing products that people can use and get benefit from. So it's really exciting for me. Also, I have the pleasure of working with researchers like Dr. Jacob Wilson at University of Tampa to prove out that the products actually do what they say they do. Absolutely. That's phenomenal. Well, since we're kind of already just as to segue from the supplements, let's just kick start it and go right into that room. There's a lot of talk and numerous questions from our users about specific protein intake. And I think people often target and talk about, you know, a specific number of grams per pound, like one gram per pound to body weight every day. Is that the most useful way to think about it in terms of building muscle or is it better to think about a minimum maximum range? Or what are your guys thoughts on the ideal protein intake? Well, that's a real interesting topic. Basically, I think if you look at the original research on protein, what they were looking at is what happens, what happens over 24-hour period. But really, if you look at protein balance, like protein synthesis, protein breakdown, it's regulated on a per meal basis. So what I always recommend is how much protein do you get in a single meal? And then how many meals should you have in a day? And we know it's probably anywhere from depending on the quality if you have weight protein, you might need a little 20 grams. You know, if you have chicken, you might need 30 to 40 grams of protein in that meal. And then, you know, you're going to have that fairly frequently, probably every three to four hours. And that will determine your total protein intake today. Because you got look at typical Americans. They wake up in the morning. They'll have like a bagel or whatever. And then at night, it's full-pull, which I'm pumped up this coming out. And they'll have, you know, a couple of stakes. So most of the proteins with a dinner, but a bodybuilder might spread that out. Same amount of protein, the bodybuilder is getting more effective dosing. So, yes, is that the best way to think about muscle proteins synthesis in terms of peaking it every few hours? Is that kind of the intent with that three to four-hour meal timing? I think so, yeah. Okay, so you're sort of looking for the right amount over the course of the day, it's specific time. That's right. And so if you look at the number of meals per day, if you go from five meals a day and you go down to three meals a day, that means that you need more at those three meals per day. Plus, at the same time, then you just add it up. So, you know, what Dr. Wilson was saying, I mean, it's very easy for somebody to get well and excessive 100 grams of protein. And this is really just focusing on muscle, you know, and you're getting the maximum benefit out of a training session or, you know, a training lifestyle. But there's other benefits of protein as well that, you know, people would want to consider. There's an effect of a thermogenic effect. It's the most thermogenic nutrient. So, it's very strategic if you want to burn more calories throughout the day. It's the most satiating of the macronutrance. So, if you're looking, you know, if you're looking to sort of minimize and pull back your caloric intake because you are trying to either cut some weight or whatever, you need to bring your protein up, not only to meet your needs for muscle, but you got to go beyond muscle, meet your other needs as well. Is that why? Well, and so, let's talk about dosage for different weights. I think you kind of mentioned based on the source, say, 20 to 30 grams. But if I'm a 200 versus a 250 pound guy, you know, do I want to increase that? Or as soon as I turn on muscle proteins, synthesis with the right dose, you know, do I need to go over? Is there any benefits that adding more protein per meal? That's a great question. Well, I think Dr. Rob definitely brought some other benefits besides protein synthesis, like satiety, the thermic effect. And, you know, we're always thinking about protein synthesis, protein synthesis, but if you look, what about saying lean, you know, overall? You know, there's body fat issues as well. And one of the things that bodybuilders deal with all the time is, they die it down, they lose a bunch of body fat, and then most of them rebound, and that next month, and gain a ton of fat. Well, there's a recent study that came out out of Dr. Jolian Tonio's lab, where basically there is the overfed people on protein. I'm not saying that I recommend to me, but they gave like four grams per kilogram, four and a half grams per kilogram. It's like, you know, over two grams per pound, and they didn't gain any fat. So someone's coming out of a contest, it's hard to gain fat, eating more protein. So maybe if you've been in a calorie deficit for a long time, you raise your protein intake up to get your metabolism back up. You know, that is irrespective of the maximizing proteins of this is. Yeah. And certainly the timing of the next meal as well. So if this is, if you train in the afternoon, and this is your meal after, and you're not going to eat again until either right before bed or not at all, I mean, you definitely will gain greater benefit by having a higher protein intake at that meal. And we didn't even even begun to touch on like nighttime. Oh, yeah. And that, you know, 68 hours of sleep when, you know, most people aren't digesting and absorbing protein at all. I mean, how strategic do we need to be right before bed time? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's chat about that a little bit. I suppose the other end of the protein spectrum for muscle, not necessarily synthesis, but minimizing protein breakdown, especially overnight when yeah, you're kind of devoid of nutrients for that period of time. What is the right approach before bed? What's the ideal meal, I guess, you know, to sort of hopefully keep yourself anabolic or at least minimize that breakdown. So you're in a good position the next day to train again or, oh, you know, before you break your fast. Yeah. I think that where that you used is right to consider it more of like a meal and and to think about it along the same lines that you would think about other meals throughout the day. So you're going to want to hit a minimal protein intake level. You're going to want to drive looseen up to above two grams during that time. And because it's going to be a long stretch during the overnight period, I think where things will move to in the future is how do you potentiate that? You know, how do you extend it out? Is there time released options? You know, because it is a pretty significant period of time. And I don't know if we really understand that whole nighttime, you know, what's happening at night and how much protein we really do, break down over that period of 68 hours. But, you know, we did some back of the napkin mathematics on it and it came out around 10 to 15 grams for an average size individual like myself that you would lose over the course of it. It doesn't sound like a lot, but when you start, you know, adding it up over the course of a month, then it equates to about a pound of a protein that you would lose during sleep. So, you know, then you're thinking first thing in the morning and how important is that morning meal almost as soon as you get up and then what what should that look like as well? Exactly right. You know, the thing is we really have very little studies on actual, you know, protein balance throughout the night and stuff like or how to optimize nutrition throughout the night. But I can't tell you the studies that we do have tell us that you're gut and your metabolism functions at night like it would in the day. You know, I remember when I was in grad school, you know, like a lot of people just trying to put on mass, you wait until you know, maybe a protein shake, right? Well, maybe there's something to that. You know, we really, we haven't tested that, but that's one of the studies we're thinking about doing our lives. We're all simple. Just middle and night, just have guys chug a protein shake or a placebo. Right. You would have been very common practice. A lot of the bodybuilders that I worked with, you know, when I was faculty is that's exactly what they do. They said they're alarm clocked, hit the, you know, hit the button, knock it down and go right back to sleep. Yeah. So in terms of the composition of those meals when you're bookending your sleep, can we at least say, you know, different sources are better at those times like casing is more ideal before bed because of that slower lease and way we'd be ideal in the morning or is it too general to say that? There's like two schools at the IO say, you know, short-animate, no one's really. There's not a lot of studies putting them head to head before bed. Okay. That's what I said. Some kind of new recent research coming out on it, but not like a ton comparing the two going before bed. I mean, way protein is great for, you know, increasing protein's assist. The theory behind casing is that it's long lasting. You know, how that pans out in the middle and I don't know. But I think you have to apply like some of the other studies that were done putting different proteins head to head, whether it's way casing, soy, and then maybe other vegetable proteins and looking at the impact, you know, how quickly do you mean you know acid drives and do you get above a like a loose-eam threshold? So it would only seem like you would need, you know, an extended acting protein that would get, you know, that would definitely get you're loose-eamed up over a threshold level. So, you know, if you use casing, you might need to use more of it. If you use, if you use way, then you might want to blend way in casing to get it up and then let the casing carry it for a couple of hours. Yeah, and Dr. Rod makes a great point on this. If you look with casing, you know, you look at way, you give 20 grams of each. You know, casing is going to be down here, ways going to be up here, but casing's longer lasting. So maybe if you double the dose, maybe you have 40 grams or something like that, 30, 40 grams, it hits that threshold and it stays all the way for a long time. You know, one thing I will say about nighttime feeding and I want to emphasize this for all the, any athlete who's out there, any recreational athlete, they didn't have to, you know, be in a contest or things like that is the importance of sleep in general. So maybe the best thing for pre-bed is something that's going to enhance your sleep overall. So like we know for example, magnesium before bed, enhances sleep. You know, I was recommended maybe even their sleep monitoring systems that people can get to see how well are they sleeping. Black everything out before you go to bed, you know, like dark, completely black. You know, don't be, don't check yourself on 100 times in the middle of the night. You know, if you wake up in the middle of night, yeah, most people do at one point down the shape go back to bed, you know, but really trying to open an environment, your bed should be comfortable, but what happens is if you don't sleep, you become insulin resistant, you're hungry the next day. What you eat is has a greater probability of turning into fat. So what you do for bed can impact your nutrition and your metabolism the entire day and that can impact your training adaptations. And so that's all endocrinology is that hormonal because you're not getting the same hormonal response with a lack of sleep is that the endocrine is. Yeah, a lot of it could be and you become main hormone that gets impact a lot of this insulin, you become insulin resistant. And we all know that you don't want to be in some of this and have body compositions the goal. When you guys talked about loosens specifically and the importance of hitting a certain threshold or getting a certain amount to go past that threshold, so loosen one of the branch chain amino acids, I just kind of wanted to cover why is loosens so important? What makes it kind of, you know, why are you focusing on mass specifically? Go ahead. All right, so you know, here's the thing we have 20 amino acids, right, that make up a protein and for years scientists were trying to figure out is just protein or is there a certain, you know, aspects of the protein that are doing it. So this one scientist Dr. Garlic came out. He actually worked with my brother when he was doing his doctorate and what he did was he took all the amino acids and basically lined them up. And the only one that could simulate protein synthesis by itself was loosened. So that's one of the branch chain amino acids like the side chain branches. And so basically now we know protein quality like Dr. Robb said, it seems to be based on this loosened content. Like you can get the same amount of protein for months and if one's low quality and one is higher quality has more loosened, body composition will be so different, drastically different, just with this one amino acid. So you know, there seems to be sort of a threshold which Robb was talking about. Yeah, I mean the bottom line is muscle is just highly responsive, you know, I think of the tissue in the body that is most responsive to either stressors or nutritional balance or whatever it is. I mean it's out of post tissue and it's skeletal muscle. I mean skeletal muscle a lot of times it just reacts and based on the challenge it changes to get bigger stronger faster, more enduring whatever it is. It also responds to nutrients and nutrient intake because it has to. It has to be signal as to when food is coming into the body. So and, you know, loosened the highest content and loosened as in a protein is milk. So it makes sense that there's a signal in there that babies bodies received when they consumed milk. And this is across all mammals. So, you know, it makes sense that there is some type of signaling amino acid in there. That was found in milk that was part of our first food that is also important to us throughout our entire lifespan. And it's becoming even more important as we age as well because the signal for loosened and the impact that it has may actually be desensitized as we get older. So there's a lot of research going on in that area now and looking more specifically, loosened. How, you know, how aggressive should we be targeting it, do older individuals need more loosened to get that same trigger effect as maybe somebody who's young and sprite like Dr. Wilson here. But those of us on the other hand, who aren't looking through binoculars, they're kind of looking more through a magnifying glass that they're rest in their life. I mean, we're hyper aware of, you know, getting more loosened into our diet. Well, and so this may be slightly hypothetical, but knowing what you know now, given all the protein research, all the research on loosened, what would the ideal protein supplement label look like? What does it contain? Well, one thing that definitely contains pure protein. That's the only thing that everyone thinks that you get half because you can put a lot of stuff in there a sort of filler. So I was like, is this actual protein? And, you know, then look for the loosened content. Every serving should have two to three grams. I think those are the two the simplest things that I would recommend when looking on a label. When you mentioned pure protein, and I want to go too far into this topic, but, you know, there's been some press recently about amino spiking or protein spiking. So how do you sort of look beyond the label to figure out, you know, that my protein is actually 20 grams of weigh, and not necessarily 14 or 15 grams, with a lot of extra glycine or touring or something to make it look like it's 20 grams away. The doctor of the expert, and that's not much. You know, we just have to be detectives. You know, as consumers, we have to, you know, look at the product that we're buying and ask the basic questions. You know, if a product is $5 cheaper, $10 cheaper for like a, you know, a three pounder or a five pounder, why is that? It's just on discount or is there, you know, is it formulated less expensively? One of the ways you can formulate a product less expensively and still hit, you know, a protein level on your nutrition facts panel is by adding other amino acids or other factors like creatinine, derived from amino acids that has nitrogen in it. So really, you just have to look at the ingredients that are on the back, and as Dr. Wilson said, if it just says, you know, like weigh protein or soy protein or whatever protein you're targeting, and then it goes into things like flavors and sweeteners, you're golden. But when you begin to see, you know, the list just sort of broadening out, you begin to see things like creatinine or branch, not branching, but creatinine or glutamine or glycine or tarring, then you have to ask some questions, you know, how much is in there and how much of the protein claim is counting for that. So, you know, recently there's been some good guidance laid out by CRN and OPA for how branch should be labeling protein on their package. And they've also submitted those recommendations to the FDA to help change how products are labeled in the future. I think it's really going to help consumers and, you know, to bi-exactly what they're buying. When you buy a protein supplement or you buy a protein product you are targeting protein. I mean, that's what you want. Right. Exactly. But Dr. Wilson's right. I think the best barometer is specific call out to loosing content because nobody's going to add loosing to spike it. Because loosing is more expensive than the protein that's in there. So, if it calls out two grams of loosing or two point five grams of loosing, that's really helpful information. And that that should be the barometer at which somebody looks at this. And almost determines the value of that protein. Yeah. Is that right? Well, let's dive into your shaker bottles for a second. Just kind of take me through a day in the life of each of your shaker bottles. What's in your shaker bottle throughout the day at specific times? Yeah. Okay. Well, I'm a scientist. So, like, I'm always putting a lot in the shaker bottle. So, people are not aware of yet. But I would say obviously, you know, I'm a big fan of weight protein. So, I have weight protein definitely my shaker bottle. I have a lot of different supplements. You know, people who know me know I have HMB MSNK bottle. You know, and other metabolites of loosing. I will put in there. Creatine, we were talking earlier Dr. Robin, I should be, honestly, I think it should be a nutrient. That's somebody different impacts. Everyone just thinks muscle. So many areas, things besides that actually going there. And then I have things that enhance my cognitive function. So, you know, certain phospholipids, which we talked about later, like phosphatidal serene, helps cognitive function, helps buffer stress. And, at their phospholipids as well, that I'm looking into like phosphatitic acid. And so, before bed, my shaker bottle has those sleep aids as well, like magnesium, you know, and things like that. So, that's kind of like, what I usually have in my shaker bottle any given time. That's great. Yeah. So, my kids, they kid around with me, and, you know, they, they can hear that sound several times over the quick. Like, like, there's that music again. Yeah. So, I mean, I'd like to have it a holster because I'm like, my shaker five to six times a day easily. So, usually in the morning, it's, it's a pre-workout. And in that pre-workout, I'll have things like pomegranate extract, beetroot extract, because I want to polyphenols and some nitrates, a caffeine source in there, maybe some natural tea sources in there. I think that's fantastic. Plus, to create it, and I'll have in there, in some branch-chain amino acids, usually, you know, three to five grams of branch-chain amino acids, I'll have in there as well. And to shake that up, before I go to the gym. And, you know, for me, most importantly, you know, I just want to dial in, concentrate, focus. I want the, the amino support, you know, going in, plus I want, you know, to sort of get that pre-circulation going that, that the pomegranate, the beetroot seem to do so well. Very, very exciting area of sport nutrition moving forward is, you know, pomegranate and beetroot. Exciting stuff. After training, usually it's protein-shake, way protein. I may add a little extra, create tendon there as well. Pretty simple at that point, and then I'm off to a meal about, you know, an hour, hour and a half later. So, usually, for me, that's a bridge, the post-workout period, just get my loosey in, you know, sort of spike it out, and then move into my meal after that. And then, throughout the day, what's really important for me is, really, just, you know, as I consume beverages, I want to maximize the value of the beverages throughout the day. So, I'll use, you know, branch-chain amino acids, combination of, you know, different products that will have branch-chain amino acids a little bit of citrline tarine. I like to get tarine throughout the day. I think there's some really nice data on the combination of, of, of, of tarine and branch-chain amino acids throughout the day, during work-out, and then throughout the day, to help in the recovery process and reduce soreness for, you know, somebody like me, you know, making my day more comfortable, but being able to train hard is everything. You know, I just, I, I mown in a grown every time I get up now. So, if I can minimize that, and I can get back into the gym as quickly as possible and have, you know, a great workout that's really, really important to me. So, the shaker cup is, is always active. That's a good thing Dr. Rob Wright was the branch-chain amino acids, you know, like, we travel all the time, you know, and it's, I love being home, but it just didn't happen as much. And when you're on the road, you might only be able to get three meals, you know, breakfast lunch dinner. So, what research has shown, like, my brother, Dr. Gabe Wilson, Dr. Doug Patting Jones, has shown us that, if you have branch-chain amino acids between your meals, you basically simulate so much more protein synthesis throughout the day. It's also another way to be calorie efficient. You know, you can trigger the same response of muscle growth with less calories, maybe 30 calories or something like that with the branch-chain amino acids. So, I'll typically well, at least one or two, and if I'm on the road three times, have branch-chain amino acids between my meals. You have five to ten grams or... Yeah, about that, as long as I have, usually it's, you know, the two to one ratio, the loosing to isolosing, just because that's the composition of muscle, and that's what all the research has been done. So, talking about specific applications for BCWA's versus way, you kind of talked a little bit about using BCWA's to bridge meals. Would way have the same effect in your just using BCWA's, because it's more calorie efficient, or is one better than another, in that sense? Well, I think it just, I mean, you know, we've talked a lot about, you know, looking at your total day, you know, we talked about sleep, or what, and, you know, how much you should have a different meal. So, I really just think it's a matter of serving your entire day, and whether or not you want that extra protein in there, or do you just want to kind of raise your, your branch-chain levels, and you're blood a little bit more. You may have already had a big meal like two hours prior, and, you know, you got another one coming. So, maybe another way, shake, may not make the most sense at that point, maybe just the, you know, the bridge BCAA's, and that's where, you know, a lot of my focuses a lot of times when, you know, when I hit the shaker with the BCAA's, and, you know, in the afternoon and then the early evening. Yeah, like the cool, I guess, not so cool things, but three hours after you eat a meal, you kind of stop synthesizing proteins, right? You know, and, but so, but the thing is you have all these amino acids in your blood left over from the meal. So, all you need is the signal. You've got to turn the signal on, and that's where branch-chain amino acids are. So, if you had way, you're just kind of adding to the pool, don't be wrong. That would turn the signal on as well, but if you already have the amino acids, when I just trigger proteins in this instance, you already have the building blocks in your blood. Gotcha, great point. Yeah. Well, and I don't want to go in. So, people with intermittent fasting talk a lot about, you know, fasted autophagy, right? Like using what you've already gotten your body. But it seems like it's kind of an undiscus subject when it comes intermittent fasting. So, it's interesting to hear you bring up using what you've already got, right? So, that's kind of a neat point. Random tangent. Yeah. You talk briefly about a pre-imposed workout shake, and the composition of those shakes. For a long time, it feels like the antibiotic window, this, you know, postwork out, time 15 to 45 minutes postwork out was the thing for supplement manufacturers. But is there still that same emphasis, or is there, you know, a more important shake for your postwork out? What's kind of the strategy there? Well, this is probably one of the more controversial topics that are out there. I'll tell you that for sure. There's actually only been really two studies looking at this, and one of them probably the highest and one was done by Dr. Paul Kreb. And basically what Paul Kreb did was he gave protein and treating the foreshadden after exercise, or he gave it with breakfast and dinner. And the group that had it before and after exercise had larger muscle fibers, larger muscles using MRI. And so, this was gold standard, published in the top journal in our field. Based on that, I would say, certainly can't hurt, you know, having, you know, but one of the things that Dr. Robin, I've talked about is that, you know, if you wake up and more, you have a big breakfast, and then you're going to train like an hour and a half later, that was your pre-workout meal. You don't necessarily go, oh, I got a down a shake because of the Paul Kreb said, you already have amino acids in your blood at that point. So that's a timing issue, you know? But if you wake up cold-fasted, you know, like, you know, he's training in the morning, then that pre-workout is going to be huge because you probably should have nutrients. One thing we do know is that if you train on an empty stomach without nutrients, then you will actually not optimize protein metabolism. In fact, you'll be in negative protein balance. It means you're losing muscle until you get nutrients. So, a lot of people will go, oh, the window lasts for 24 hours, yeah, but it fades. And you know, let's say it was the same amount for 24 hours. Why not take advantage of every minute? That's always my thought. So, like, oh, I could wait three hours because at last, you know, 24 hours. Okay, but why are you not taking advantage of the street hours? You know? That's my thought. I think the right way to look at is, is there sort of a post-workout period where the muscle is primed to optimize muscle protein synthesis and have an impact of nutrition. And the answer is clearly yes. So, is there potential for nutrient timing? Absolutely. And then Dr. Wilson makes a point that if you had a big meal before you train, you know, you still have the residual effect of that meal for a few hours afterwards. So, you know, do you have to run and knock down a quick shake immediately after probably not, but it wouldn't hurt. And you should be thinking about your next protein-dense meal, you know, soon after you train anyway because that would be part of your normal day anyway. So, you know, I think nutrient timing is very, very real, but the, you know, actually putting the food in there where the supplement in there really depends on what your day looks like. Yeah. You know, so one of my top guys in my lab Ryan Lairy is doing a lot of research on what to eat in the morning, you know, what to eat for breakfast, what to eat before your work out. And there's, he pointed out a recent study to me as real cool. You know, a lot of times like, especially college students, you know, I'm the University of Tampa, so, um, I'm going out tonight, I'm going to party right? And so, they'll go in and they'll train, like, as hard as they can. It's like, oh, I can go eat whatever I want, drink whatever I want. Well, there's a recent study where they basically had people eat kind of like that, but they did it before they trained or after they trained. And the ones that did it before they trained after several weeks had, like, half the body fat, you know, as their body fat was much lower, you know. So, um, my point is it seems that having a lot of your nutrients before you train can prevent negative things in fat gain, you know, um, and I think so that's important. That's kind of a nutrient timing, you know? And that's because you're utilizing that fuel when you train. Yeah, yeah, possibly that, you know, um, maybe training just turns on signals that prevents you from storing a lot of that. Um, whereas maybe when you're in recovery mode, you're more prone to store certain nutrients, you know, we're really trying to look further into this. So, kind of talking about, you know, you mentioned a lot of studies that kind of bridges the gap to a topic I'd love to chat about for a little bit. And that sort of science versus bro science, um, and one being, you know, a specific measurable stuff in the lab with the desired outcome. And the other being doesn't have to be derogatory. A lot of people say bro science, and, you know, they're kind of demeaning it. But there's probably a lot of value in what guys are figuring out and trying in the gym. Um, so I guess just broadly to start, you know, what's your thoughts on the topic itself kind of on that conversation? Well, you know, I'll tell you what, um, it's real interesting, you know, we were talking about this earlier, but basically, traditionally with scientists, you have the guy with glasses, the lab coat, who's never been in the gym. Like, doesn't know what a weight looks like. And there's studying protein synthesis, right? So you have this guy over here and basically like, oh, if I give, if I tube feed this or give a cell this, this happens, right? And you have the bro over here and they're like, what, what did you just say, right? So how is that relevant to me, this molecular pathway? So what Dr. Robin I was trying to do is say, hey, wait, what is this guy interested in? What, you know, what is a practical question? He has some practical questions. He's living in the gym, day in and day out, maybe two times a day. Maybe train six, seven days a week. You know, giving everything here, here she has, we want to find out what are those questions they need to be answered. So we're trying to do as bridge to gap between science and application. We actually want to know what are they interested in, what, what, what are they going through? It's important to know like, hey, like, even if it's somewhat bro science, like, hey, bro, like, I'm telling you, this works. Like, I'm telling you, dude, this works. Well, we actually picked that up. We listened to go, maybe that could be true. Let's test it. Sometimes it works. Sometimes it doesn't. So that's my take on it. Yeah. In a lot of times, I think the, the bro science can lead the laboratory science. And I think this is probably the case with, with, like, nocturnal nutrition or the idea of, I mean, guys have been doing this, guys. And girls have been doing this for decades now, you know, setting the alarm clock and knocking down protein in the middle of the night. You know, they, they look at an opportunity yet, you know, and they see what's happening during the night. And they're like, how can I reverse that? You know, how can I address that? Well, what is the research say? There is none. There's no research in that area. So they go ahead and they're just going to do it. They're not going to wait. So, you know, that's an example of, you know, where sort of that, what's happening in the real world eventually is driving, you know, the laboratory studies that, you know, Dr. Wilson is doing and other labs are now doing. And I think that, you know, this is one of those really, really fun times where there's more practical research happening. And I think there's more interaction between industry and universities, more now than ever before, usually, in the past, it's been more separated. You know, coming from coming from an academic background, industry was looked upon, you know, in a completely different way than it is today. Today is, you know, federal funding kind of tightens up for research grants. Industry becomes more of a driver for a lot of research programs. In sport nutrition, there is more dollars going into universities to test out some of these more practical applications and finished products. Because I think that's what we really need to know is, you know, the claims that are made on packages, is there actual research on the finished product? Which could be a blend of ingredients, the said ones. That's right. That's right. I mean, it's just incredibly important. And I think, you know, now we're just seeing more and more research on finished products that include multiple ingredients, that, you know, it's really helpful to consumers to make smart decisions. 100% yeah. So they really sort of are both essential in that they might fuel and not know. I think so. I think they're they're melding. 100% and I, you know, like a lot of where I came from, scientists would look down like, they're just training. They don't know what they're talking about. No they do. And you know, I mean, they've actually been going through this a long time. They're saying some valid stuff. You just need to pick up on it and test it out. You know, some of, I can name probably 100 things off top of my head that was considered gross science. Now we know, oh, that's the mechanism people grow. Like, look Arnold talked about, oh, you know, the pump. Right. And a scientist 10 years ago would laugh at that. Oh, yeah. Ah, whatever. Now we think that's one of the three major mechanisms that makes you grow. And actually getting a huge pump. And actually it's something that Dr. Robin, I already doing some research on as seen what happens if you maximize the pump will that increase. It maximize protein synthesis. You know, we know if you take cells and actually cause them to swell. They stimulate protein synthesis right there and every cell type including muscle. So, you know, I definitely think it's something that we, we as scientists have to consider. And I would say that to the person that Jim, you know, trying interact with us as much as possible. And let's feed off each other. I do kind of want to talk a little bit about new research because we kind of gone into that territory a little. But you brought up, you know, mechanisms of muscle growth. Yeah. And the pump or, you know, metabolic stress. You kind of want to cover the other two and sort of their ingium application for somebody looking to build muscle how they would apply those. Yeah, sure. So, we have obviously the pump, like, says Dr. Robin, a lot of research on that right now. So, that's going to be, you know, higher repetition, short-resperated lengths. Just trying to drive fluid into this cell could be hydration status. You know, the other mechanism is going to be like metabolic stress. You know, people talk about, they fill that pain. You know, when they're doing supersets, giant sets, that seems like lactic acid and a lot of other things besides lactic acid. A lot of what we call metabolites that we know actually trigger growth. One of my friends, Dr. David Gunderman, took cells, muscle cells, put lactic acid on them, and it's simulated protein synthesis. So, we know the more you get in there, the better it goes. Then the last thing, which you kind of say is one or two different mechanisms is mechanical stress, which leads to muscle damage. And inflammation. You know, you can say, well, are all of three of those things. Mechanisms, you know, the actual mechanical stress you have on the muscle, the damage you have in your muscle, the inflammation, are they three separate? Does the mechanical stress lead to the other two? You know, we're not sure, but we know those are important for growth. And so, that means that you basically need to go in the gym and let's heavy your weights. That's one thing, yeah. You know, one thing, William Kramer, one of the top-strength conditioning scientists in the world, said he's like, look, you know, I even tell my daughter this, you need to squat heavy. So, that's awesome. So, you know, the thing, it's true though, right? So, you know, lifting heavier weights is going to be a stimulus. Training to the pump is going to be a stimulus, building up metabolic stress is going to be a stimulus for growth and you need to factor all those in. Yeah, I think if we know anything now, we know that muscle is highly complex. And there's numerous factors which trigger internal signals, which causes the muscle to change in the direction in which it's being challenged. So, muscle is just highly responsive that way. If you train, you know, high intensity aerobic, then a lot of the protein senses that occurs will become, you know, in the area of more aerobic enzyme systems. And so, if we're to make you better at that, if you train high intensity, you know, resistance training, then you gain, you know, gain proteins, that will help you get stronger, more powerful and bigger. So, it doesn't, it actually doesn't make sense for muscle to miss an opportunity to see some type of metabolite or to register some type of event or mechanical damage or whatever, not register it and not feed it into the processes that will help it adapt over time. So, I mean, this is great. It's almost like a buckshot approach, all these different factors feeding in and, you know, helping drive muscle in the direction. One hundred percent, and you know, one of the things like I really want to emphasize, you're talking about like nutrition and sport nutrition, you talk about training. A lot of athletes will view them almost as separate entities, but they interact with each other. You know, so, oh, I got to say hydrate it. Well, if you're a bodybuilder, why, you're maybe it enhances that pump, that self-swalling. So, you want to think, why am I doing this, and how does it interact with training? All the time you can't separate it to someone might go, oh, this supplement doesn't do anything for me. It doesn't work. I've tried it. And then you look at their trained split, and it's kind of pandy. So, you know, it's like, you know, it's not causing enough damage to warrant the use of it. Exactly. Yeah. There's a recovery aid. You're not training hard. They are for don't expect it to work. Right. So, you know, that's always the thing. You've got to emphasize there's just interaction between the two. Well, I think we've got time for probably one more question. I think we might be a little over, but I do just since you're kind of both on the bleeding edge of research, just want to ask, what are you most excited about sort of in the research world, whether it's, you know, a supplement study or something more directly with training or nutrition? Oh, wow. That's a, we're excited about a lot of things. I'm going to try in there this one day. Top three of it. Yeah. Nutrient programming. Well, we think is that basically you can programming metabolism when you wake up in the morning. And it's very controversial because people nutrition is very controversial in general. I talk about training like, oh, yeah, that's it. That's awesome. You talk about nutrition, and it's different than what someone's been thinking. It's like, oh my god. No, that's false. Religious information. I know. It's, yeah, nutrition is like religion. So, the thing to think about those is that what you eat for breakfast, that's programming metabolism the rest of the day. And so, actually, you lose 15 grams of protein overnight. You know, I know Dr. Robbs is where you wake up in the morning. You should optimize protein intake. But what are the most people doing in the morning? They wake up. They have a ton of carbohydrates, right? Because you need energy. You've drained it overnight. Well, in actuality, if you're lifting weights, you're muscle glycogen, your muscle carbs stores are intact. You're levers somewhat depleted, but your muscles kind of intact. So, what we found is what we've been testing in our lab. Ryan Lauer has been doing a lot of work in my lab on this. It's basically wake up in the morning. You have a lower carb, higher fat breakfast, things like medium-change or glycerides, eggs, things like that. And the rest of the day, you will use more fat as fuel irrespective of how many carbohydrates you have throughout the whole day. So, basically, people are like, oh, you know, it doesn't matter. As long as you hit a certain macronutrient range, it doesn't matter when you hit it. But we're finally a research test not actually true. So, if you have low carb or breakfast, it's an irrespective of how many carbs. If you had 300 grams of carbs for the day, if you had most of them with breakfast, you'd actually fix your metabolism to use carbs of rest of the day as fuel. So, what we're trying to look into a lot is what should you do to optimize breakfast and nutrient programming? And for, I know you've got an answer to, before we pop that subject of kind of meal composition, is there an adaptation period? Or is that 24 hours, you know, if I say, for example, woke up and had high fat, high protein breakfast, would I automatically program the rest of my day? Or is there a sort of an adaptation period required? We're kind of like keto adaptation, where I need to do that for a certain amount of time before it really takes effect. Yeah, that's actually something more awesome to the research time. We look for this. We just did a huge study and a huge anecdote, but yes, so you have a cute adaptation and long-term adaptations. You do see effects that day, but it gets better because you become more insulin sensitive. You become more, we call metabolic, we flexible, and that only improves over time. But any diet or any intervention that you use is going to take a couple of weeks, and actually with keto-jank dieting, with our research, we found the first week they felt horrible. After two weeks, like, oh, this is great, I'm eating like bacon and... This is awesome. I'm like leaning up. You know, but there's always a period of adaptation, but one thing, this anecdote and when we work for keto-jank athletes, six months they actually feel better than the two weeks. Wow. It's a long process for sure. And how low do they... Is there a carb threshold for that six months? Do you know, gradually increase it or do they stay pretty low? What can induction? Yeah, what we definitely found is like to get in for most people, their fats gotta be like, and everyone's gonna what the hell, you know, to get in, you gotta have 75% fat, 20% protein. That's a lot better. That's a lot better. 5% carb, right? So, you know, keto-friendly foods are like bacon and eggs and whole cream. Your body, yes, there's a two week, maybe two week adaptation period, but it gets better with time, I'll let you. That's great. What about you, Robinie, exciting research insights? You know, I think for me, I mean, the top three would be one that we seem to be in the decade of protein. I mean, we're finally focused on protein. Being a nutrition, being schooled in back in the 80s, being a registered dietitian, you know, protein was sort of, you know, that left behind nutrient. Can't go above 15% of total calories. Can't go above 0.8 grams per kilogram body weight. Why? Because you leech calcium from your bones and your kidney shut down. You know, it was, you know, it was basically the forgotten nutrient of the three. We went through, you know, low fat high carb, we went through low, I mean, we've gone through all these, but I think the thing that we're really focused on now is the important protein throughout the day and trying to better understand how to make it work for you, because it's nutrient that wants to work for you better than any other nutrient that we're ingesting right now. You know, beyond muscle, you know, satiety, thermogenesis and others, you know, hair skin nail beauty, you know, recovery from injury, whatever it may be, the foundation of all that is going to be protein. So I'm really, really excited that we're, you know, in hyperdrive when it comes to protein, research and protein research in more practical applications. The other things that I really like before I get to create them, which is my outside of protein is one of my favorite nutrients is that we're beginning to look at ways to potentiate protein. So, and I think this is really important. That as we begin to realize that we need more protein, especially as we get older, you know, our needs for protein are probably increased over, you know, the younger years by percentages of like, you know, 20 percent or so. So, but at the same time, we may be sort of calorie restrained, or, you know, we may not want to eat that much food, or whatever the reason is. So, how do we potentiate the protein that we ingest? So, that maybe, what was 30 grams of protein yesterday may only be 15 grams of protein tomorrow with the right potentiating factors. And I think like Stu Phillips Lab has done some really nice stuff with lower amounts of weight protein, but that has been augmented with looseene, and you get, you get sort of a comparable impact on muscle as you do with 25 grams away. So, the idea is that trigger nutrients like looseene may be able to reduce the amount of total protein that you need to consume. So, I think that's really, really exciting. And the last is, you know, I always like to talk about creatinine. And just as, you know, a creatinine consumer for 20 years, get your creatinine. And there are not many things that we now understand about creatinine, you know, beyond, beyond muscle. And even, even application of muscle, sarcopenium, metabolism, bone health, neurodegenerative diseases later in life. You know, all of these things may be, you know, positively impacted by prophylactic creatin consumption over the decades before. And, you know, I just think that's absolutely critical. And we, you know, Jake made the point earlier. Maybe we need to begin to look at it more of as kind of an essential nutrient, because it's very, very difficult to get efficacious levels of creatinine you know, in the diet on a regular basis. I mean, if you're trying to get five or six grams, I mean, it becomes, you know, fairly challenging. So, you know, how do we, you know, how do we do that? Supplementation seems to be the way to do it. Awesome. Well, just as kind of a quick ending takeaway, we talked about efficacious dose. So, not even to get into different forms of creatinine, which is with creatinine on a hydrate for people who want to harness and take advantage of all those benefits for, you know, performance as well as health. What sort of the just dosing strategy long term do you need to cycle off it, or can you kind of maintain it? I think you maintain. I think there's no reason to, you know, let go of it at all. And I mean, you can go through laps, and that's a beauty of creatinine. If you look at, you know, muscle saturation of creatinine, you can go through periods where, you know, when I asked you earlier, do you have some creatinine? Because I didn't pack it, you know, and if I go a day without it, I'm okay. If I go two days without it, I start to get worried. But you do actually have a few days that if you miss it, and you can come back and, you know, not, you know, for average individuals, I'd say anywhere between like three and six grams, depending on size. It's probably, you know, women probably sliding more, you know, down towards three, and then as, as you train harder and as you get bigger, and accumulate more muscle mass, or, you know, I think you're up in the five to six grams. So somewhere around like 0.06 grams per kilogram body weight will get you there. And, you know, I think that's good. I don't think there's any reason to cycle off of it. Yeah, I mean, and safe. You know, I mean, there's been a lot of research. We did some research and cardiovascular research using loading doses. And if anything, the effect that we found on the heart maybe had strengthened the contraction of the heart. Yeah. And it's a nine-ortropic effect that, you know, that was really kind of interesting. But there was no negative effects of it whatsoever. And there's been a lot of long-term studies that suggests that it's, you know, that's benign. Well, thank you guys so much for joining us on this edition of the Pro panel. If you've got any questions whatsoever for our pros or our experts, please just drop a note in the comments below. Feel free to sound off. Or connect with these guys on their social channels if you guys kind of want to share those. Yeah. I'm on Twitter. It's J. Wilson PhD. And just Jacob Wilson on Facebook. Or you can always hit me up any other way. I'm looking forward to your guys comments. Yeah. So it's the Nutrition Doc on Twitter. So it's DOC. And then I have a website, which is NutritionDr.com and it's D.R. So it's the NutritionDrDR.com. Awesome. And for more great content like this, keep coming back to bodybuilding.com. Awesome.