Welcome to another episode of the expert panel. My name is Chris Ellary. I'm deputy editor of Bodybuilding.com. Once again, I'm joined by two phenomenal guys, Dr. Jake Wilson, PhD in skeletal muscle physiology and director of the Human Performance's Lab University of Tampa. My man Rob Wildman, nutrition PhD and chief science officer for Dymatize. Thank you guys so much for being here. It's great to be here again. It's phenomenal. Yeah. Really appreciate it. For people who haven't seen our first episode, do you mind kind of just elaborating a little bit on your positions of what you guys do? Sure. Well, I'll start this time. So yeah, I function as chief science officer for Dymatize, which means that I get to really drive the science of the company. So, you know, we get to design the products, we get to do and design research around the products to show that they work and they have what they say they have. And really just you know, create phenomenal products that people love to use and taste great. Yes, it's probably the best job. But, you know, well, basically what we do is I'm most of my time spent in the lab. So, like I direct the Human Performance and Sports and Nutrition Lab at University of Tampa. And we weren't through a lot of experiments and the majority of them are centered around changing body composition. Like, you know, how do you gain muscle, how do you lose fat? And we run through about a dozen studies of semester. And I'm also, yeah, it's crazy. Looking at what how do you optimize fat and things like that. But, or decrease fat mess and things like that. But, the other thing is I'm also the associate director of the graduate program at University of Tampa and exercise nutrition science. So, we sort of tied it all together. Fantastic. Yeah, thank you guys very much. Well, for today's session, we're actually going to focus primarily on nutrition and broadly and then actually segue into more popular diets. So, this will sort of be a nutrition round table. We'll recover some basics in general. Gold-based nutrition, say, for fat loss or muscle building. And then, dovetail into certain diets like ketogenic dieting, if it fits your macros, intermittent fasting. And with each of those, we're going to try to discuss the practical applications for their best for some of the limitations. And other factors you should consider if you are going to choose a specific diet to follow. So, I guess to kick things off in a very broad sense, if someone wants to lose fat or build muscle, what are the first things they should consider when either selecting a specific diet or just looking over their nutrition plan? Well, there's a number of things you've found about gaining muscle or losing fat. You really have to think about one, can you actually do them at the same time? And there's probably one of the more controversial topics there. You know, I've had already calls for people like, there's no way that could happen. But I can tell you, we've run hundreds and hundreds of really high-tech scans and look at body composition in our lab. And we've seen time and time again that you actually can do both. Usually you select a direction. So, someone's trying to lose body fat. Some of the things they'll think about is, well, you're probably going to create a slight calorie deficit. And that could be created through exercise, because it also be created through diet itself. But most people are when they're dieting or just thinking about all I need to lose fat, but they also need to spare muscle. You know, or maybe gain a little bit of muscle while they're doing it. So you have to think of those things as well. And I know Rob's got a lot of stuff. Yeah. Yeah. But I mean, what's interesting is it's really kind of changed the thought process around this. And if you go back 10 years ago, you would say, well, I'm trying to lose fat. Therefore, I have to be catabolic. I have to break down body tissue and protein body protein is going to go long for the right, which means you will lose muscle mass. So, slowly, you know, and to your point, you would try to minimize or spare body protein while you maximize fat loss. How do you do that? But I think over the last few years, I have been some nice research papers that have come out that even in a weight loss scenario, you can actually make gains in muscle mass at the same time. But there are some things that you have to do in order to make it happen. Well, what I'm going to talk about those specifics a little bit. Is it a matter of meal frequency or a certain number of calories or even macro composition? I would say probably all those. So, we definitely know your macronutrient composition is going to impact the quality of that mass change that you have. You know, so protein needs to be obviously higher. The distribution of it needs to be, you know, on point. Also, your calorie deficit of your tongue about losing fat can't be too drastic. That is the more proportionally you'll lose muscle mass. So, it has to be somewhat conservative. And then obviously the training as well. You know, someone starts to increase their cardio from one to one hour a day to two hours a day. Our labs actually found like a dose dependent response. The more you do cardio, the more selective, you don't just lose actual body fat but you're actually losing muscle mass and a dose dependent fashion. So, these are all things that people have to consider. Yeah. And, you know, macros are important. But I think what's interesting over the last, you know, it's really gone on for decades now. But people can go anywhere from less than 10% of their calories and get into more of a ketogenic diet in Xenario and go all the way up to 65% of their calories from carbohydrate where it's more of a high carbohydrate type of Xenario. And you can have great results either way. So, there's really kind of a personalized approach to it. You know, there's a compliance factor there. But I think, you know, a seminal concept that just threads through both. It's really protein and resistance training. I mean, both have to be strongly considered. You need higher levels of protein. So, if it's one time a day, you need to maximize that one meal a day, you need to resistance train. But, you know, I think some of the really fun data that we've seen is even if you split it up into six meals a day, as long as your protein levels are high enough at those meals, you get great results in losing fat mass, as well as keeping your metabolism revved up even in a weight loss scenario. So, what is the research show as optimal protein intake while trying to lose fat for either lean mass maintenance or even potential muscle building? Is it a gram per pound every day or is it meal specific? It's both really, I think, you know, because you can say six meals a day, you can say three meals a day, but you're going to need probably for most people well over a gram per kilogram bodyweight, probably closer to one and a half to one point six or even higher. So, you need adequate protein. The best way to do is sort of funnel it down and say if I'm going to do three meals a day, I'm going to do six meals a day. So, if I'm going to break it into six meals a day, I'm still going to need at least 20 grams of protein at those six meals a day. And the reason for that is is that just protein itself has an anabolic effect. Protein itself will increase muscle protein synthesis. We always talk about resistance training in enhancing muscle protein synthesis, but protein by itself will do that as well, but you need enough just like you need after you train. So, 20 grams, I think the studies that have been done where they've split it up into five and six meals a day and haven't shown really good results with that. And they say, well, you know, six meals a day really doesn't work. It's because they restrict the calories too much. And even though they increase protein percentage in the diet, there's still wasn't enough at each of the meals to really keep metabolism high and to keep muscle protein synthesis optional, not a optimal. Yeah, that's absolutely key. I mean, the main thing is if protein is really high like Dr. Rob says, if you distribute it out, you know, to more frequent meals as long as each of those meals is hitting a sort of a threshold. You know, 20 to 30 grams, if you're one of the bigger guys out there, 30 or 40 grams per meal, then you're going to get a benefit. Well, and so protein might also provide, well, we could talk about the thermic effect of food a little bit. Does protein provide additional benefits for somebody trying to lose fat beyond just an abolism? Yeah, it seems so. I mean, just the way that protein is handled in the body requires more calories. So typically, the thermal effect of a protein is said to be around 20 to 35 percent of the calories that you consume from protein. For fat and carbohydrate, I believe it's 10 to 15 percent. So it's kind of double then, you know, what you would expect from carbohydrate or fat. It's not that simple, but in general, you can use that as an easy, easy rule. Yeah, and one of the keys for that is the fact that it's driving protein synthesis as well. So that's obviously going to increase calorie expenditure. Where do you get to consume a carbohydrate? That's not going to necessarily drive proteins synthesis. So that's one of the reasons you get a higher, you know, thermic effect, greater calorie expenditure. And protein actually caused your muscles to adapt. I think increase more of your fat-burner machinery, like mitochondria when you actually consume it, as opposed to carbohydrates, so it could actually suppress that. That's a great point. So when you're starting even just to look at your calories, should you begin with a calculator or a formula? How should you sort of begin to just kind of craft your strategy for calories I'm consuming now versus what I should be consuming in a deficit to lose weight? Yeah, all right. So that's basically, obviously this is one of the more difficult questions. Like in our lab, we put people under a metabolic cart and it's like, oh, boom, okay, at least we get a baseline calorie, but obviously people can't just do that. So what's the best alternatives? Well, if you look one thing you could use a calorie calculator, I know body one on a calm has some really good calorie calculator, they'll tell you, well, this is what we estimate. Your baseline is. But one thing we know about humans is that, you know, they have a process of homeostasis. They want to stay at the same weight. If you're kind of just eating and tracking your calories, you're probably at the end of the week and a stay around the same weight. If you just let it happen naturally. So what you do is you track yourself over a week and you're like, how's my weight fluctuated? If it hasn't changed, that's probably your maintenance calories. You know, in your case, you're going to need a fault to maintenance. If you've gone up like two pounds, you probably need to adjust a little bit down. But once you find that, then you can create the deficit. And that's probably more of the most accurate way you can do along with maybe using a calorie calculator. You could do that as well. That's what I recommend. Yeah, absolutely. It's sort of the intersect between the two. You know, if you keep a log, you know, we always talk about starting out with a good self-imintory. And you have to define where you are before you know where you can actually go. And so, you know, it's sort of the intersect between, you know, how many calories you currently consuming? What types of foods are driving that? You just come up with sort of a general or rough sort of macro and pro king content. And then also use a calculator, which will apply equations like Miffler St. Sure, or even the cutting hand equation, which is good for people that have more lean body mass or fat free mass, muscle mass. And then once you've established that baseline, is there a recommended deficit per day to start, where should people kind of begin finding tuning or tinkering? Yeah, I was like to recommend. So once you know your maintenance calorie load or level, then about 80, 75 to 80 percent of that is a good place. And if you want to get more aggressive, because the big thing is, you know, there's daily activity and then there's exercise activity on top of that. So you have to factor that in. If you're spending a lot of energy training, like 600 calories, which is a lot of training, then you, you know, you need to bring that up a little bit higher. So, you know, 75 percent of your total daily energy expenditure is probably going to drive, you know, good loss of fat mass. Well, at the same time helping the spare protein. And if you take your training up and you get your protein levels up high enough, you can actually build muscle or at least maintain where you are. Exactly. And also it's important for people to understand that, you know, how much weight they're going to lose to start, how much fat they're going to lose. It's going to be dependent on their starting body fatness. You know, so if someone has a lot more body fat, they're going to lose a lot quicker than someone who's super lean. So they have to put that in perspective as well. What's the reason for that? You know, obviously, does your body just cling to those energy stores as you sort of start running through them and thus it's harder to use them when you're say 10 percent or below as a guy or, you know. Strategically speaking, there's this one scientist Forbes did a bunch of research based on looking at what happens from when you're obese to just overweight to lean. What did your body preferentially select? And it seems that the more body fat you have, the more it will say, oh, cool. I can use as much fat as I want, right? But as you get leaner and leaner, your body changes its strategy because it actually wants to hold on to some of that fat mass. And I'll change its strategy so it'll start to sort of catabulize muscle. The leaner you are, the more and danger you are. And I'm not recommending this for people watching, but someone who has a lot of body fat can go on sort of extreme calorie deficits and not lose muscle or especially if they're resistant training. So they're like, you know, over 25 percent or something for example, they could go on a thousand calorie deficit and they will actually barely test their muscle at all, especially the resistant training. But then you got a guy who's, you know, ripped like Dr. Rob. And basically what's going to happen is he has to be more careful because his body actually will now strategically try and lose muscle. There'll be a much higher proportional loss from muscle in fact if he's not careful. And so then he may have to be more conservative. Yeah, I mean, I think that's a great point. I think people who are leaner before they begin to manipulate their caloric intake actually have more to lose when it comes to lean body mass. So they really have to be careful. So you really have to monitor yourself on a daily basis, find out if you're being overly restrictive, you know, way yourself. You know, I always recommend that people do monitor their body composition more frequently than once a week or once every two weeks. I think if you are in that scenario, especially a leaner guy, maybe a guy that's like 10 to 15 percent body body fat, pretty lean to begin with who's trying to, you know, try to knock off just a little more fat, trying to bring the abs out a little bit more. I mean, they do, you know, they don't want to lose muscle mass. So they do want to stay on top of their fat free mass and monitor it. And maintenance strategies for lean mass. We talked a little bit about, you know, protein intake totals and permeal. What about like branch chet amino acids or just other ways to kind of some other anti-catabolic strategies? Yeah, branch amino acids for sure. Like, there's a lot of studies, you know, a colleague of mine actually want the top scientists out there, Dr. William Kramer has then studies where they've extremely like overreached individuals which would be similar to like a dieting situation. And found that branch research was able to spare like that decrement that we see, sort of in muscle. And then obviously, you know, the one of the main branch chet amino acids we think about is looseine. And, and basically, that has a lot of metabolites like Hica for example, or also HMB. Those seem to spare muscle, right? So those are like anti-catabolic. We know if you're in a calorie deficit, they'll spare actual muscle when you're in a calorie deficit. I was wondering when HMB is going to come up with an eight-conversation. This is the weight for HMB for HMB. We got through like a few minutes and so. The record. And same timing strategy. Would you use the BCWAs as a bridge between meals? Yeah. So I think for sure, one of the things that we know actually some of my brother, Dr. Gables, and did a lot of research finding that basically branched amino acids between meals will keep you sort of like, you know, or from going catabolic. So yeah, it's definitely beneficial especially your dieting. But the other thing that is important to realize is that as you cut your calories, your calories need to be more efficient. So you need to move to, you know, if you're having a bunch of excess calories, well, maybe it's not as you don't have to be as cautious. You're probably going to hit your thresholds anyway. When you're restricting calories, everything's got to be on points. In a sense, especially when you talk about protein, and the quality of protein needs to go up in the looseine content needs to go up. And branched amino acids, you get you stimulate protein synthesis at a fraction of what it would cost to have a whole protein meal. I think I can't remember when the study was published, it was probably about a year, a year and a half ago where they actually showed, and I think it was at a Stu Phillips lab where they actually showed lower protein intake, lower amounts of weight protein, like six grams of it, but stacked with more looseine to get it up to a looseine content of about 25 grams of weight protein, concentrate. And they actually are, that you still get good muscle protein synthesis with less protein but with the added looseine. So it's the idea that you know that you want to stimulate muscle protein synthesis throughout the day. You always want anabolism happening in the muscle all day, and a ball. And so how do you do that? So it's hard to plan out six protein adequate meals over the course of the day. So what if in between it's a little bit lighter, can you come in there with an amino beverage that drives, branched in amino acids up over five grams, giving you two grams or higher of elucine, triggering muscle protein synthesis, that can only help. So I think that takes us back to one of the things you first said, which I want to talk a little bit about before we sort of dive into specific diets, building muscle while you're in a deficit or while you're losing fat. And I think a lot of people don't think it's possible because they sort of assume you need a calorie surplus in total to build muscle. So can you talk a little bit about how you might be able to build muscle while cutting fat? Well we think about building muscle and losing fat. It's really just it's signaling. We're trying to switch on the signals for muscle. We're trying to you know switch on the signals to catablyce fat mass. And you don't necessarily really have to have a calorie surplus to do that. The one thing I will say is that you could be in maintenance. And if you have a little bit of a lot of your providing all of the protein for example, if you're just distributing your protein optimally, while you're timing out protein you send my protein synthesis. That puts a drain on the muscle cell itself. And that actually causes it to go, oh, I need more energy. I'll increase my amount of control, increase fat metabolism. So just by optimizing protein, you're actually switching on one signal for growth and then you're going to switch on one signal the catablyce fat tissue itself. The other thing is you can be real smart and how you optimize like your cardio for example. If you're not doing long duration, if you're doing short bouts, that'll create adaptations in your body that make you sort of have greater advantages for using fat. Again, you're doing like high-intensity interval train like we do in our lab, you don't increase mitochondria. Your body by nature is going to actually shift its actual body composition. So just switching signals on and switching other signals off. And you'll still be able to cause it to happen. What I can tell you is that if you're trying to lose fat or weight in general, which may be not be what we totally concentrate on is just weight, but if someone's going down, then basically they need to be real careful on how they're structure in their calorie deficit. Again, it needs to be more conservative. They're trying to gain muscle at the same time. The more drastic, the less of a shot they have to do that. Yeah, I mean, because you're trying to optimize lipolytic processes. You're trying to optimize fat breakdown from fat tissue. At the same time, you're trying to optimize an avalism within muscle tissue. So, you know, I think there's been really nice work that's done, you know, again, out of Stufilps lab, but they showed a, um, that in women that if you put them on a calorie deficit, so they're geared towards fat loss. They're geared towards weight loss fat loss. But you give them higher protein. And if more of that protein actually comes from dairy. And because of the effects of dairy on muscle protein synthesis, you know, seeming to be in especially way, seeming to have really strong anabolic effects that the women with resistance training actually gain muscle mass while they lost body fat. So, you know, it's, it can be done. You just have to do it smart. And we've seen it in our lab with really high level train guys. I mean, guys are, you know, like, it's our labs, somewhat uncarraculous. You'll go in there and love guys dead, like 600 pounds and stuff like that. Which mostly it's just a convenient population. And I'm telling you right now, those guys, you're seeing the same thing. It can happen even if you're well trained. You can still make this change. Is there, you kind of talked about does dependent cardio? I'm what about resistance training if you're trying to do that? If you're trying to lose fat, maintain or build a little muscle. Can you overreach or is there an optimal frequency for training or structure somebody should follow? Wow. Very question. That's a very, very, very. What's optimal level of frequency, basically, is that's one of the most complex. Yeah, but okay. And this is, this will sound strange. Obviously, like a lot of times you open an amazing. It's like, why did legs on Monday? Right? It'd back on Tuesday, you know, arms on Wednesday, whatever. And you do one body part per week. Well, it turns out there's, there's research at a Norway at a raw said's lab. That's actually showing that training a body part every day actually is increasing more muscle mass than two to three times a week. But the trick, and this is one of the keys I have to emphasize that frequency is not the same as volume. They're related. So if I did 30 sets of legs today, right, and I did it tomorrow, and the next day in the next day, next day, yeah, probably overreach, right? You know, you probably count on that, especially if you're trying to cause a calorie deficit. But what if I trained, like, for example, I don't know, 20 sets of legs twice a week, that's 40 total sets. If I broke that up in the four workouts of 10 each workout, I would actually increase muscle size more. And this is even in elite athletes to normal people, and I would increase protein sense this more. Because what happens is the more well trained you get, the lesser the protein sense this response last. So if someone's untrained, yeah, the one day a week thing works, the two days a week works. Because protein sense this might last 72 hours, 96 hours, maybe. And so is untrained. As someone's like, who's highly trained, it might last, you know, a matter of hours. You know, maybe 12 hours after the train session, it's done. And they're wondering why they're plateaued. Maybe they need to adjust their training frequency. So I would say volume you have to be really careful with the training frequency, maybe a good way to hold on to lean mass while you're dieting. So you get more of a frequent stimulus. And being very, very cautious incentive to overtraining. Yeah. And yeah, what about intensity on a deficit? Should you be lifting lighter? Or should you still, if you want to still hit a three or five or max or do five sets of five or something, should you be training for hypertrophy or for strength or a little bow? Basically, wanting, like I want to emphasize that, like we know whether you're a deficit or you're in a surplus, you still are trying, if you're trying to hold on or gain muscle while you're dieting, you're still in a maximize the sort of mechanisms of hypertrophy. But you're going to be like tension. And that's going to be with the heavy loading, motor unit recruitment, which is going to be the heavy loading. And then, of course, the cell swans. So I'd have a mixture of all of them. The difference is what we're finding our lab is basically this. The way that you perceive where you're at and a day might dictate somewhat how you train. So you need to get your work and during the week. I know that if I'm dieting, okay, I have to get a heavy lifting, at least say, I know I need to train for hypertrophy, like once or twice a week, maybe blood flow restriction, want to week. But of those, the least taxing to blood flow restriction. Maybe high perjury, you can zone out. Maybe you need the most focus for strength. So basically we're finding our lab as if you came in like on a Monday. And today was supposed to be your heavy day. You know you got to get the end of this week. But on our scale, zero to 10, you're like at five. You probably should do blood flow restriction that day. Because it takes the least out of you. And it has a basically no muscle damage. Not a lot. Whereas on Wednesday, like, oh, I feel 100% and you get your heavy day. And then Friday, you sort of get into your hypertrophy. She need to vary your work at about how you feel. And you need to be more sensitive to that when you're dieting because the chance to overreach and the importance of paying attention to your own internal cues becomes even more important. Just not as simple as going to the gym three days a week. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But I guess the key is, is just to pay attention to your body. You know, understand the signals that are, you know, that are being presented to you. And then to adjust your work out accordingly. So yeah, auto regulate a little bit. Auto regulated. That's where you got. That's an ex level right now. Well, I'm at my fee. A whole another whole other expert. Yeah, so from here to keep the nutrition focus, I think it'd be great to move into some specific diets. And maybe we could start with ketogenic dieting and just talk first and foremost, what is a keto diet? How to do it? How do you get into ketosis? What's the benefit of it? Well, ketogenic dieting. It's one of the more interesting diets, right? And basically, what I can tell you from my experience what most people think ketogenic dieting is. Most people think it's eliminate carbs, you know, intipally a bodybuilder will eliminate carbs and then they'll kind of go clean. You know, basically like moderate fat, high super high protein. Okay? And then what happens is after five days, they're like, I feel horrible. I try to like, I tried ketogenic dieting, didn't work. And then I ask them what they did. Well, you know, my protein was super high. Lower my carbs, I had low fats, you know, and they were all like unsaturated, right? So, but that's actually not ketogenic dieting. Kewogenic dieting and this is sounds kind of crazy, but over 70% of your actual calories are coming from fat. Like maybe 75% and so, you know, and then 20%, 20% 25% have come from protein and 5% or less is going to come from carbs. So, basically, your carbs are going to come all from like green vegetables, essentially, at that point. Then your protein is going to be higher fat protein. Do you know how to me? Bacon. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, whole cream, cheeses, you know, all the stuff that you like you thought was horrible. It totally changes on a ketogenic diet. Okay. But you can't have the carbs whether that's the thing. I mean, your protein is moderate. So, that's ketogenic dieting. And basically, what happens is most people are carbon-adapted. It means these carbohydrates are primary and field source, right? When you become fat adapted, right? Or one of the main researchers in the field see, funny calls it keto adapted. Basically, now your body is like boom, now my main field source is fat. And what happens is, fat, skip, broken down, also converted into ketones. And that's I can't emphasize that enough because your brain runs off, can run off of those and they have a lot of muscle sparing effects. So, what's going on is that the bodybuilder who does kind of a bro kind of keto diet, right? The high protein type of thing. What happens is they never get into ketosis. Never. And that's why they feel miserable because you've taken away carbs. But that's what they're adapted to still. And you know, they don't have them. So, basically, that's the biggest problem. You have to become keto adapted. The other thing is, of course, when someone goes into a keto diet. And then I try to for three days to try for five days. I felt miserable. Well, it takes time to adapt to any diet. And that's one thing that we would emphasize. Any diet you do, you know, you have to adapt. Your body adapts to dieting. Your gut, your body overall, adapts to dieting. Just like it adapts to training. It takes that minimum two weeks before you're fat adapted. And they'll actually the longer you go, the better it actually becomes. So, the main benefit to ketogenic dieting is that now fat is your primary source of fuel. And ketones are very high. And ketones spare muscle mass when you die it. And so, you don't lose as much muscle. Also, you don't crash. Normally, you're dying like, oh, I can't think. I can't concentrate. You've been around athletes or bodybuilders contests. I just can't think. I just can't think, right? Well, ketones, you're constantly tapping in your fat and producing ketones. So, you can't think you don't crash. And ketones are very satiating. Which means that you're not as hungry. So, you can have a more sustained diet with that. So, those are the benefits that you see. Yeah. Well, I think, you know, Dr. Wilson brings out some really, really good points. And that is, I mean, if you're going to try ketogenic dieting, if you're not going to climb in, you have to do it right. Yeah, you have to keep your proteins at a moderate level, you know, 25% or so. Because proteins, broken down to amino acids, some of those amino acids will become glucose. So, you don't want to flood your bloodstream with glucose. A lot of it's going to go into liver, liver takes it and says, let's keep making glucose. And so, you never really generate significant amounts of ketone bodies. And that's where the magic is. Without the ketone bodies, you really can't reap the benefits. You know, the brain is, you know, red blood cells can only use glucose for energy. And so, you need about 50 grams of glucose a day for red blood cells. That's all they can use. The brain, on the other hand, will go glucose or to go ketone bodies. So, you know, it just gets a little bit confusing if you go very low carb diet, but very high protein diet, because you never really get into full ketosis. But yet, at the same time, you make yourself miserable because you don't really go hyperglysemic either. It's just, it's metabolicly, it's confusing. You don't have a consistent fuel source for your brain. So, you get that nice fog. Yeah, a hundred percent. Yeah. I mean, we're just understanding, we're beginning to understand like so many benefits. But at the end of this isn't new. You know, researchers have been playing around practitioners, have been playing around ketogenic diets now for almost a hundred years. So, you know, over the last couple of decades is where we've really invested more time. And I think now it's just so much more exciting because there's more food options. There's more people doing it. And there's better understanding of how to do it effectively that will guide people into it and then help them stay on longer and reap the benefits. But I think the ketone bodies themselves being having effect on hunger is really really exciting stuff. And, you know, there's been a few studies now that have shown that, you know, over the course several weeks when you become keto adapted, some of your hormone levels go down that are directly involved in hunger. So, you know, it's playing a direct role there. Plus, the higher protein intake can stimulate higher levels thermogenesis. So, there's metabolic benefit and then there's also hunger benefits that go with it as well. So, there's a lot of really cool benefits. You're a lot of other things too that I think are exciting. I know you're just about to talk about that. Great impact on blood lipids. So, you know, you may have, we may have, you know, worked with a lot of clients out there that, you know, and I don't think we look at it the way that Jake just mentioned it. We are carbon adapted. So, you can either carbon-dapt or with very low carbon-taken model. You can keto adapt. And, you know, the body will run well either way. And, you know, some of the reflection that we're not carbon-dapted optimally might be elevations in blood triglycerides. Elevated blood cholesterol levels. Elevated blood glucose levels. Meaning that we are carbon-dapted and we're overloading the system. We're just not doing it optimally. So, a lot of that gets corrected when you go over to a ketogenic diet. You can lower triglycerides. You can lower LDL in cholesterol levels. And, your, your, your cholesterol, your LDL particles are actually bigger, which are less atherogenic. So, there's a lot of benefit for somebody who's struggling over here. Maybe with a little extra body fat and maybe they're, you know, they're hypergalicemic. Trying to deal with like some medication to try to control blood glucose levels. Their lipids are up a little bit and their doctor is telling them, hey, you know, you need to statin drug. Maybe this is a really good option for them. Yeah, and it seems a paradoxical. Right? He's like, way, way. He's a good word. Well, it's like, way to second. Way, you're telling me that I can take in a bunch of cholesterol, like, bacon and blue cheese and, you know, and ranch. And, um, I can actually lower my, you know, cholesterol levels or increase my, like, good cholesterol. Yeah. Yeah. But basically, the, the paradox is solved by this. When you think about fats, the paradox is basically fats go into the muscle, they go into the mitochondria, and they get used as fuel. But that requires a transporter to get in there, turns out that carbs and insulin block that transporter. Okay. Um, so basically now, you have a, if you eat high fat, um, like, if you ate like a huge pizza or something, and cheesecake, super high fat, you know, a lot of people, I can eat high fat, right? Yeah. But if you have the pizza and then the cheesecake, you have super high fat, but now you have the carbs and the insulin and boom, where's that fat going to go? Yeah. So, you know, it's, you know, you have the problem. You know, you have the problem, but basically there is even a study where, um, Bob Wolfe, he infused fat at a high level in the people, and basically, with no carbs, it just got used as fuel. Use as fuel. He infused carbs with the fat and basically, you have an elevation and blood fats and blood lipids. That's the problem. And that's one of the keys that we've think about. The other thing is, um, that when we have a lot of fat, you know, one of the things that happens is testosterone plummetes. Um, but we actually did a study where we saw people lose a lot of fat. These are well-registered train guys. They lost a lot of fat. Um, I want to say, probably like, uh, seven or eight pounds of fat, and their testosterone levels jumped like a hundred points. Uh, yeah, on keto. Um, because basically you think about fat is a lipid, right? So, um, so it's really cool to see that. That's great results. Yeah. And that's fantastic. And I would assume just to kind of touch on the wellness benefits for the health benefits, um, good applications for type 2 diabetes as well, right? Great applications. That's one of the things that a doctor, I've never talked about over Daryl last night was like, who responds better? It may always say that people who are insulin resistant, people who are tenet towards type 2 diabetes, um, have great, great benefits from this, you know, or someone just doesn't respond well to carbs. If you have a guy who can, you know, take in like 600 grams of carbs and say shredded year round well, you know, why don't know why keto might not be the best diet for that person. That's why it's all about customization, you know, basically. So, but someone who has a harder time, that's where sort of switching over to sort of keto could be something at all for them. Yeah. And I think that's one of the things I find most interesting is you have different people that follow different macronutrient ratios and get great benefit. So it really kind of drives home the point that there isn't just one diet out there, but there is just one you and you have to let the diet that's going to work for you come to you instead of trying to go out there and find one that, you know, all of your friends say works. But at the same time, you know, it is great that if you are going to try ketogenic or another tyzone or another type of diet, it is great if you have friends and family and whatnot who may be trying it with you because, you know, that camaraderie and that partnership that can go along with it can really help, you know, compliance and success. Absolutely. 100% and then, you know, there are concerns people have I know and it's importantly address all the concerns of keto. One of the things before, like, like, our lab our last year has been doing a monories search with this resistance train guys before. It's mostly type 2 diabetes overweight people or just normal people who didn't like left or anything like that. And basically what we're finding is one of the things is, oh, I know if I don't have carbs, there's no way I can have the same training point. I know that for a fact. We found no differences in training volume between groups. We found no differences in the ability to gain muscle between groups. We found no differences in the ability to gain strength. So in some sense, that's where it becomes like what is your preference, what tool do you want to use, et cetera, et cetera. Now, with dieting, it becomes a little bit more complex. That was a maintenance sort of phase. With dieting, it becomes a little bit more complex. You have different variations of keto, jank dieting. But sticking to this trick one probably is a good idea. So yeah, people are often afraid of dropping carbs because they think of carbs as the performance nutrient. But you'd say, based on that research, that there's really no fear if, you know, regardless of how hard you're trading of cutting carbs. Yeah. And we, you know, you say, we basically saw all the benefits. Now, one of the things that people will do is they kind of will want the best of both worlds. And what they'll do is they'll do sort of a cyclic keto-jank diet. Right. It's very famous, very popular. You know, in five days, I start to feel horrible. So I'm going to carve upon the weekends. Then I feel great. And then after five days, it's a horrible game. Let me carve up. Well, the reason why they kind of feel horrible after five days, because the carbs on the weekend never allowed them to adapt. So if they're going through this vicious cycle, so we just did a study where basically we took guys and we put them on a calorie deficit. And we had them go cyclic. Basically, they did keto during the week and they carved up on the weekend. And then another group basically just went straight keto. Now, both of them lost, I guess, about three kilograms of total body weight. Okay. So about three kilograms of total body weight. The keto group all of it was fat. All of it. I predicted, because I was, I was believed it was actually what they were saying. I predicted, like, oh, my prediction is the cyclic keto group will actually lose maybe less fat with their gain a little muscle. That's what I predicted because they have more carbs. They're getting kind of the best both worlds. But guess what? Two of the kilograms they lost was muscle or lean mass. Two of them. And only one was fat. So it's like, whoa. I mean, that's why I looked at that and, you know, Ryan Liner and my lab kind of just was going over the day is like, what's going on, doc? And like, and then kind of the light kind of just went on and I'm like, well, it makes sense, I guess. We looked at their ketone levels throughout the week. Basically, they weren't getting back into ketosis. So like, light Wednesday or Thursday, ketone spare muscle. So if you go in Monday, now you go back to low carb and you don't have the ketone tie to spare muscle. What's your body going to do? It's going to go to muscle and kind of catabalize it. So you have a fuel source until you can get back into ketosis. So people who do that, I can say this. If they're doing a cyclic bed to be a lot more careful, you know, and probably even take fat that might raise ketone levels a lot higher. You know, I think what's interesting, your point about guys who are weight training and who are also following ketogenic diets, they're still able to have great workouts. You know, the muscle movement purely anaerobic, you know, highly anaerobic, but yet they're still able to drive, you know, good, good solid resistance training workouts. So it seems that, you know, they're still glycogen within the muscle, even though they're ketogenic. And there's probably enough fuel in the tank from a carbohydrate standpoint to really, you know, help them have great workouts. As long as they're not overly long workouts, or, you know, even like somebody who does, you know, high intensity cardio or something like that, that's, I think, where ketogenic dieting may fall a little bit short because you do become a little bit more. You become more carbohydrate dependent once you go past your anaerobic threshold. As far as carb cycling goes, it is really popular. So based on those results, should somebody give themselves a couple weeks to get keto adapted before cycling carbs? Is that the better way to do it? That's a really good question. So basically in this day that I talked about, we let them get a keto adapted for two weeks and they still have the decrements, but if someone goes maybe six weeks, maybe two months, it's conceivable at that point they could start to cycle because now they're so fat adapted that two days is not going to throw them out of that, you know, so that could be something that they do, or maybe they start playing around with having some carbs around the workout. These are all things we're trying to figure out right now and in the one. I can tell you that after probably two months, you know, we've done like, sort of case studies and, you know, we're on individual subjects and we've seen that after like two months, three months that they can actually stay in ketosis when they throw in a little bit of carbs. But at first it's probably not going to happen. It's not the best idea. So moving on from ketogenic dieting, I kind of want to touch just briefly on a couple other popular diets. If it fits your macros first and then intermittent fasting. So let's start with I-I-F-Y-M. Okay, yeah. So basically, there's sort of diff somewhat different versions of if it fits your macros, but I think basically the general concept, if you go to like read the websites and stuff like that, it's basically that the the main thing that matters is your total macronutrient content, your calorie. So carbs, fats, proteins, general premises that it doesn't matter how you get those. When you get those, how you time them, that's irrelevant. So long as it fits your macros. Right. So it's also called flexible sort of dieting. So basically for example, if I saved up all my fats for night time and I had cheesecake and pizza that fit my macros, that's just as good if I had like grilled chicken or if I space out my protein and opt only distributed it doesn't matter. Sort of the benefits for that people can kind of eat what they want. Maybe they can stay longer with it. But I have my thoughts on it, but I want to see what Dr. Rob says first. Well, I mean, I think the beauty of it is in the simplicity. I think it's a concept that people can understand and apply readily. And I think the real key is will you be successful, probably. And I don't think it's any different than you know high carbohydrate or even ketogenic. I think if you apply yourself and you structure it correctly and you're able to be compliant against a calorie level, instruct your protein correctly and then optimize your food choices within you will be successful. But I think it's very important sometimes when we oversimplify a program and say it just comes down to one to three things that you have to take into consideration the quality of your choices. So the cheesecake and the pizza, I mean, that may have taken up 40% of your calories for the day. Well, what if some of your fat came from fish? So if it comes from fish, you drive, you know, great protein, omega-3, polyunsaturated fatty acids. We know that omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids help optimize muscle protein synthesis in response to carbohydrate and protein within the meal. So make good choices within your macro, I think would be my recommendation. That it's just not as simple as you know a simple tally board that you also have to sort of score along the way as to what's the quality of the foods that you are consuming. 100% agree. I think we have like this. We have what's sustainable and also understand, yeah, macronutrients are important. Total calorie load is important. No question about it. We go, what is sustainable and then what is optimal? And you know, we have this sort of of sometimes chasm between the two. And it's always going to depend on the goals of the individual. How serious are they? How close are they to their event or their competition for example, or their goal or photo shoot? It does turn out that basically. The premise is good for as far as following a diet and sticking with it in simplicity, but like Dr. Rob says, that concept is not optimal. You know, for example, not all fat's are the same. I mean, for example, if you look at a long chain fatty acid versus a medium chain triglyceride, long chain fatty acid takes longer as a more complex process to use as fuel, compared to medium chain triglycerides. I actually will oxidize or use more fat. I'll be more associated. I have greater concentration and lose more body fat compared to the longer chains. If you look at corn oil versus the omega-3. Same thing Dr. Rob said, I'll actually induce more life policies, more fat oxidation, increase more mitochondria. But if you look at the if it fits your macros, the macros are the same. But it's not the same. And then we know protein quality. Makes we there's tons of studies on protein quality. Like Dr. Rob said, dairy was better than other sources. Well, if you look at your macros, the same thing. The distribution matters. You know, we know there's a lot of good research from Douglas Pat and Jones showing that. Basically, if you look at most of America, they will distribute their proteins with breakfast. They'll have lower protein intake. You know, like a pop tartar or something like that. And then, then money and football comes on. It throw a few stakes on the grill. Boom. And that's they get most of the opportunity. If it fit your macros, protein will be the same. But the body composition is much more different. So that's why you have to understand your goal and say, what can I sustain to optimize, you know, the way to that goal and what can I not and try and find a happy medium or how far you can actually go. Yeah. So yeah, that's so not to oversimplify and try and summarize. But it sounds like if it's your macros can be awesome for compliance. But you have to go a level deeper than the raw macron numbers and still concentrate on choices. I think so. Yeah. And I even think that it's, you know, for a lot of people can be a phased approach where they climb in and, you know, they get their macros right and then they, you know, then they continue to make better food choices or something along this way. But even going back to an earlier point, if you start with a food inventory, I think, you know, it'd be interesting for a lot of people to see where their macros are at that point in time. I mean, a lot of people may may already be at, you know, a macro level like a 40 30 30 or, you know, like a 50 30 20 whatever it is that, you know, I guess one big question is, you know, how do you, you know, how does an individual go? Well, this isn't working for me. I'm going to dial it down or I'm going to dial it up. How did they know how to navigate that path? So, you know, I think starting with a personal inventory knowing where they are and what they've done in the past, what they feel is worked for them from a compliance standpoint, what could they stick with? What was comfortable, where, you know, where do they think they can be successful? And then begin to move in that direction. Awesome. Well, last diet, I want to chat about briefly is intermittent fasting. And sort of just the same general overview or outlook, sort of, you know, who's it best for, practical applications, what is the diet in general, and what do the approaches? Well, it seems to have evolved over the years. I think some of the earlier concepts were that intermittent fasting was in every other day. You would eat heavy one day and then, you know, like, a meal, a large consumption of food, and then you would need the next day and then you would come back and you would do the same thing again. There's been modifications over the years where the second day may include five, 600 calories, where you get some essential nutrients in there and some base protein and so forth, and then you go back to the next day, which is the heavy protein. I've seen intermittent fasting programs now where it's you consume one big meal within, you know, an hour to two hours daily. So you're almost going through like a 22-hour starvation period. And then, you know, fasting period where you're not ingesting any food. And then I think we were talking last night that, you know, there's a stretch of time now that some people are following where they won't consume any food for 16 hours. So they'll have a sort of a feeding window in there where they'll consume and then they'll let themselves not consume any food for another 16 hours. So I think the biggest considerations, and I think everything that we really understand right now about how muscle, you know, I was like to focus on muscle first because I think at the, you know, at the end of the day for most of the people that we work with that, you know, bodybuilding.com I mean, muscle is the core tissue that you serve. You know, it's the tissue that works for you. It's the tissue that works for you. And the gym, and it's the best looking tissue in the human body. You know, muscle is sexy tissue. It gives form and shape. So you always focus on muscle. So what we understand about, you know, the effects of exercise on muscle protein synthesis. And then the effects of protein that you consume on muscle protein synthesis. It's, you know, I think some of some of the issues or some of the considerations around it is what happens during that long stretches of time to muscle protein synthesis when it's not being stoked up when muscle protein breakdown begins to exceed it. And that happens over a 22 hour period or, you know, 20 hour period or shorter periods or whatever it is. You know, I think what we see more of now is sort of a, you know, every three to four hours, you want to elevate muscle protein synthesis either, you know, from food or with exercise then with food adequate protein. So what really does happen during that long stretch of time when that's not happening? Yes, this or the concern. So look at the benefits. You're restricting your time that you can eat or they're like Dr. Ross said that could be, you can only eat a hour today or every other day. The benefits are that your calories lower. If you create a calorie deficit, you'll lose that. The majority of intermittent fasting studies have been done in obese individuals, which is difficult because we can't, we can't take that information and apply it necessarily as long as it's lean. Going back to Forbes, remember what Forbes basically showed is that essentially if you're super lean, you're in danger of losing muscle. So those periods of time where you're fasting, everyone knows her of M tour, the switch for protein synthesis, that gets the press when you're super lean when you're fasting. So this is something that you'd be so on obese. There's a lot of body fat when they're fasting, they create a lot more keytounds easier to create keytounds, they'll spare muscle. When someone's super lean, those periods of fasting become very careful. So it'd be really careful that. And obese individuals, the use of intermittent fasting, they lose almost no muscle. Healborn in 2005 did a study. And basically what he and his team showed was that when you took non obese people, essentially, and you had them intermittent fast, half of what they lost, almost half what they lost was lean. And the other half was fat. Now, but they weren't resistant training and they were lean, but they were sedentary. When you add, basically if you take someone who is sedentary, you have them resistant training and do intermittent fasting, it prevents you from losing that lean mass. If you take guys already resistant training, you're not adding any more resistant training to that. And if they're already super lean, then they can lose lean mass. And that's where those periods of time we have to be really careful. Yeah, I mean, so for those individuals in an intermittent fasting, you know, may not be the right path. Yeah, and if it is the path they decide, they have to be really, really careful with those periods. They had to pay attention to preventing catapulism. It could be the intermittent fasting, I don't know this, but it could be it works best with a ketogenic diet because you're in ketosis. So when you are fasting, your ketones are super high, you're super in muscle. You know, that would be, that's a high hypothesis because that's what's happening with obese people. Well, if you're lean, you're switching over to that. You're definitely going to take like anti-catapulcs and one thing done to rob and I talked about last night was using a modified. Yeah. So during those stretches of time, you know, where you know that there is the possibility, especially for a guy who or a gal who who starts off and who's pretty lean that and they're looking to shave off another percentage or to a body fat and they're not getting there like other means so they want to try this. I think if you went intermittent fasting, then you would want to supplement throughout the day, sort of like you know, like a customized or modified, where you do supplement branch chains throughout the day, maybe some hick in some other nutrients, HMB, which and MCT is even that will help get you there. 100% and that could work, you know, so, but that's definitely would recommend being very cautious of those time periods, the way that you are. Yes. Awesome. Well, I think, yeah, if there are, I mean, there are obviously a lot of phenomenal takeaways from this discussion, but one of the main ones it seems for people watching is there are a lot of ways to skin a cat. There are a lot of ways to diet effectively and obviously compliance is important, but it sounds like optimizing your diet is important through all the tactics we've talked about, distribution and macarutrient composition. I mean, it sounds like you can do that pretty well with a variety of areas of the dietary strategies, whether it's keto or IF, right, if it's your macros. Well, thank you guys very much for the conversation. Well, that is our time today and the next time we get to do an expert panel, we may delve into these topics even more specifically if there are specific user questions. So, as always, please drop your questions and comments down on the page below. Let us know what you want to hear about next time. And also, if you have questions about this particular discussion, so these again, Dr. Jake and Dr. Rob, if you want to get more content from them, Dr. Jake has a column on our site called Ask the Muscle Prof as well as the project mass trader. And Dr. Rob is written a number of specific articles so you can do a search for him and pull up his author page. And for more articles and videos from experts like this, please keep coming back to bodybuilding.com. Thank you.