So today's workout you're going to start with a dynamic warm up. You're going to move into your stretching and then you're going to do two cardio circuits. So for today's workout you just need your own body weight, a stretch mat if you're working on a hard surface and a jump rope. If you don't have access to a jump rope you can just simulate the movement using your own body weight. So for today's workout we have clutch body shop athlete and fitness model superstar, Amber Elizabeth Dodd's white. Ready to kill it. So remember for today's workout and every workout in this trainer you can follow along in real time using your smartphone, tablet, computer or television. Okay so let's get started with the dynamic warm up. Each one of these exercises is going to be performed for 30 seconds. Your first exercise is jogging in place. Let's go. Starting now. So you really want to keep your shoulders loose. You're really just trying to get the body warm. You don't have to push it too hard but you definitely want to be an intensity of probably around a six or seven out of ten. Okay you have ten more seconds. Next exercise coming up you're going to go straight into your jumping jacks. Three, two, one switch. Okay so again she has a nice wide stance. She's not going 100% but she's still pushing it. The feeder coming out nice and wide which is warming up the legs. Five, four, three, two, one right into butt kicks. So with the butt kick exercise can you just rotate for them? So the butt kick exercise you're keeping your knee right underneath your hip and she's just coming right up and kicking her butt. This is going to warm up the hamstrings. Okay 15 seconds left. Again keeping the arms nice and loose throughout all of these exercises we're also warming up the upper body even though what you see is the lower body working. Good five seconds. So next up is a switch kick with arm circles ready. Go. So this is going to warm up the shoulders, the quads and the calves. 15 seconds. Good she's keeping her arms. Perfecticular with her shoulder. Good five, four, three, two, one right into high knees. So with this exercise you really want to make sure that you're bringing your knees all the way up past your belly button. This is going to help warm up the hip flexors and the abs. It's really important that before you exercise you go through dynamic movements like this so make sure that all your joints are lubricated and your muscles are really ready to perform the workout ahead. We've got the set, five, four, three, two, one, stop. So that is the conclusion of the dynamic warm up. Let's go straight into our stretching. So we're going to start with the seated floor hamstring stretch. And again, each one of these is going to be performed for 30 seconds as well. Her legs are straight. If you can't get all the way out to your feet, it's okay. Just go as far as you can go comfortably and you can grab onto your calves. It is really important though that when you are stretching you take yourself slightly out of your comfort zone. I see people at the gym kind of half-assing stretching and you're doing nothing if you're doing that. The idea is to really warm the muscle up. Okay, so now she's going to come back and relax and give it about five seconds and she's going to go right back into the next stretch. Performing stretches twice is really an advantage to the body because on the next stretch you'll see that it's much easier. You can go much farther with the stretch than you could on the first one. So let's go ahead and go right back into it. And again on the second round you're going to be performing the stretch for 30 seconds as well. I'm going to keep your head down. So your head should be down. You should feel the stretch all the way through the back. Okay, moving on to the next stretch which is a quad stretch. You can go for this stretch. You want to make sure that your knee is going straight to the ground. Pull back to where you're comfortable if you have difficulty standing in place and doing this stretch. It's okay to use a wall or whatever is nearby to keep your balance. Four, three, two, one. You're going to go right into the stretch one more time. To get while you're going through these stretch exercises you really want to make sure that you're breathing. I like to tell people that it's really important to kind of get your mindset right for what's ahead. This is an opportunity to really focus on kind of what your goal is for the workout and what you're trying to get out of it. Okay, switch to the other leg. Sometimes when I'm at the gym I see people that while they're stretching, checking social media or posting or doing things like before they're getting ready to get into a workout and that's not what you should be doing when you're in the gym. You really need to kind of tune everything from the outside world out and focus solely on what you're there to do. This is really an opportunity to get your head in the game. So use that opportunity wisely. Okay, 30 seconds. Let it shake it out. Okay, so she's shaking it out and she's going to go right back up again. Good. Actually, keep her knee. Okay, so I'm really trying to get her knee to be parallel to this knee here because that's really what's going to drive the stretch. If you see people doing a quad stretch and they're really not pulling the leg back far enough, that's not going to do a whole lot for you. Good. So five, four, three, two, one. Okay, good. Next stretch is going to be the sumo squat. Let's get into it. Okay, good. So Amber is really putting placing all of the weight on her heels here. This is to really open up the hips, stretch out the groin. A people who do a lot of sitting at a computer or you do a lot of squatting or running this is an area that sometimes gets drastically overlooked and this can lead to a lot of issues with the low back. So this is a really, really great stretch to do not just before you're working out but throughout the day. Good. Two, one. Come back up, shake it out and she's going to go right back down for the next step. I feel good. Okay, good. While she's going through these exercises, she's breathing. Very important to breathe while you're stretching again. Sometimes I see people, they're holding their breath while they're stretching, you're not doing yourself any favor by doing that. You need to pump oxygen into the body. Okay, three, two, one, back up. Okay, next up, we have a dynamic chest stretch. So with this exercise, Amber is going to be going through a movement. Just warming the chest up. You don't want to be tearing through this exercise. You don't want to be like feverishly swinging your arms because again, we're just warming up but we don't want to tear anything. We don't want to injure anything. Her arms are staying nice and loose. Good. Good. Five, four, three, two, one. Good. So she's going to just kind of shake out and move on to the next set of this. So each one of these exercises is designed to basically get your body ready for the cardio workout that you're about to do. Again, it's so important to go through dynamic warmups and stretching before you go into something that's high intensity which all the clutch body shop workouts are. So this is a great way to get the body prepared. Three, two, one, good. Shoulder across the chest. So Amber is going to go ahead and lift up. She's applying pressure to the elbow with this hand and bringing the arm across the body. With this stretch, I'm really trying to get into the delt and the rear delt to stretch that out. But the other thing about this stretch that's important to note is if you feel a contraction or pain in your chest, that means that you really need to work on your chest flexibility. Sometimes when you bring the arm across the body, the chest has a tendency to contract. If you're not working on your flexibility in that area enough. Okay, three, two, one. She's going to let this arm down. Bring it across again. Good. So if you guys are doing this at home, again, make sure that you're breathing through the stretches, make sure that you're staying nice and loose. Don't contract. The whole body, don't hold your breath. So often I see people going through these stretch exercises at the gym and they're literally red in the face as they're stretching. That's not the point of this. The point is to start pumping oxygen into your body and to prepare for the workout ahead. Okay, switch. Good. Okay, so she's going to go ahead and start on the other side now. But, and again, stretching also a known to most people. It also can help promote fat loss in the body because what studies have shown is that stretching because it's a relaxation technique. It can help promote lowering of cortisol levels, which, again, can promote better muscle definition, fat loss. It's not just something that is designed to stretch muscles out. Okay, two, one, shake it out. Go ahead and bring it back across. I've seen that with people that spend at least a day stretching it a week or add this at the beginning or the end of any workout. They're going to see better results in their body just because of the fact that the cortisol is dropping and because you're lengthening the muscles out throughout the workout, you're going to get your, how you go better power output. You have more leverage to make the movements happen because you're basically taking a muscle from here instead of here and then contracting. Okay, go ahead and stop. Okay, let's move on. Next up is a tricep stretch. And I'm just going to go ahead and she's going to bring that elbow up her arm as back. And she's using this hand again to just press lightly on her elbow, bringing the arm down. So you'll, you'll fill this in the tricep. A lot of you will also fill this coming down through your lap, which is another area that gets kind of overlooked with stretching and it's very important to keep this area nice and lengthened out because the lap can actually, because it attaches in the low back. If it's not lengthened out, it can really pull on that low back, which you don't want. Good, relax. It's going to shake it out. You're right back up. Good. So for those of you who are doing this at home, this is a stretch that you really want to make sure that that elbow is against your ear. You don't want to have your elbow all the way out here trying to perform this stretch. It should be pressed right against your head and pulled down. Good. Good. 3, 2, 1. Amber's going to go ahead and switch to the other side. 10 seconds left on this side. Good. 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Good. Shake it out. I'm back up. Okay, that's 10 more seconds left. Coming up we have the Iliosto-West stretch. She's going back down on the ground. 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Okay, good. So Amber's going to get into the Iliosto-West stretch next. She's going to be on one knee and she's going to put her foot slightly past 90 degrees. She's going to flex her glutes and then she's going to sink into this stretch. Once you have your balance, you want to bring your arm up and over your body and then come back. So your leaning back. What this is going to do is it's going to help bring a great stretch into this area. Good. Relax. Good. Just going to shake it out. Go right back into it. The Iliosto-West is a hip flexor that runs right through the core of your body and it attaches in your low back. If it gets too tight, it can cause a lot of back problems, tightness and spasm. So it's a great stretch to do with the beginning and end of any workout. If you're ever at your desk at work and you're feeling like a lot of tightness in your low back, this is your stretch. Good. So she wants to make sure that she's staying back. Good. Three, two, one. Good. So she's going to switch to the other side. Now, if you find that you're doing the stretch and you're not feeling it right through this area, you really, let's get Amber into the position first. Put your hand up. Okay. So if you're in this position and you're not feeling this stretch through here, it's really important that you start leaning back. So I want Amber to bring her body back so you're leaning back and into the stretch. You'll also feel this through parts of your groin. Good. Five, four, three, two, one. Good and stop. And she's going to go through this one more time. Also, this is great for the quad as well. Okay. Go ahead and get right back into it. Going to keep being the upper body totally straight. She's staying very tall while she's doing this. She's not leaning forward. So if you need to use a mirror while doing this, if you have one available to you, this is a great exercise to use a mirror for to make sure your body is in this perfect position. Five, four, three, two, one. Okay. Good. So next Amber is going to move into the low back stretch. So she's just going to lay on her back. And most of you have done this. Have done a stretch like this. Okay. She's just going to bring one knee over her body. Good. And she's going to rotate. Good. So this stretch is going to go right through the low back parts of the lat. And sometimes you'll even fill this in parts of your blue. Good. Ten seconds. Five, four, three, two, one. Good. Just going to come back over. And then coming right back over. Good. And you can use this hand on this side. If you want to get a better stretch to really use to press against your hip, if you don't have obviously a partner helping you stretch, that'll just help accentuate the stretch even further. Because sometimes using your own body, what you can't get quite far enough. Got 10 seconds. Nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Okay. Good. So now Amber is going to switch to the other side. Again, bringing that knee down to the ground and keeping everything very relaxed through the leg. And you can use that hand to press your hip further towards the floor to really get deeper into the stretch. This arm should be totally relaxed. You'll also feel a slight chest stretch with this exercise, which is great. Good. So we've got six, five, four, three, two, one. Good. So you can shake it out and move right back across. Good. Sometimes when I see people do this stretch, I'll see this arm start to lift up off the ground. That's not what you want to do. You want to keep that arm nice and relaxed because again, through all these stretches, there's always secondary muscles that are also being stretched. So with this stretch, it's the chest, which is great, right? Because we use our chest a lot for push-ups for this routine, everything from that to overhead press. So it's very important that we keep that nice and stretched. Okay. Three, two, one. Good and stuff. So Amber's going to go ahead and move into a glute stretch next. She's just going to sit up. She's going to cross one leg across the other. And she's going to use this arm to pull her knee into her body. Keeping this leg nice and straight. Good. Eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two. Good. So she's just going to shake it out for a second and bring it right back up. So again, she's breathing. She's keeping her upper body nice and tall. She's not leaning into the stretch. Ten seconds left. Nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Good. She's going to shake that side out and she can move onto the next side. So again, pulling. The knee across. If you don't feel this stretch enough when you pull the knee across, try and twist your leg more this way. That's going to help really pull more glute into the stretch. Good. Just about ten seconds left. Five, four, three, two, and one. It's great. So Amber is shaking now. She's breathing the leg right back across. Again, using that arm to bring the across and you can see she's just shifted her body weight. So now she's kind of opening up that again. That'll help really open up the low back as well. So you can stay in that original position or if you're trying to get more of a low back stretch. You can also twist your body slightly. We've got five seconds left. Five, four, three, two, one. Good. So now we're going to get right into the first circuit of the cardio workout stretching is over. Go ahead, you'll, if you're using a mat, just go ahead and get it out of the way and get ready for the first circuit. So we're going to go ahead and get into the first circuit of this cardio workout. Every single one of these exercises is going to be for 30 seconds. So let's go ahead and get started. Your first exercise is a slow control jog. Hey, good. So Amber is just balancing and switching from one foot to the other. She's bringing her knees up, working the abs, working the calves, working the upper body. Good. As you're doing this, you want to stay tall. You want to be engaging your abs. You want to be keeping your upper body nice and loose. Got five more seconds. Okay, great. So now we're going to move into a high knee jog. So the intensity is ramping up. Amber's got her knees going. We've doubled the speed. Good. Her arms are straight. Good. She's got 15 seconds left. As you're doing this, make sure you're breathing, bringing those knees all the way up. This is going to shred your abs out. It's really important. Don't let your knees drop below your belly button. Good. Five, four, three, two, one. She's got punches next. So you're going to get in her stance. She's going to work it back and forth, back and forth. Make sure you're punching all the way out. You're not short-cutting your punches. Good. She's also working her core while doing this exercise. You keep your core nice and tight. Working that transverse plane emotion is great for the core. Every one of these exercise in this cardio workout really works the entire body. If you make sure to contract properly. Okay, we've got three, two, one. She's going to go ahead and move into the next exercise. This is a slide jump shot. So she's literally just sliding across, shooting a basketball, sliding across, shooting a basketball. Good. So this is going to work. The quads, this is working her explosive movement. This is working the upper body. It brings you right back to the old school times. You're in junior high or high school in your old gym, which is great. I love doing cardio workouts that aren't just treadmill, stuff like that. Doing these sorts of movements are completely different. It takes your body completely out of its comfort zone. Two, and one. Okay, good. So now she's going to move into a power squat. So with this exercise, it's really important to do is to make sure you're not coming down past 90 degrees. You're keeping the majority of your weight in yet heel. That's going to go right up through your hamstring and really work the glutes. You got 10 more seconds left. Five, four, three, two, one. Okay, perfect. So now we're going to move into a defensive slide. And we're just going to line up. Good. So good. This is just straight up back in the basketball days when you used to tap the due defensive drill after defensive drill. This is great for the legs. And it works laterally, right? So so many, so many equipment pieces at the gym only work front to back. But to get those beautiful lines of definition coming in, the lateral and medial parts of the leg. This is an amazing exercise for that. Good, three, two, and one. Good. Okay, so next step is a vertical mountain climber. So you guys have to mountain climbers, you know, where you're on your hands. This is working straight up and down. So I want those hands coming all the way up. Good, she's pushing all the way up. Good, she's bringing her knees all the way up just like she was in the high knees at the beginning of this day. So this is a killer cardio exercise. It's deceivingly hard, but don't shortcut it. Don't start bringing your arms down. Bring those knees all the way up. Three, two, one. Okay, good. So next step is switch feet. Just keeping your legs nice and straight, bringing them out. This really works the quads and the calves nicely. It's a great agility exercise as well for any of those athletes out there. Again, Amber is using her arms just like you would if you were running. Good. It's got five seconds left. Five, four, three, two, and one. Good. So next step, we're going to go into a half tuck jump. Go ahead. So again, your knees are just coming up. And a half way up to your waist. Again, this is going to work incredible exercise for your abs. Your legs, your calves, and burns a ton of fat. You need a lot of body control to complete this movement. So just engage the core. Get your core going. At this point of the workout, you're getting tired. You're sweating. You're breathing hard. Keep going. Five, four, three, two, one. Okay, great. So last exercise of this round. It's a square hot. So Amber is going to get in her square. Good. So she's going to go around the square one time. You're going to reverse the way that she's going around. Again, it's these lateral movements. Just bring in beautiful lines of definition to the legs. Amber and a ton, a ton of calories. Good. So also great for athletes who are looking to improve their conditioning, their agility. They're moving on the field and on the court. Good. Four, three, two, one. Great. Good job, guys. That's the end of circuit one. Now, when it comes to rest, I prefer that you try and make it as short as possible, but you can really take 15 seconds all the way up to a minute. Every single week, these rest periods should be getting shorter, but make sure that you're really pushing through the first circuit, pushing through the circuit and then taking the rest that you need so that you can ramp up for the next one. Please do not exceed over a minute and 15 seconds between each round. Get your energy back up, get your mind in the right place and let's begin. So starting off with exercise one, flow control jog. This is your last round of this circuit. Make sure you keep your intensity up. Don't have acid. If you're going to get out of this program, exactly what you put in. Just like anything else in life. Good. Coming up on five seconds left, five, four, three, two, one. Okay, moving right into a high knee jog. Good. So Amber is still bringing her knees up. She's keeping the her intensity high. She's keeping her speed just what it was at round one. There's about 15 seconds left. Keeping the arms going. Abs tight. Good. Five, four, three, two, one. Great. So next we're moving right into punches, getting position. Ready? Go ahead. Good. Again, we're punching all the way out. The intensity is up. We're not pulling punches. We're not doing it at half speed. This is the last round of this circuit. We're going all out. Good. About 15 seconds left. You guys are halfway there. Good. Course tight. Her feet are firm on the ground. 10 seconds left. Good. Five, four, three, two, one. Next up, slide jump shot. Go ahead and get position. Shake your legs out if you need to. And begin. Go ahead again. You want to stay as low as possible with this slide. By this last round, what your body's going to want to do is stand up and slide. Stay low. Stay low and explode. Low and explode. Going about 15 seconds left. You guys are halfway there. Good. 10 seconds. Five seconds. Five, four. Three, two, one. Go shake it out. Right into our power squat. So again, Amber's only coming down to 90 degrees. Exploding right back up, her weight is in her heels. You're doing these at home. Please make sure you do not come down from that 90 degree angle. It really puts a lot of pressure on the knees. Good. And again, squeezing your butt as you come up. I tell clients all the time, like you're picking up a piece of paper. That'll really, if you really think that thought it seems silly, but it will work. Three, two, one. Okay, moving on to the next exercise. Defensive slide. Amber, go ahead and get position. And begin. So again, the key to this exercise stay low and get out of these turns as quickly as possible. Good. Good. You guys are about halfway there. Keep the intensity up. Get in and out of these turns as quickly as you can. This floor today is a little bit slippery, but if you are on gym mat or you have carpet, really push yourself with this change of direction. Five, four, three, two, one. Good. Moving on to the next exercise. Vertical mountain climbers, Amber's going to get in position. Got to take a breather if you need it just a couple of seconds deep breath and move right into it. Good. Again, pushing those arms all the way up. Like you're punching up. You're punching your ceiling out. These are coming high. Good. Good. Amber, keep your feet up. You should be doing the same at all. Make sure you're pushing through these exercises. I know you're tired. Keep your intensity up. Got to just about five seconds left. Five, four, three, two, and one. Let's shake it out. Okay, moving right into switch feet. Keep your legs straight. The more straight you keep your legs, the more your quads are going to burn. Try as much as you can to just keep it totally straight. Don't have any bend in your knee. They get an abstrate, core straight intensity with the arms. Believe it or not, these types of workouts will bring definition in. You'll bring definition into your arms without ever even lifting away. Good. Five seconds left. Five, four, three, two, and one. Good. Shake it out. Alright, moving right into half tough jumps. There we go. Again, bringing the knees halfway up. Try and hit the ground as softly as possible. Sometimes when I'm at the gym, I see people doing plyometric movements and landing like this. I once had a coach say to me, I want you to land like you're trying to sneak up on me. Like an ninja. That's how you want to land when you're doing anything that's jumping. It's really going to help preserve the body from getting that high impact. Those high impact kind of aches and pains. Good. Five seconds left. Four, three, two, one. Great. Moving right into the next exercise. Shake it out. Last exercise of this round. Square hop. Give this all you have because right after this we're taking a break. Good. Look at that intensity of speed. Good. Great transition between movements. Good. We're halfway there. Just about 10 seconds left. Keep the energy up. Come on. You guys push through. Block it out in your mind. Keep going. Keep up right before the end. Five, four, three, two, and one. Good job guys. That's the end of that round. Go ahead and take a break. Have some water if you need it. All right. Guys, we are halfway done with this workout about to start circuit number two starting with a lateral speed knee. Amber is going to go ahead and get us started and go. So what you're doing on these is you're doing it at a count of three one two three pushing off that outside foot and coming right back. Do not play it that inside foot. She's keeping that inside foot up. That's because I really want the body to be stressed in and out of this lateral movement. If you drop your foot, it's not as difficult. Good about 10 seconds left. Again, keeping the core nice and tight. Five seconds. Three, two, one. Good. Right away, we're going to move into our football up downs starting with fast feet every five seconds. She's going to drop. But in drop. Good. Two, one, drop. Good. And drop. Good. And drop. Good. Two more. Good. Good. And drop. Last one. And drop. Good job. Good job at home. Moving right into our feet jacks. So this is like a half jumping jack. You're just bringing your arms out and your feet out. You went through a big compound movement to now a smaller movement to give your body adequate rest. If you need to take more rest between exercises to be able to go full speed that's fine. But please limit it to 10 seconds at the most. Good. About 10 seconds left. Keeping our arms coming out. Good. Trying to five second countdown five, four, three, two, and one. Okay. Moving on to the next exercise. Which is a plyo jumping jack. Good. So this is like a normal jumping jack. Except amped up, right. So as you're coming up, you're just exploding off of the ground. Amber, so you need these amazingly. Again, get all the way out with your arms, all the way out with your feet. Good halfway there. Keep exploding up. Keep forcing those legs out. That's what's going to bring the definition into the legs. Five, four, three, two, and one. Great. Take a breather. We're going to move into many split squats next. So if these guys are split squat, except you're not coming down all the way. Again, it's a fast move. You want to get those legs switched out really quickly. Make sure with this exercise, you're not leaning forward. You want to stay totally upright and straight. Good halfway there. Again, make sure that you're staying straight. Keep the front foot. Keep all the weight on your heel. Good. Five, four, three, two, and one. All right, so we're moving right into a switch kick. Amber's got her legs nice and straight. You guys already did this in the previous circuit. So you know what's up with this exercise. Keep your arms going. Like straight. Really keep the core tight. Good. Stay light on your feet. Good halfway there. Your arms moving. Again, a lot of these exercises will still bring definition into the arms without ever even lifting away. Four, three, two, and one. All right, shake it out. Moving on to our next exercise. Just going to be a running lunge with two feet jack. So what you're going to do is you're going to do four running lunges and then you're moving right into a knee jack. So Amber will go ahead and demo exactly how that needs to go. One, two, three, and four, one, two. Good. One, two, three, and four, one, two. You can do these. You can make it a stationary movement or if you want, you can also move forward. Good halfway there you guys. I know this exercise is challenging because it's a compound movement but keep going, keep pushing through. Good, five seconds. Two, and one. Good. Shake it out. Now, for those of you who feel this exercise is too hard for you because of the plyometric element of the lunge, you can also just do a regular lunge and then do two of the half-jacks. Okay, so now we're going to move into dynamic jumps. Amber, go ahead and get in position. So this is a jump, but she's going to be covering ground. She's going to be moving forward. So coming down to 90 degrees, then jumping out, landing softly and jumping right back out. Good. So once you get the hang of this and you get the balance portion of it, you can speed it up a little bit. There we go. Perfect. Depending on how much space you have, you can do three jumps. You can do two jumps. You can jump all the way across the gym for 30 seconds. Just depends on where you're working out today. Good. Five more seconds. Four, three, two, and one. Good. Moving on to the next exercise. Speed skaters. Right. So Amber is going to go ahead. So another lateral movement. She's going to jump to the side and bring that other leg right behind her. Great. So this is a great movement for the leg. This great movement for the glutes. Sure again, you're keeping your core nice and tight. Good. Just about halfway there. Good. About five seconds left. Five, four, three, two, and one. Okay. Next exercise. Jump rope. Have Amber go ahead and get her jump rope. If you at home have it jump rope, downs your time to get it. If you don't have a jump rope, you can do this without one. Just use your own body weight and imagination. Get your arms going. Good. So for 30 seconds. If you mess up while you're jumping rope, don't worry about it. Start again. Start again. I see so many people when they're jumping rope. Biggest mistake they make is they get pissed off when the jump rope hits them. And then they spend 20 seconds kind of lamenting about it. Just keep going. It's not a big deal. Good. Ten seconds left. Five, four, three, two, and one. Great job. You guys, that's the end of that round. Go ahead and take a break. 15 to 60 seconds. Get some water. Stretch out if you need to. All right. We're moving right into our lateral speed knee. Amber is in position. Let's go ahead and get started. Good. So again, keeping your energy up, you've already made it through one round. You're probably a little bit tired. Block it. Really, really focus on what your goal is. Doing this program. Boasting solely on your goal through something hard will really help carry you through. Don't think about the fact that you're out of breath. Just keep pushing. All right. So we've got five seconds left. Four, three, two, and one. Great. Okay. Moving right into our football up downs. Let's go ahead and get started. Good and down. Good, down. Good, down. Down. You got two more. And down. Last one, you guys keep going. Keep going. And down. Good. Take five seconds. Shake it out. Next up, we have feet jacks. We're ready to go. All right. Let's go ahead and get started. Remember, you want to bring your arms out along with your feet with these. It's like a half jumping jack. Should those arms are coming out. This movement, even if it's bodyweight, still works. Your shoulders brings great lines of definition in. Any sort of movement that works upper and lower body is going to burn a ton of calories. So make sure you're not shortcutting any portion of any of these exercises. Five, four, three, two, and one. Okay. Let's move right into the next exercise. Which is a plyo jumping jack. Good. So again, you're exploding out. Get your hands all the way up just like amber is. Make sure you're forcing your feet out. Your halfway there. You guys, I know that you're tired by this point in the workout. Find your motivation. Why are you doing this program? What made you start this? What made you watch the video on day one? It's really important to keep all of those things in mind. About three seconds, three, two, and one. Good. Moving right into the next exercise. Many split squats. There we go. So again, you're not coming all the way down to that 90 degrees. This is really, this is a great exercise not just for the legs, but also for balance. A lot of people at the gym. They do a lot of powerful movements, but if you ask them to stand on one leg, they can't. This is a great exercise for balance as well. Five more seconds. Here we go. Four, three, two, and one. Good. Moving on to the next exercise. To the switch kick. I can't keep your legs nice and straight. Get your arms going. The faster you move your arms, the faster your legs will go. Make sure you're bringing your arms all the way up. This will work the biceps. It will work the shoulders and it will work the chest. You bring the intensity into the exercise. Good. About eight seconds left. We go five, four, three, two, and one. Good. Moving on to the next exercise. Running forward lunge and jack feet on a four, two count. One, two, three, and four. And then two of the jack feet. One, two, three, and four. Jack feet again. If you're doing this at home and this movement is two advance for you is okay. Do a walking lunge. About halfway there, you guys keep pushing. You're breathing hard. Ready and five, four, three, two, and one. Okay, good. Take a couple seconds, shake it out. Take a couple deep breaths of air and we'll move into our dynamic jumps. All right, let's get us started. Here we go. Good. Amherst got perfect form on these. Her butt is not dropping lower than 90 degrees. Again, dropping lower than 90 really makes you susceptible to knee injuries. She's exploding out. She's landing softly. Again, land like an ninja. Don't. Land like this. Good. Five seconds left. Four, three, two, and one. Great job. Let's rest. About five seconds. Walk it out. All right, moving on to our next exercise. Speed skaters. Go ahead and get behind here. All right, Amherst going to push off of that foot and bring the other leg behind. Good. Really, really push out the off those feet, you guys. You want to try and cover as much ground as you possibly can with each one of these reps. Good. About halfway there. Good. Coming up on five seconds left. Good. Five, four, three, two, and one. Job. Take five seconds, shake it out. All right, go ahead and get your jump rope. This is going to be our last exercise of this round. Good. And again, you best up with the jump rope. Just keep going. Don't think about it. Don't stop. Don't get frustrated. Just keep going. Again, you guys. This is the last exercise you really want to go 100%. Keep pushing. Let's go ahead and count it down. We've got nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Done. Good job, you guys. Get some water. Take a break. So for the core workout, you have two different circuits that you're going to repeat twice. Each exercise is 20 seconds with as many reps as possible. First exercise is sitting twist. Let's go ahead and get right into it. Michael's going to get seated. His feet are up. And he's just going to twist. Now, if you want to do this exercise using a medicine ball or a dumbbell that's completely fine for our first day, we're just going to straight up body weight. Good, about halfway there. Keeping his core nice and tight. Good, five, four, three, two, one. Right into a plank. Good. So if you can see that he's got a nice straight line actually going to have him cut up just to tack. You really want to make sure that your hips are not dropping down. That was what really leads your low backs to acceptable on this exercise. His elbows are right beneath his shoulder. He's in the perfect plank position right now. Good. Good. One. Okay. Right into butt ups. So Michael is back on his back. His feet are up. And he's just going to touch up to my hand. Perfect. So his head is down. His hands are secured at his side. And again, you really just want to force your butt off the ground and come straight up in a line. Good. And five, four, three, two, and one time. Good. Right into heel touches. Yep. So right back down. And he's just alternating side to side. Again, he's already at a flex position. His starting position is flexed. So he's not resting at all. This is constant tension on the abs. And again, you guys, you want to try and get in as many reps as you can in these 20 seconds. Good. Five, four, three, two, and one time. Right into V-sit. So Michael's going to sit up. Modified V-sit is good at yep, and he's crossing over. Perfect. The three-quires leg strength, the dominal strength. Good. And he's keeping his core nice and tight as hands are secured at his sides. Good. And just five more seconds. Five, four, three, two, and one. Good. Right into 100. So he's back down. And he's just tapping his hands right to his heels. Trying to come all the way up to your heels. There we go. Again, he's not resting. His starting position. His there's already tension in his abs. Perfect. And ten seconds left. He's feeling it. I can tell. Five, four, three, two, and one time. Right into plank step up. So he's going to flip right over. He's in the plank position. And he's right up on those hands. So again, he's bringing his hand right underneath his shoulder. Perfect. Don't cheat this. People I see that want to come out to hear to cheat the tension off of the tries up in the shoulder. Don't do it that way. That's also going to take the tension off of your obliques. And that is not what we want. Good. And time. Right into our plank walkout. So Michael's just inching out, inch by inch. And then he's coming right back. Good. It's a small movement. Don't go out too far. That's going to make your backs susceptible. You're just inching out. This is a great exercise. Especially going plank right into this. It's extremely difficult. Good. And time. Right into a cross crunch. So he's back on his butt. Back in that starting position. Good. And he's coming straight up and touching the top of his knee. Really squeezing. That's the most important part when you are doing crunches. Is that on the way back down. You're not just relaxing. You really want to keep tension all the way through the movement. Good. Five, four, three, two, and one. Right into bicycle crunches. There we go. He's crossing it over, bringing the knees all the way in and out. Good. And about 10 seconds left. You should be breathing hard. Your abs should be burning. You should be pushing. And five, four, three, two, one. Perfect. That's the end around. One. Let's get right into round two with seated twists. Perfect. Oh, he's on it. His feet are up, coarse tight. You guys should really be pushing through these. Getting as many reps in as possible. These 20 seconds. Good. Five, four, three, two, and one. Right into our next exercise. Plank. All right. So Michael's back. Back around. His elbow is right underneath his shoulder. Perfect. He's at a perfect position. A lot of times I see people do this exercise. They've got their torso is kind of sinking down. That is a big, big, big, big, no, no. That leaves you very, very open to injury. You want to stay in a perfect line with your body. A three, two, one. Right into butt-ups. Perfect. Let's go. Okay. So his head is nice and relaxed. And he's just launching those legs right off the ground. Right into butt-ups. Perfect. Let's go. Okay. So his head is nice and relaxed. And he's just launching those legs right off the ground. You're going to feel this D-C-C-Bin-eraps. Again, you should be winded. I can hear that he's winded. You should be winded at home. This should be taxing you cardio-vascularly. And five, four, three, two, and one time. Moving right into heel touches. Twenty seconds. How many reps can you do? Every single round you should be pushing to get more reps in. Every week you should be improving. Good. Ten seconds left. Good. And five, four, three, two, and one time. Right into butt-up. Right into butt-up. V-sets. All right. So he's back up. Here we go. Good. That's perfect. Killing it. You really want to keep your legs nice and straight. If you need more support, you can put your hands behind you while you do this exercise. Get him four, three, two, one. Good. Right into hundreds. Back down. Here we go. Good. These little crunches, these tiny movements. Really, really work the abs. They're deceivingly hard. They're deceivingly amazing too for getting results in your abs. They really create those nice, deep cuts that everybody wants. Good. Three, two, and one time. Plank step-up. So let's get into it. It's Michael's flipping back around. Nice transition there. Perfect. Good. Good. He's going to try and get 10 on this side and they move right onto the other side. Perfect. Good. Just about five seconds left. Five, four, three, two, one. Perfect. Right into a plank walkout. How you feeling? There we go. That's what it should be doing. There's no mistake in where my core. Yeah. That's right. Every exercise we're doing, we're really firing every single muscle of the core. So often I see people working core front to back. We're working it from all angles today. Go to three, two, one time. Right into a cross crunch. He's going to flip back around. Here we go. Again, everything is tight. He's not letting go when he's on his kind of downswing of this exercise. He's staying in a position where the abs are constantly engaged. Good. And seven, six, five, four, three, two, and one time. Right into a bicycle. There we go. This is the type of pace that you guys want to try and be at. He's really, really pushing it. Perfect. Good. Perfect. Over halfway there. Good. Perfect. Over halfway there. And five. Four, three, two, one. Great. So that's the end of circuit. One lets move right into circuit two with his shoulder bridge. Michaels is going to get himself into position. Good. So he's got his feet planted firmly on the ground. And he's just lifting his hips off the ground, pushing right through his heel. Head is firmly on the ground, his hands are on the ground, he's keeping the rest of his body nice and relaxed. Good. Four, three, two, one. Now we're gonna move into the quadra-ped alternating. You know, flip back over, he's coming right out, giving it a nice second or two to stay in that flex position and then switching right back over. We've worked the front of the body, now we're working the back side of the body. Perfect, this is a great exercise for stabilization. I use it with all my clients, especially with my athletes and one good right back into our shoulder bridge. Perfect, so he's back down, perfect. You really wanna be squeezing and pushing your hips as high up to the sky as you possibly can. If you feel any tension in your low back, just move your feet towards your butt just slightly. Just that little adjustment, we'll take a lot of pressure off the low back, squeeze it, good. Two and one, right back over. Good. Last set, we are so close, perfect. Twenty seconds. Again, notice Michael isn't just swinging, he's making sure that he's got his leg out, his arm out and he's stabilized before he's moving on to the other side. Five, four, three, two and one time. Time. I feel, I can feel it. Got the abs? Yeah, great job you guys, that's it for your core workout. I'll see you back here tomorrow.