There are a lot of differences between the 24-7 fitness trainer and any other program that's ever been released on bodybuilding.com or really in the marketplace. This is for any person that wants to dramatically transform their body and be able to maintain or even improve upon the results that they're getting 365 days a year. We are making it so that you can choose whether you want to use this program to shred fat or build muscle. You're going to see results really, really fast. With clutch cut, people saw a loss in body fat and average of 10 to 15 pounds over three weeks. With this program, you can expect to see no same accelerated results, but we're giving you the tools you need to continue it on. So we're going to go ahead and get into the first circuit of this cardio workout. Your first exercise is a slow controlled job. So what is really exciting about the workout portion of this 24-7 fitness trainer is that it's completely different than anything that's ever been done on bodybuilding.com. All of the workouts are shot in real time. So that means whether you're at home in the gym, in your hotel room, you can follow along at home with me and the clutch body shop athletes that are doing the program. So you can watch these videos on your smartphone at the gym, on your TV, if you're at home, or on your tablet, if you're traveling, which makes it so easy for you to stay on track. Every workout is 30 to 45 minutes. So as our athletes are doing it, you're doing it as well. Moving on to the next exercise, jumping jacks. You go all out 10 seconds per exercise. 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Go, we're going to get right into butt kicks. Every day you're going to be doing something different in regards to your workout. The idea is after the 28 days, you can take the workout program, the supplement plan, and the nutrition plan, and really use it to continue to progress through your workout. So for example, if somebody starts out day one and they can only do a push-up from their knees, that's fine because six weeks in, the hope would be that you would be doing a plyometric push-up. So one of the other great things about this program is that you need little or no equipment at all to complete these workouts, which makes it super, super easy. It's really a no-excuse approach to getting you results, getting you in and out of the gym, and making it something that you can maintain no matter where you are. 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Time. Let's see, end of your strength. One workout, I'll see you back here tomorrow for your cardio workout. So one of the other things that I want to encourage you to do is to do a workout. The second thing that you do is as you're going through this program, make sure you post pictures, motivational tips, recipes using the hashtag ClutchLife so that you can find people who may be encountering the same kind of roadblocks or obstacles or lack of motivation, and we can help push each other through those times and provide you with additional tools. You really need to commit to the program as it's written, do everything as it's outlined because if you do that, you're going to have success for these 28 days and 365 thereafter. Make sure you're uploading those progress picks, motivational tools, and anything else ClutchLife related to your body space account. To the next thing you need to do before starting the ClutchLife 24-7 fitness trainer is you need to watch the supplement and the nutrition videos to make sure that you have everything that you need to start the program.