All right, let's get today started with your cardio workout. So today's workout, you're going to start with a dynamic warmup. You're going to then move into your stretching and then you're going to do two cardio circuits. So for today's workout, you just need your own body weight, a stretch mat if you're working on a hard surface and a jump rope. If you don't have access to a jump rope, you can just simulate the movement using your own body weight. So for today's workout, we have clutch body shop athlete and fitness model superstar, Amber Elizabeth Dodd's white. Ready to kill it. So remember, for today's workout and every workout in this trainer, you can follow along in real time using your smartphone, tablet, computer or television. Okay, so let's get started with a dynamic warmup. Each one of these exercises is going to be performed for 30 seconds. Your first exercise is jogging in place. Let's go. 30 now. So you really want to keep your shoulders loose. You're really just trying to get the body warm. You don't have to push it too hard, but you definitely want to be an intensity, probably around a six or seven out of ten. Okay, you have ten more seconds. Next exercise coming up, you're going to go straight into your jumping jacks. Three, two, one, switch. Okay, so again, she has a nice wide stance. She's not going 100% but she's still pushing it. The feeder coming out nice and wide, which is warming up the legs. Five, four, three, two, one right into butt kicks. So with the butt kick exercise, can you just rotate from them? So the butt kick exercise, you're keeping your knee right underneath your hip and she's just coming right up and kicking her butt. This is going to warm up the hamstrings. Okay, 15 seconds left. Again, keeping the arms nice and loose. Throughout all of these exercises, we're also warming up the upper body, even though what you see is the lower body working. Good, five seconds. So next up is a switch kick with arm circles. Ready, go. So this is going to warm up the shoulders, the quads and the calves. Good. 15 seconds. Good, she's keeping her arms perpendicular with her shoulder. Good, five, four, three, two, one right into high knees. So with this exercise, you really want to make sure that you're bringing your knees all the way up past your belly button. This is going to help warm up the hip flexors and the abs. It's really important that before you exercise, you go through dynamic movements like this. So make sure that all your joints are lubricated and your muscles are really ready to perform the workout ahead. Yeah, we've got the set, five, four, three, two, one, stop. So that is the conclusion of the dynamic warm up. Let's go straight into our stretching. So we're going to start with the seated floor hamstring stretch. And again, each one of these is going to be performed for 30 seconds as well. Her legs are straight. If you can't get all the way out to your feet, it's okay. Just go as far as you can go comfortably and you can grab onto your calves. It is really important though that when you are stretching, you take yourself slightly out of your comfort zone. I see people at the gym kind of half-assing stretching and you're doing nothing if you're doing that. The idea is to really warm the muscle up. Okay, so now she's going to come back and relax and give it about five seconds and she's going to go right back into the next stretch. Performing stretches twice are really an advantage to the body because on the next stretch, you'll see that it's much easier. You can go much farther with the stretch than you put on the first one. So let's go ahead and go right back into it. And again, on the second round, you're going to be performing the stretch for 30 seconds as well. And keep your head down. So your head should be down. You should feel the stretch all the way through the back. Okay, moving on to the next stretch, which is a quad stretch. You can get yourself for this stretch. You want to make sure that your knee is going straight to the ground. Pull back to where you're comfortable. If you have difficulty standing in place and doing this stretch, it's okay to use a wall or whatever is nearby to keep your balance. So we're going to go right into the stretch one more time. So again, while you're going through these stretch exercises, you really want to make sure that you're breathing, I like to tell people that it's really important to kind of get your mindset right for what's ahead. This is an opportunity to really focus on kind of what your goal is for the workout and what you're trying to get out of it. Good five, four, three, two, one. Okay, switch to the other leg. Sometimes when I'm at the gym, I see people that while they're stretching, checking social media or posting or doing things like before they're getting ready to get into a workout. And that's not what you should be doing when you're in the gym. You really need to kind of tune everything from the outside world out and focus solely on what you're there to do. This is really an opportunity to get your head in the game. So use that opportunity wisely. Okay, 30 seconds, let it shake it out. Good, so she's shaking it out and she's going to go right back up again. Good, sure, keep your knee. Good, so I'm really trying to get her knee to be parallel to this knee here because that's really what's going to drive the stretch. You see people doing a quad stretch and they're really not pulling the leg back far enough. That's not going to do a whole lot for you. Good, so five, four, three, two, one. Okay, good. Next stretch is going to be the sumo squat. Let's get into it. Okay, good, so Amber is really putting placing all of the weight on her heels here. This is to really open up the hips, stretch out the groin. A people who do a lot of sitting at a computer or you do a lot of squatting or running. This is an area that sometimes gets drastically overlooked in this can lead to a lot of issues with the low back. So this is a really, really great stretch to do not just before you're working out but throughout the day. Good, two, one, come back up, shake it out and she's going to go right back down for the next step. I feel good. Okay, good, again, while she's going through these exercises, she's breathing. Very important to breathe while you're stretching again. Sometimes I see people, they're holding their breath while they're stretching. You're not doing yourself any favor by doing that. You need to pump oxygen into the body. Okay, three, two, one, back up. Okay, next up we have a dynamic chest stretch. So with this exercise, Amber is going to be going through a movement. Just warming the chest up. You don't want to be tearing through this exercise. You don't want to be like feverishly swinging your arms because again, we're just warming up. But we don't want to tear anything. We don't want to injure anything. Or arms are staying nice and loose. Five, four, three, two, one, good. So she's going to just kind of shake out and move on to the next set of this. So each one of these exercises is designed to basically get your body ready for the cardio workout that you're about to do. Again, it's so important to go through dynamic warmups and stretching before you go into something that's high intensity, which all the clutch body shop workouts are. So this is a great way to get the body prepared. Three, two, one, good. Shoulder across the chest. So Amber is going to go ahead and lift up. She's applying pressure to the elbow with this hand and bringing the arm across the body. With this stretch, I'm really trying to get into the delt and the rear delt to stretch that out. The other thing about this stretch that's important to note is if you feel a contraction or pain in your chest, that means that you really need to work on your chest flexibility. Sometimes when you bring the arm across the body, the chest has a tendency to contract. If you're not working on your flexibility in that area enough, okay, three, two, one, she's going to let this arm down. I'm bringing it across again. Good. So if you guys are doing this at home, again, make sure that you're breathing through the stretches, make sure that you're staying nice and loose. Don't contract the whole body. Don't hold your breath. So often I see people going through these stretch exercises at the gym and they're literally red in the face as they're stretching. That's not the point of this. The point is to start pumping oxygen into your body and to prepare for the workout ahead. Switch. Good. Okay, so she's going to go ahead and start on the other side now. Good. And again, stretching also a known to most people. It also can help promote fat loss in the body because what studies have shown is that stretching because it's a relaxation technique, it can help promote lowering of cortisol levels, which again can promote better muscle definition, fat loss. It's not just something that is designed to stretch muscles out. Okay, two, one. Shake it out. Go ahead and bring it back across. I've seen that with people that spend at least a day stretching it a week or at this at the beginning or the end of any workout, they're going to see better results in their body just because of the fact that the cortisol is dropping and because you're lengthening the muscles out throughout the workout, you're going to get your, how you go better power output. You have more leverage to make the movements happen because you're basically taking a muscle from here instead of here and then contracting. Okay, go ahead and stop. Okay, let's move on. Next up is a tricep stretch. And we're just going to go ahead and she's going to bring that elbow up her arm is back and she's using this hand again to just press lightly on her elbow, bringing the arm down. So you'll feel this in the tricep. A lot of you will also feel this coming down through your lap, which is another area that gets kind of overlooked with stretching and it's very important to keep this area nice and lengthened out because the lap can actually, you know, because it attaches in the low back, if it's not lengthened out, it can really pull on that low back, which you don't want. Good, relax. It's going to shake it out. Okay, right back up. Good. So for those of you who are doing this at home, this is a stretch that you really want to make sure that that elbow is against your ear. You don't want to have your elbow all the way out here trying to perform this stretch. It should be pressed right against your head and pulled down. Okay, go three, two, one, Amber's going to go ahead and switch to the other side. Okay, 10 seconds left on this side. Good. Five, four, three, two, one, go. Shake it out. Come back up. Okay, that 10 more seconds left. Coming up, we have the Iliostoe stretch. She's going back down on the ground. Five, four, three, two, one. Okay, good. So Amber's going to get into the Iliostoe stretch next. She's going to be on one knee and she's going to put her foot slightly past 90 degrees. She's going to flex her glutes and then she's going to sink into this stretch. Once you have your balance, you want to bring your arm up and over your body and then come back. So you're leaning back. What this is going to do is it's going to help bring a great stretch into this area. Good. Okay, relax. Good. Just going to shake it out. Go right back into it. The Iliostoe as is a hip flexor that runs right through the core of your body and it attaches in your low back. If it gets too tight, it can cause a lot of back problems, tightness and spasm. So it's a great stretch to do it. The beginning and end of any workout. If you're ever at your desk at work and you're feeling like a lot of tightness in your low back, this is your stretch. Okay, so she wants to make sure that she's staying back. Good. Three, two, one. Good. So she got to switch to the other side. Now, if you find that you're doing this stretch and you're not feeling it right through this area, you really, let's get Amber into the position first. Put your hand up. Okay. So if you're in this position and you're not feeling this stretch through here, it's really important that you start leaning back. So I want Amber to bring her body back. So you're leaning back and into the stretch. You'll also feel this through parts of your groin. Good. Five, four, three, two, one. Good and stop. And she's gonna go through this one more time. Also, this is great for the quad as well. Okay, go ahead and get right back into it. I think I keep in the upper body totally straight. She's staying very tall. While she's doing this, she's not leaning forward. So if you need to use a mirror while doing this, if you have one available to you, this is a great exercise to use a mirror for it. Make sure your body is in this perfect position. Five, four, three, two, one. Okay, good. So next Amber is gonna move into the low back stretch. So she's just gonna lay on her back. And most of you have done this. Have done a stretch like this. Okay, she's just gonna bring one knee over her body. Good and she's gonna rotate. Good. So this stretch is gonna go right through the low back parts of the lat. And sometimes you'll even feel this in parts of your blue. Good, 10 seconds. Five, four, three, two, one. Good. It's gonna come back over. Then come right back over. Good. And you can use this hand on this side if you want to get a better stretch to really use to press against your hip. If you don't have obviously a partner, help you stretch. That'll just help accentuate the stretch even further. Because sometimes you use your own body what you can't get quite far enough. Good, 10 seconds. Nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Okay, good. So now Amber is gonna switch to the other side. Again, bringing that knee down to the ground and keeping everything very relaxed through the leg. You can use that hand to press your hip further towards the floor to really get deeper into the stretch. This arm should be totally relaxed. You'll also feel a slight chest stretch with this exercise, which is great. Good. So we've got six, five, four, three, two, one. Good. It's gonna shake it out. And move right back across. Sometimes when I see people do this stretch, I'll see this arm start to lift up off the ground. That's not what you want to do. You want to keep that arm nice and relaxed. Because again, through all these stretches, there's always secondary muscles that are also being stretched. So with this stretch, it's the chest, which is great, right? Because we use our chest a lot for push-ups for this routine. Everything from that to overhead press. So it's very important that we keep that nice and stretched. Okay, three, two, one. Good and stop. So Amber's gonna go ahead and move into a glute stretch next. Just gonna sit up. And just gonna cross one leg across the other. And she's gonna use this arm to pull her knee into her body. Keep it this leg nice and straight. Good. Okay. Seven, six, five, four, three, two. Good. So she's gonna shake it out for a second. Bring it right back up. Good. So again, she's breathing. She's keeping her upper body nice and tall. She's not leaning into the stretch. 10 seconds left. Nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Good. So just gonna shake that side out. She can move onto the next side. So again, pulling the knee across. If you don't feel this stretch enough when you pull the knee across, try and twist your leg more this way. That's gonna help really pull more glute into the stretch. Good. Just about 10 seconds left. Five, four, three, two, and one. It's great. So Amber's shaking now. She's bringing the leg right back across. Again, you was eating that arm to bring the across and you can see she's just shifted her body weight. So now she's kind of opening up that again. That'll help really open up the low back as well. So you can stay in that original position or if you're trying to get more of a low back stretch, you can also twist your body slightly. So we've got five seconds left. Five, four, three, two, one. Good. So now we're going to get right into the first circuit of the cardio workout stretching is over. Go ahead, you'll, if you're using a mat, just go ahead and get it out of the way and get ready for the first circuit. So we're going to go ahead and get into the first circuit of this cardio workout. Every single one of these exercises is going to be for 30 seconds. So let's go ahead and get started. Your first exercise is a slow controlled jog. Okay, good. So Amber's just balancing and switching from one foot to the other. She's bringing her knees up, working the abs, working the calves, working the upper body. Good. So as you're doing this, you want to stay tall. You want to be engaging your abs. You want to be keeping your upper body nice and loose. Got five more seconds. Okay, great. So now we're going to move into a high knee jog. So the intensity is ramping up. Amber's got her knees going with double the speed. Good. Her arms are straight. Good. She's got 15 seconds left. As you're doing this, make sure you're breathing, bringing those knees all the way up. This is going to shred your abs out. It's really important. Don't let your knees drop below your belly button. Good. Five, four, three, two, one. She's got punches next. She's going to get in her stance. She's just to work it back and forth, back and forth. Make sure you're punching all the way out. You're not short-cutting your punches. Good. She's also working her core while doing this exercise. You keep your core nice and tight, working that transverse plane emotion. It's great for the core. Every one of these exercise in this cardio workout really works the entire body if you make sure to contract properly. Okay, we've got three, two, one. She's going to go ahead and move into the next exercise. This is a slide jump shot. So she's literally just sliding across, shooting a basketball, sliding across, shooting a basketball. Good. So this is going to work. The quads, this is working her explosive movement. This is working the upper body. It brings you right back to the old school times. You're in junior high or high school and your old gym, which is great. I love doing cardio workouts that aren't just treadmill, stuff like that. Doing these sorts of movements are completely different. It takes your body completely out of its comfort zone. Two and one. Okay, good. So now she's going to move into a power squat. So with this exercise, what's really important to do is to make sure you're not coming down past 90 degrees. You're keeping the majority of your weight in yet heel. That's going to go right up to your hamstring and really work the legs. She got 10 more seconds left. Good. Five, four, three, two, one. Okay, perfect. So now we're going to move into a defensive slide. And we're just going to line up. Good. So good. This is just straight up back in the basketball days when you used to have to do defensive drill after defensive drill. This is great for the legs. And it works laterally, right? So so many, so many equipment pieces at the gym only work front to back. But to get those beautiful lines of definition coming in, the lateral and medial parts of the leg. This is an amazing exercise for that. Good. Three, two and one. Good. Okay, so next up is a vertical mountain climber. So you guys have done mountain climbers, you know, where you're on your hands. This is working straight up and down. So I want those hands coming all the way up. Good. She's pushing all the way up. Good. She's bringing her knees all the way up just like she was in the high knees at the beginning of this day. So this is a, this is a killer cardio exercise. This is deceivingly hard, but don't shortcut it. Don't start bringing your arms down. Bring those knees all the way up. Three, two, one. Okay, good. So next up is switch feet. Just keeping your legs nice and straight, bringing them out. This really works the quads and the calves nicely. It's a great agility exercise as well for any of those athletes out there. Again, Amber's using her arms just like you would if you were running. Good. Good. Good. We've got five seconds left. Five, four, three, two, and one. Good. So next up we're going to go into a half tuck jump. Go ahead. So again, your knees are just coming up and a halfway up to your waist. Again, this is going to work incredible exercise for your abs, your legs, your calves, and burns a ton of fat. You need a lot of body control to complete this movement. So just engage the core, get your core going. At this point in the workout, you're getting tired, you're sweating, you're breathing hard, keep going. Five, four, three, two, one. Okay, great. So last exercise at this round. It's a square hot. So Amber's going to get in her square. Good. So she's going to go around the square one time and then she's going to reverse the way that she's going around. Again, it's these lateral movements just bring in beautiful lines of definition to the legs, Amber and a ton, a ton, a ton of calories. Good. So also great for athletes who are looking to improve their conditioning, their agility, they're moving on the field and on the court. Good. Four, three, two, one. Great. Good job, guys. That's the end of circuit one. Now, when it comes to rest, I prefer that you try and make it as short as possible, but you can really take 15 seconds all the way up to a minute. Every single week, these rest periods should be getting shorter, but make sure that you're really pushing through the first circuit, pushing through the circuit and then taking the rest that you need so that you can ramp up for the next one. Please do not exceed over a minute and 15 seconds between each round. So kicking off round two with a slow control jog, Amber's ready. Here we go. Again, controlling the core, controlling the movement. Sometimes these slower movements are even harder than the fast movements. You really want to try and master this exercise. Again, because it's an amazing exercise, not just for the legs, but also for your core. Good. 10 seconds left. Five, four, three, two, one. Okay, we're going to switch right into a honey jog. Amber's coming up with her knees coming up past her belly button. You should be doing the same thing at home. This is round two. So if you're tired, lock it out, keep going. You've totally got this. Yes, it's hard, but it's going to be completely worth it at the end of the workout. Good. So we got 10 seconds left. She's bringing her arms up. She's bringing her legs up. Good. Five, four, three, two, one. Next up is punches, working the upper body. She's punching all the way out. If you're at home, yes, you're going to be a little bit tired by this point in time, but don't hold back on any of these exercises. Keep going. It's going to be worth it. So this is a great exercise. Working the shoulders, working the abs. Make sure you're keeping your core nice and tight. 15 seconds left. Keep the intensity up. Good. 10 seconds. 10 seconds. Keep punching out. Keep punching it out. Five, four, three, two, and one. Okay, good. Moving right into the slide jump shot. Amber's sliding. She's down. She's exploding up. Good. Good. You're doing these at home. Make sure you're keeping your intensity up. You want to be at the same speed that Amber's at. Don't slow down. Keep going. Good. 15 seconds left. Good. 10 seconds left. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Good. Still exploding up. Your legs are going to be tired. That's okay. Just do your best. Good. Two. One. Good. Moving right into a bodyweight power squat. So Amber's making sure her feet are nice and wide. She's driving right up through the heel. A lot of times people at the gym I see them bring their knee out past their toe. That's terrible for your knees. It doesn't do your glutes any favor because you're putting all all of your weight right on that quad. Make sure you're staying back on that heel. Good. We've got eight seconds left. You guys. Good. Five. Four. Three. Two. One. Next up we have a defensive slide. There she goes. Good. So again, when you're doing these, try and stay as low as possible to the ground. I know at this point in time your body started to get tired. That's okay. Just get in and out of these turns as quickly as you can and stay as low as possible. So we have just about 10 seconds left. Good. Five. Four. Three. Two. One. Now we're bringing it right back up to a vertical mountain climber. Good. We're reaching tall. The knees are coming up. Don't short cut this exercise at home. Good. Just about 10 seconds left. Ten. Nine. Eight. Seven. Six. Good. Five. Four. Three. Two. One. Good. Give it your body a little bit of a break with the switch feet. Good. So again, keep those legs nice and straight. Keep working the arms. 15 seconds left. We're getting so close to the end of this round to keep pushing forward. Don't let your mind stop you from pushing yourself physically. You can control how hard you push. It's all right up here. Five. Four. Three. Two. One. Just going to move right into half tough jumps next. Again, working the explosive movement. Good. Good. She's breathing. She's keeping her core tight. Good. As you're doing these at home, don't stop jumping. Make sure that you're jumping. Make sure that you're breathing. Make sure that you're keep going. You're so close to being done with this round. Good. Five. Four. Three. Two. One. Good. Moving right into your square hop. Your last exercise of this round. Keep the intensity up. Good. She's moving through this like a boss. Good. Again, switching every each time you complete the square. It's that change of movement. Sorry. The change in direction that makes this exercise very difficult. So make sure that you're doing that. Good. Just about eight seconds left. Five. Four. Three. Two. And one. End of that round. Tilt it. Get your energy back up. Get your mind in the right place and let's begin. So starting off with exercise one. Slow control jog. So this is your last round of this circuit. Make sure you keep your intensity up. Don't have acid just because you've already done two of these. They're going to get out of this program exactly what you put in. Just like anything else in life. Good. Coming up on five seconds left. Five. Four. Three. Two. One. Okay. Moving right into a honey jog. Good. So Amber is still bringing her knees up. She's keeping the her intensity high. She's keeping her speed just what it was at round one. Good. 15 seconds left. Keeping the arms going. Abs tight. Good. Five. Four. Three. Two. One. Great. So next we're moving right into punches. Getting position. Ready? Go ahead. Good. So again, we're punching all the way out. The intensity is up. We're not pulling punches. We're not doing it half speed. This is the last round of this circuit. We're going all out. Good. About 15 seconds left. You guys are halfway there. Good. Course tight. Her feet are firm on the ground. 10 seconds left. Good. Five. Four. Three. Two. One. Next up. Slide jump shot. Go ahead and get position. Shake your legs out if you need to and begin. Good. Again, you want to stay as low as possible with this slide by the last round. What your body's going to want to do is stand up and slide. Stay low. Stay low and explode. Low and explode. Good. About 15 seconds left. You guys are halfway there. Good. Ten seconds. Five seconds. Five. Four. Three. Two. One. Go shake it out. Right into our power squat. So again, Amber's only coming down to 90 degrees. Exploding right back up, her weight is in her heels. You're doing these at home. Please make sure you do not come down from that 90 degree angle. It really puts a lot of pressure on the knees. Good. Again, squeezing your butt as you come up. I tell clients all the time. Like you're picking up a piece of paper. That'll really if you really think that thought it seems silly, but it will work. Three, two, one. Okay, moving on to the next exercise. Defensive slide. Amber, go ahead and get position. And begin. So again, the key to this exercise stay low and get out of these turns as quickly as possible. Good. Good. You guys are about halfway there. Keep the intensity up. Get in and out of these turns as quickly as you can. This floor today is a little bit slippery, but if you are on gym mat or you have carpet, really push yourself with this change of direction. Five, four, three, two, one. Good. Moving on to the next exercise. Vertical mountain climbers, Amber's going to get in position. Good. Take a breather if you need it. Just a couple of seconds deep breath and move right into it. Good. Again, pushing those arms all the way up like you're punching up. You're punching your ceiling out. These are coming high. Good. Good. Amber, keep your feet up. You should be doing the same at all. Make sure you're pushing for these exercises. I know you're tired. Keep your intensity up. Good. Just about five seconds left. Five, four, three, two, and one. Let's shake it out. Okay. Moving right into switch feet. Keep your legs straight. The more straight you keep your legs, the more your quads are going to burn. Try as much as you can to just keep it totally straight. Don't have any bend in your knee. They get an abstract, core straight intensity with the arms. Believe it or not, these types of workouts will bring definition into your arms without ever even lifting away. Good. Five seconds left. Five, four, three, two, and one. Good shake it out. Right. Moving right into half tuck jumps. There we go. Again, bringing the knees halfway up. Try and hit the ground as softly as possible. Sometimes when I'm at the gym I see people doing plyometric movements and landing like this. I once had a coach say to me, I want you to land like you're trying to sneak up on me like an ninja. That's how you want to land when you're doing anything. That's jumping. It's really going to help preserve the body from getting that high impact. Those high impact kind of aches and pains. Good. Five seconds left. Four, three, two, one. Great. Moving right into the next exercise. Shake it out. Last exercise of this round. Square hop. Give this all you have because right after this we're taking a break. Good. Look at that intensity of speed. Good. Great transition between movements. Good. We're halfway there. Just about 10 seconds left. Keep the energy up. Come on. You guys push through. Block it out of your mind. Keep going. So often people give up right before the end. Five, four, three, two, and one. Good job guys. That's the end of that round. Go ahead and take a break. Have some water if you need it. All right guys. We are halfway done with this workout about to start circuit number two starting with a lateral speed knee. Amber is going to go ahead and get a started and go. So what you're doing on these is you're doing it at account of three one two three pushing off that outside foot and coming right back. Do not play it that inside foot. She's keeping that inside foot up. That's because I really want the body to be stressed in and out of this lateral movement. If you drop your foot, it's not as difficult. Go to about 10 seconds left. Again, keeping the core nice and tight. Five seconds three two one. Good. Right away we're going to move into our football up downs starting with fast feet every five seconds she's going to drop. But in drop. Good. Two one drop. Good. And drop. Good. And drop. Good. Two more. Good and drop. Last one. Good job. Good job at home. Moving right into our feet jacks. So this is like a half jumping jack. You're just bringing your arms out and your feet out. We went through a big compound movement to now a smaller movement to give your body adequate rest. If you need to take more rest between exercises to be able to go full speed that's fine but please limit it to 10 seconds at the most. Good about 10 seconds left keeping our arms coming out. Good. Trying to five second count down five, four, three, two and one. Okay moving on to the next exercise. This is a plyo jumping jack. Good. So this is like a normal jumping jack except amped up right. So as you're coming up you're just exploding off of the ground. Amber, so these amazingly again get all the way out with your arms all the way out with your feet. Good halfway there. Keep exploding up. Keep forcing those legs out. That's what's going to bring the definition into the legs five, four, three, two and one. Great. Take a breather. We're going to move into many split squats next. So if these guys it's a split except you're not coming down all the way. Again it's a fast movement you want to get get those legs switched out really quickly. Make sure with this exercise you're not leaning forward. You want to stay totally up right in straight. Good halfway there. Again make sure that you're staying straight. Keep the front foot. Keep all the weight on your heel. Good five, four, three, two and one. All right so we're moving right into a switch kick. Amber's got her legs nice and straight. You guys already did this in the previous circuit so you know what's up with this exercise. Keep your arms going like straight. Really keep the core tight. Good. Stay light on your feet. Good halfway there. Your arms moving again a lot of these exercises will still bring definition into the arms without ever even lifting away. Four, three, two and one. All right shake it out. Moving on to our next exercise. Just going to be a running lunge with two feet jack. So what you're going to do is you're going to do four running lunges and then you're moving right into a feet jack. So Amber will go ahead and demo exactly how that needs to go. One, two, three and four. One, two, good. One, two, three and four. One, two. You can do these. You can make it a stationary movement or if you want you can also move forward. Good halfway there you guys. I know this exercise is challenging because it's a compound movement but keep going keep pushing through. Good five seconds. Two and one. Good. Shake it out. Now for those of you who feel this exercise is too hard for you because of the plyometric element of the lunge you can also just do a regular lunge and then do two of the half jacks. Good. Okay so now we're going to move into dynamic jumps. Amber go ahead and get in position. So this is a jump but she's going to be covering ground. She's going to be moving forward. So coming down to 90 degrees then jumping out landing softly and jumping right back out. Good. So once you get the hang of this and you get the balance portion of it you can speed it up a little bit. There we go. Perfect. Depending on how much space you have you can do three jumps you can do two jumps. You can jump all the way across the gym for 30 seconds just depends on where you're working out today. Good five more seconds four three two and one. Good. Moving on to the next exercise. Speed skaters. All right so Amber is going to go ahead. So another lateral movement. She's going to jump to the side and bring that other leg right behind her. All right so this is a great movement for the leg. It's great movement for the glutes. Make sure again you're keeping your core nice and tight. Good. Just about half way there. Good. About five seconds left five four three two and one. Okay. Next exercise jump rope. My Amber go ahead and get her jump rope. If you at home have a jump rope, downs your time to get it. If you don't have a jump rope you can do this without one. Just use your own bodyweight and imagination. Get your arms going. Good. So for 30 seconds. If you mess up while you're jumping rope, don't worry about it. Start again. Start again. Start again. I see so many people when they're jumping rope. Biggest mistake they make is they get pissed off when the jump rope hits them. And then they spend 20 seconds kind of lamenting about it. Just keep going. It's not a big deal. Good. 10 seconds left five four three two and one. Great job you guys. That's the end of that round. Go ahead and take a break. 15 to 60 seconds. Get some water. Stretch out if you need to. All right. We're moving right into our lateral speed knee. Amber is in position. Let's go ahead and get started. Good. So again keeping your energy up. You've already made it through one round. You're probably a little bit tired. Block it. Really, really focus on what your goal is. You're doing this program. Boca seeing solely on your goal through something hard will really help carry you through. Don't think about the fact that you're out of breath. Just keep pushing. All right. So we got five seconds left four three two and one. Great. Okay. We'll be right into our football up downs. Let's go ahead and get started. Good and down. Good down. Good down. Down. Good. You got two more. And down. Last one you guys keep going. Keep going. And down. Good. Take five seconds. Shake it out. Next up we have feet jacks. We're ready to go. All right. Let's go ahead and get started. Remember you want to bring your arms out along with your feet with these. It's like a half jump in jack. Should those arms are coming out. This movement, even if it's body weight, still works. Your shoulders brings great lines of definition in. Any sort of movement that works upper and lower body is going to burn a ton of calories. So make sure you're not shortcutting any portion of any of these exercises. Five, four, three, two and one. Okay. Let's move right into the next exercise. Which is a plyo jumping jack. Good. Good. So again you're floating out. Get your hands all the way up just like amber is. Make sure you're forcing your feet out. Your halfway there. You guys I know that you're tired by this point in the workout. Find your motivation. Why are you doing this program? What made you start this? What made you watch the video on day one? It's really important to keep all of those things in mind. Got three seconds, three, two and one. Good. Moving right into the next exercise. Many split squats. There we go. So again you're not coming all the way down to that 90 degrees. This is really, this is a great exercise not just for the legs but also for balance. A lot of people at the gym. They do a lot of powerful movements but if you ask them to stand on one leg they can't. This is a great exercise for balance as well. Five more seconds. Here we go. Four, three, two and one. Good. Moving on to the next exercise. Which is a switch kick. Again keep your legs next and straight. Get your arms going. The faster you move your arms, the faster your legs will go. Make sure you're bringing your arms all the way up. This will work the biceps. It will work the shoulders and it will work the chest. You bring the intensity into the exercise. Good. About eight seconds left. We go five, four, three, two and one. Good. Moving on to the next exercise. Running forward lunge and jackfeet on a four, two count. One, two, three and four and then two of the jackfeet. One, two, three and four. Jackfeet again if you're doing this at home and this movement is too advanced for you is okay. Do a walking lunge. Good. About halfway there you guys keep pushing. I know you're breathing hard. Ready and five, four, three, two and one. Okay good. Take a couple seconds, shake it out. Take a couple deep rest of air and we'll move into our dynamic jumps. Alright let's get it started. Here we go. Good. Amber's got perfect form on these. Her butt is not dropping lower than 90 degrees. Again dropping lower than 90 really makes you susceptible to knee injuries. She's exploding out. She's landing softly. Again land like an ninja. Don't land like this. Good. Five seconds left. Four, three, two and one. Great job. Let's rest. About five seconds. Walk it out. Alright moving on to our next exercise. Speed skaters. I'm going to go ahead and get behind here. Alright Amber's going to push off of that foot and bring the other leg behind. Good. Really, really push out the off those feet you guys. You want to try and cover as much ground as you possibly can which will be with each one of these reps. Good. About halfway there. Good. Coming up on five seconds left. Good. Five, four, three, two and one. Job. Take five seconds, shake it out. Alright go ahead and get your jump rope. This is going to be our last exercise of this round. Good and again. You best up with the jump rope. Just keep going. Don't think about it. Don't stop. Don't get frustrated. Just keep going. Again you guys this is the last exercise you really want to go 100% keep pushing. Let's go ahead and count it down. We've got nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Done. Good job you guys. Get some water. Take a break. Alright so we've three and four of this program. We're doing three rounds of this second circuit. Let's go ahead and get right into it with the lateral speed knees. Good. Again coming across on account of three, three, two, one and Amber's get transitioning out. Again don't drop that foot. Do not drop that inside foot. Bring those knees up as high as possible. Again guys this is your last round. This is where you just lay it all out on the line. Don't hold anything back. Good. About 10 seconds left. Good. Five, four, three, two and one. Good. Alright shake it out. Move it on to the next exercise, football up downs. Amber's going to go ahead and get her fast knees and drop. Good. Four, three, two, one, drop. Four, three, two, one, drop. Five, four, three, two, one, drop. We've got one more. Great job you guys. Make sure on those that you're really getting those feet going as fast as possible. Drop and get him back up as fast as possible. Alright moving on to the next exercise, feet jacks. Again get your arms. Your arms should be coming out wide like you're doing a lateral raise. Keep the intensity up. Again this is your last round. Keep the intensity up. You're so close to being done. Good. Coming up on 10 seconds. Good. Five, four, three, two and one. Alright moving on to the next exercise, plyo jumping jacks. So again make sure this is explosive. As you need to take a lot, an extra second or two between jumps that's fine. Just make sure you're going at all out in 10 seconds. For each one of you that's going to be different, especially in the beginning weeks. As you move on to the later weeks, you should be getting better. Alright we've got 10 seconds left. Again if you can't do it at this pace that's okay, do it at your pace. Just make sure you're going 100%. Three, two and one. Good job you guys. Let's take it out. Alright beginning our next exercise, many split squats. I want to make sure that you're not bringing that knee out over your toe. Keep it in the knees nice and safe. Keep your core nice and tight. Good again this is a great exercise for balance. I've got about 15 seconds left. You guys are halfway there. Keep going. Good we've got 10 seconds. That's I can speed up the pace a little but if you can, you can go five, four, three, two and one. Good. Shape it out moving on to our next exercise. Switz kick. Moving right into it. Again keep those legs nice and tight. This is a great exercise for the wards for the arms. This is called a switch kick because it's tough because it should happen really really fast. It's a switch should happen fast. About halfway there. Amherst killing it. But 10 seconds. 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2 and 1. Time. Good. Take about five seconds shake out. Go ahead and move right into the next exercise. Running lunge and jack feet with a four, two count. Go. Good. Two, three, two, one and two. Good. Amherst got the pace down perfectly. This is the exact speed that you should be doing these. And even if you don't have space at home to move forward, use whatever space you have. The most important thing is you're giving 100% to each one of these exercises. Go to about five seconds. Five, four, three, two and one. Rest. All right. Moving into our next drill dynamic jumps. Amherst is going to get in position. By this time you're tired, guys. Stay in the zone. You're so close to being done. Here we go. Good. Landing softly keeping the core nice and tight. If you guys don't have space at home, it's okay. Just go forward one, turn around, go back the other direction one. Use whatever space you have available to you. So you're over halfway there. You're heading the game. Coming up on five seconds left. Good. Five, four, three, two and one time. Good. Shake out for a couple seconds. Good. Moving into our next exercise speed skaters. I'm going to go ahead and show us how it's done. Good. Really jumping out to the side, bringing that leg behind. If you're not comfortable with this movement or your beginner, it's okay. Do it at a little bit slower. You don't have to jump out quite as far until you kind of get your balance. One of the keys to the exercise is staying low to the ground. You're better than that. It's more better than that. You wouldn't be on this page. You're on the clutch work. Come on. You guys are champions. Good. We've got three seconds left. Three, two and one time. Alright, moving on to our next exercise. Jump rope. Go ahead and grab the jump ropes. You guys. You're almost there. Use this exercise lay it all out there. If you've got anything left in the tank, now is the time to use it. Go as hard as you can. Amber's an excellent jump rope or so. We'll see what that looks like for her. Good. Again, if you don't have a jump rope, simulate it at home, just keep the intensity up. This is your last exercise you guys have made through the whole workout. Good. These last 10 seconds just push it. 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 time. So for the core workout, you have two different circuits that you're going to repeat twice. Each exercise is 20 seconds with as many reps as possible. For a exercise, the sitting twist. Let's go ahead and get right into it. Michael's going to get seated. His feet are up. And he's just going to twist. Now, if you want to do this exercise using a medicine ball or a dumbbell, that's completely fine for our first sit today. We're just going to use straight up body weight. Good. About halfway there. Keeping his core nice and tight. Good. 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, right into a plank. Good. So you can see that he's got a nice straight line actually going to have him come up just the tank. Good. You really want to make sure that your hips are not dropping down. That was what really leads your low backs susceptible on this exercise. His elbows are right beneath his shoulder. He's in the perfect plank position right now. Good. 2, 1. Okay. Right into butt ups. So Michael is back on his back. His feet are up and he's just going to touch up to my hand. Perfect. So his head is down. His hands are secured at his side. And again, you really just want to force your butt off the ground and come straight up in a line. Good. And 5, 4, 3, 2, and 1 time. Good. Right into heel touches. Yep. So right back down. And he's just alternating side to side. Again, he's already in a flex position. His starting position is flex. So he's not resting at all. This is constant tension on the abs. And again, you guys, you want to try and get in as many reps as you can in these 20 seconds. Good. And 5, 4, 3, 2, and 1 time. Right into V-sit. So Michael is going to sit up. Modified V-sit. He's going to eat up and he's crossing over. Perfect. This requires leg strength, the dominal strength. Good. And he's keeping his core nice and tight as hands are secured at his sides. Good. And just 5 more seconds. 5, 4, 3, 2, and 1. Good. Right into 100. So he's back down. And he's just tapping his hands right to his heels. Trying to all the way up to your heels. There we go. Again, he's not resting. His starting position. His there's already tension in his abs. Perfect. And 10 seconds left. He's feeling it. I can tell. 5, 4, 3, 2, and 1 time. Right into plank step up. So he's going to flip right over. He's in the plank position. And he's right up on those hands. So again, he's bringing his hand right underneath his shoulder. Perfect. Don't cheat this. People I see they want to come out to hear to cheat the tension off of the tricep in the shoulder. Don't do it that way. That's also going to take the tension off of your obliques. And that is not what we want. Good. And time. Right into our plank walkout. So Michael's just inching out, inch by inch. And then he's coming right back. Good. It's a small movement. Don't go out too far. That's going to make your backs susceptible. You're just inching out. This is a great exercise. Especially going plank right into this. It's extremely difficult. Good. And time. Right into a cross crunch. So he's back on his butt. Back in that starting position. Good. And he's coming straight up and touching the top of this. He's really squeezing. That's the most important part when you are doing crunches. Is that on the way back down. You're not just relaxing. You really want to keep tension all the way through the movement. Good. And five, four, three, two, and one. Right into bicycle crunches. There we go. It's crossing it over, bringing the knees all the way in and out. Good. And about ten seconds left. You should be breathing hard. Your abs should be burning. You should be pushing. And five, four, three, two, one. Perfect. That's the end around. One. Let's get right into round two with seated twists. Perfect. Oh, he's on it. He's feet are up, of course tight. You guys should really be pushing through these. Getting as many reps in as possible. These 20 seconds. Good. Five, four, three, two, and one. Right into our next exercise. Plank. All right. So Michael's back. Back around. His elbow is right underneath his shoulder. Perfect. He's at a perfect plank position. A lot of times I see people do this exercise. They've got their torso is kind of sinking down. That is a big big no-no. That leaves you very, very open to injury. You want to stay in a perfect line with your body. A three, two, one. Right into butt-ups. Perfect. Let's go. Thanks. So his head is nice and relaxed. And he's just launching those legs right off the ground. You're going to feel this D-C-C-Bin-Rabs. Again, you should be winded. I can hear that he's winded. You should be winded at home. This should be taxing. You cardiovascularly. And five, four, three, two, and one time. Moving right into heel touches. Twenty seconds. How many reps can you do? Every single round you should be pushing to get more reps in. Every week you should be improving. Good. Ten seconds left. Good. And five, four, three, two, and one time. Right into modified V-Sits. All right, so he's back up. Here we go. Good. That's perfect. Killing it. You really want to keep your legs nice and straight. If you need more support, you can put your hands behind you while you do this exercise. Get him four, three, two, one. Good. Right into hundreds. Back down. Here we go. Good. These little crunches, these tiny movements. Really, really work the abs. They're deceivingly hard. There's deceivingly amazing two for getting results in your abs. They really create those nice deep cuts that everybody wants. Good. Three, two, and one time. Plank step up. So let's get into it. It's Michael's flipping back around. Nice transition there. Perfect. Good. Good. He's going to try and get 10 on this side and they move right onto the other side. Perfect. Good. Just about five seconds left. Five, four, three, two, one. Perfect. Right into a plank walkout. How you feeling? There we go. That's what it should be doing. There's no mistake in where my core. Yeah, that's right. Every exercise we're doing we're really firing every single muscle of the core. So often I see people working more front to back. We're working it from all angles today. Go at three, two, one, time. Right into a cross crunch. It's going to flip back around. Here we go. Again, everything is tight. He's not letting go when he's on his kind of downswing of this exercise. He's staying in in a position where the abs are constantly engaged. Good. And seven, six, five, four, three, two, and one time. Right into a bicycle. There we go. This is the type of pace that you guys want to try and be at. Really, really pushing it. Perfect. Good. Perfect. Over halfway there. And five, four, three, two, one. Great. So that's the end of circuit. One, let's move right into circuit two with a shoulder bridge. Michael's going to get himself into position. Good. So he's got his feet planted firmly on the ground. And he's just lifting his hips off the ground, pushing right through his heel. His head is firmly on the ground. His hands are on the ground. He's keeping the rest of his body nice and relaxed. Good. Four, three, two, one. Now we're going to move into a quadruped alternating. Going to flip back over. He's coming right out. Giving it a nice second or two to to stay in that flex position and then switching right back over. We've worked the front of the body. Now we're working the backside of the body. Perfect. This is a great exercise for stabilization. I use it with all my clients, especially with my athletes. And one good right back into our shoulder bridge. Perfect. So he's back down. Perfect. You really want to be squeezing and pushing your hips as high up to the sky as you possibly can. If you feel any tension in your low back, just move your feet towards your butt just slightly. Just that little adjustment. We'll take a lot of pressure off the low back. Squeeze it. Good. Two and one right back over. Good. Last set. We are so close. Perfect. Twenty seconds. Again, notice Michael is just swinging he's making sure that he's got his leg out, his arm out and stabilized before he moved it to the other side. Five, four, three, two and one time. I feel I can feel it. Got the abs? Yeah. Great job you guys. That's it for your core workout. I'll see you back here tomorrow.