So, hey, this was the second time I met her in person. The first time I met her was actually last year in the 2008 Olympia. And you can do the same thing with a roger's queen bag, you can pick about a separate bag of the bottom. And you'll really feel the difference. We had talked online a little bit. She said, actually, she had sent me a message on body's base saying that she watched the show and read my articles. And she really liked my approach. So, we were at the Olympia last year. My wife and I made a point that we wanted to go say hi. And so, thank you for being supportive. And, um, I met her and she was very nice. And we, we see the hit it off very well. And, I went to an excellent judge of character. And we walked away and she was like, well, I really liked her. So, I knew that she, you know, she was a, she was a good person. And, um, we talked a little bit. She seemed to like my approach. And I gave her business card. And she contacted me a couple weeks later. And, um, we started working together. She's an extremely hard worker. Very focused. All the attributes could, you know, you find somebody's a champion. Staying on a program and following something all the way through. That's gotten me somewhere. And that's what makes me feel good. I wanted it so bad. I wanted to do something like I wanted everyone's heavy no. And I wanted to say yes, I can't. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. It matters. It matters that I show, and shape, it matters that I represent as far in nutrition to the best of my ability. Let's go. Huh. No. Oh. Yeah. This is what I want to do. In this case, I mean, Eva has the genetics and the work ethic to, I think to be in anyone regardless of what they're taking or what not. So, I mean, that's, again, I don't think that's going to be a factor on show day. I think it's all going to come down to, you know, her being at her best and, uh, presenting a package that the judges like. So, uh, again, you know, it's seven people's subjective opinion, and, uh, you can only do your best. And if you feel you're at your best, then everything else that happens is gravy. I'm originally born in Ridge, Crest, California, so I'm a California girl. You know, um, we're facing this way. We're moving around a lot. My mom worked for the US Army Corps Engineers. So, her job took us a bunch of places, so I was in Ridge Crest. I moved to Tennessee. I moved to Sacramento for 10 years. I was there from Sacramento. I made the big move at 19 years old to go down to LA because Sacramento wasn't big enough for me. And then, you know, I'm not going to be a star, obviously. But it became more than that. I moved down there in that work ethic that I put into my dieting and training is the same work ethic that I put into my acting. I mean, that is my passion, and it's actually it's my first love as acting. The hard part is that no matter how hard you study or how good you are, you're not guaranteed work. So, I would get third callbacks and third callbacks. And I got to know all the time. So, I just put, I hit the pause button and I said, what else can I do? What do I love? Like, what moves me? Yeah. I wouldn't deep inside, and I'm like, you know, what do I love? And I'm like, anything physical. So, I said, maybe I'll be a personal trainer. Well, I want to be the best. So, I found a place in the city of Tennessee. So, I found a place in Florida called the Fitness Institute. And I went there and it's very rigorous. It took 16 months. And basically, you know how to train when you leave there. So, I got a new, you know, least on life, a new education. And with that knowledge, I was like, I'm going to train myself. And I've always looked in the magazines. And I'd see Monica Brandt, I'd see all these stars. And I'm like, wow. And I'd like to do that. I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't. That's not right. Like, I just didn't feel like I could do that. There was no part of me that had that self-believe. She has the option to add lib some things. I'm confident enough in her where she is with the training. She's advanced enough that she, she, she, she, she, she, she, She's not, she's not, she's not. She's not. She, she knows that there's something she wants to suffer. Something like that. If she wants to make a big changes, she knows me and ask me some questions. I'm not somebody who's, um, I'm pretty, um, flexible person and an aspect. I lived life just like everyone else who go to the mall and you get a slice of pizza. I mean, I just eat like that every day. I went to talk about, I went to the drive through this, um, I did a Denny sit three in the morning. I, that was my whole life. I didn't even want to the gym. I was that person that joined the gym that went two or three times a year. Just never showed up. I had the little key tack thing that I didn't go. Really, I just made a decision. Just like you do in life. I made a decision you're either in or you're out. And that in meant educating myself. The turning point for me was after I got the job. The turning point for me was after I got my education because it gave me the confidence because previous to that, let's just say that I lived a very unhealthy lifestyle. You know, now that she's back in the NPC, um, I don't see any reason why she can't go, you know, just, this, this guy's a little bit for her. I wasn't the person I am. So it, it takes that, you know, I had to develop my physique, I had to develop my work at the, all the pieces to the puzzle, so that when we come together, we're now full and complete. It's just, that was the turning point for me. I'm like, what am I going to do? And I just dove into that with that kind of passion like that. That is an actress. So I took all that energy and I'm like, I'm going to be the best in fitness. I can be. I'm going to learn the best. I'm going to be the best trainer. I'm going to get straight. Because if you want something bad enough, that's what you do.