What's up, bodybuilding.com listeners. My name is Daniel Bits and welcome back to the BB Compaqcast. Today I'm joined by Craig Bongelli. Craig's journey in the world of strength and conditioning is as intense as it is inspiring. From his early days in boxing to becoming a professional strongman under the mentorship of legends like Louis Simmons, and Bill Kazmire. Craig's path has been anything but ordinary. After a dramatic strongman career marked by a viral accident and remarkable recoveries, Craig shifted his focus to coaching where he guided world champions and everyday heroes alike. Today he's author three books centered around body transformation and body recomposition. Most recently he returned from a stint at Westside Barbell diving into their latest training methodologies, which will be featured in an upcoming series here at bodybuilding.com. Join us as we talk through his insights and stories from a lifetime of pushing physical and mental boundaries. Craig, welcome to the BB Compaqcast excited to have you here in New York City. Thank you very much. I am very excited to be here today. We are ripping some Westside Barbell gear today, compliments of Craig bringing them in from Ohio today so appreciate the swag always. Always take some new gymties. My pleasure. I don't think there's better tea here. It's for the gym or for podcast. I love it. We're going to do a little bit later, but it does pay homage to a new series that we are debuting here this fall at bodybuilding.com with Craig as the star talent in that series. Again, we'll dive into that later in this episode, but so excited to have you Craig. Let's dive in. So topic number one today, everybody is, you know, no surprise building Craig. We always like to hear a little bit of context behind the journey of where our guests come from. So tell us about the journey that led you here, Craig, your time as an athlete, coach, and now really a mentor setting the tone for current and future athletes. So my athletic pursuits always centered around combat sports, growing up. I remember being six years old and watching Rocky and my grandfather held pillows on his hand and when he hit them and like slipped out of the way. And so I went into different martial arts ended up boxing in my early teen years. Mostly because I was poor and the police had a sponsored boxing club in my city and if you couldn't afford to pay your dues, they'd still let you boxed like cool. So I did that until I was 17 and at 17 years old, a high school history teacher invited me to a highland games event and he can't do it near the city where I grew up. They have one of the biggest highland games events in the world and they brought in Scotland's strongest man as they was Jamie Bar. And he was six foot two covered in tattoos, 270 pounds and Scotland's strongest man. He made the top ten of the world's strongest man one year and I met him and I was six one six two 150 pounds and I felt like I had been struck by lightning. Like I'd never seen a man before like this, this is a man. So the next day I called my boxing coach, quit boxing and it was it was lifting weights and eating from there. Tell us about getting into lifting for the first time and eating. I'd still funny to hear everybody's origin stories. I feel what, probably what little we knew when we first started out on those journeys when it came to nutrition and really splits and whatnot but tell us a little bit of how you started. So the couple things I did at that highland games event. There was a man named David Webster who was knighted for his work in strength sports history. So the on-classic this year had a strong net event honoring him, called the Webster stones and he gave me a little bit of advice which I kept. I asked Jamie Barers many questions and he would tolerate in a couple minutes I had with him and then I came home and there were three things I went through. I went through animal pack. Used to have these training routines on their website. I got a copy of Arnold's and Cyclopity of Bodybuilding of course because I don't think anyone's ever started Bodybuilding without it and I went to Bodybuilding.com which like hand on the Bible. I went to Bodybuilding.com website and just started reading. I read the forums, I read the articles and I was like cool. I have to eat a lot. I probably have to train every muscle group twice a week because some of the animal packs said that some of the people I'm bodybuilding. Now, I'm said that and Arnold said that so I just started training as aggressively as possible as often as possible and eating, eating until it hurt. I ended up gaining I doubled my body weight in the first five years. I was lifting. I went from 150 pounds to 300 pounds which was an exhaustive experience. But those are the three places I started looking for information. This was not a promotional plug everybody. This is in fact real life. Jan, I didn't even know that was going to come up. But that was one of the first places I went. Yeah. Tell us, I mean, what were you trying to accomplish in those first five years? Was it more so just about getting as big and strong as you could to eventually compete? Did you have your eyes set on a competition? What were you really working towards? You're just kind of going in and just being obsessed with the process. I wanted to be a professional strongman. It was like cool. That's what he is. He's one of the best strongmen in the world. Scotland's strongest man. World's strongest man competitor. Professional strongmen. I'm going to get big, super strong. I'm going to compete as a pro strongman and I'm going to get a bunch of tattoos. That was the game plan. So what happens when we get to that point where you say, okay, I'm ready to compete. What was your first competition? How did you do in your first competition? Bring us through that experience. That's so bad. That's so bad. That's terrible. I was training. It was hard to find back that like strongman's not a big sport now. But back then it was a really tiny sport. So I found a guy in Toronto, Canada who coached people for strongmen and drove down a couple of times to try to learn a little bit and then found a training group of people who were much much stronger than me near where I lived. And they were all competing in a contest. No, like you could do it. My cool. I could do it. Couldn't do it. Bob, I zeroed like at least half the events. It was probably a show that would have been halfway between complete beginner and close to training professional. It probably would have been the middle ground between those. And it, my confidence was slightly too high. So I was furious with myself. Like cool. I'm going to go train twice as hard. Quickly humbled. Immediately. And I didn't have a big ego before. No, you could do this contest. I'm like cool. I'm kind of... You had the hype squad. I get it. I get it. What would you say going into that first competition? I mean, where were you not prepared? You're probably going to say in every asset knowing you Craig. But you know, what kind of, what were the main takeaways from that first competition that you then applied directly into your training, you know, in the days and weeks that followed? So the the biggest takeaway. Because you're right. I walked away being like everything about this sucks. I suck. Like everything has to get better. The biggest takeaway I took was I don't have access to strongman implements. I don't have a set of outlustones. I don't have a log. I don't have a yoke. I don't have any of these things that I'm competing with. So I have to get even stronger on the things that will hopefully carry over to them because I'm not going to finesse the technique. I have no idea what I'm doing with the technique. Like I get the idea. But I haven't practiced it. So I have to get significantly stronger on the things that are close so that the technical aspects don't hinder me as much. How did you kind of unblock that for lack of a better term? Did you go and find Atlas stones or were you kind of just mimicking things in the gym? Was it a mix of both? What did you had to do at Dr. training? So I tried to I tried to get my hands on as much equipment as possible and some things were easier than others. A farmer's walk handle. You get a tube that you can slide weights on and grab. Not so bad. Getting a log can be tricky. Atlas stones. Tricky. Nothing was convenient to store. I ended up putting two in the garden at the at the girlfriend I had at the time at her parents house. I'm like these will look nice and I can on the week if I can like drag them out and use them. But even the first professional contest I've were competed in. One of the guys who I competed against had come third at the world strongest man so it was no joke in terms of the contest. We had an 880 pound yoke which is essentially a bar that you pick up on your back and try to walk with and it was 880 pounds and I'd never touched one before. Like I I almost finished the full like 100 foot course but I probably had to put it down 14 times because I'd stagger and stumble. I'd never I'd never done it. So I tempted to get my hands on as much equipment and I was only moderately successful. Craig walk us from then to now tell us some of the numbers that you've put up in some of these events tell us from your greatest feats and competitions and strongman specifically. I'm just going to show us the journey from then to now. So best lifts in contest at the Arnold Classic amateur strongman I would have done a 1200 pound yoke or an 1150 pound yoke a 315 2 inch thick bar clean and press for reps and I think I got 4.5 710 or 750 pound deadlift are probably my big ones. In training I had a 370 thick bar clean and press and a 420 outlist on which we're probably my my favorite moments. It's always funny I feel like so many athletes myself included we can put up some of our PR moments in the privacy of our own corners and there's something about being in front of whether it call it stage anxiety or whatever the case may be but I just feel like when you're in the comfort of your own gym and the comfort of your own training corners with your own people there's something uniquely different about performing there than you know out on a competition stage. Agreed in some of the hard part with that especially in something like strongman when I hit the 370 axle I was training for the Arnold Classic where they only had a 315 for reps so my best strength was like I have to just rep out on this or in some like in training you can hit just atlist on today but in a contest you're going to do five other events first and then you're going to do them and it's not quite a smooth after that. Yeah Craig so how long do you compete in strongman specifically? How long did I compete or how long is the contest? Yeah I mean what would you what would you deem your strongman you know career as was it a decade is it more than a decade is it still going today or still trying to put up some numbers today when it comes to strongman specifically? I'll still do the lifts from time to time which hurts me because when they were happening I was like I suck this is the world record and this is what I hit today and I look back on them like oh I was actually really strong like that's I should have enjoyed that more and now I do them and I'm weaker than I was when I was 320 pounds so it lasted about six years maybe slightly longer and coming to the end of my strongman career I was 320 pounds which isn't enormous it's not Brian Shaw big but it was pretty big on my frame I was hitting some really good numbers and I was talking to some of the top guys and I was like hey like what what am I missing to go to the next level like what do you think I need to do and the kinds of things that were put in front of me were things I wasn't willing to risk and at the same time I was balancing the gym my own and the type of clientele I was beginning to coach very high level athletes deciding okay like what basket am I putting my eggs at and it turned out to be coaching yeah that's a great transition you know where did coaching come into play was it shortly after you started your strongman career was it at that tail end tell us about how coaching came to fruition for yourself so this is going to be the wrong answer no wrong answers here just wait I got into coaching strictly for the money I was probably 18 years old I've been reading compulsively to try to help me learn what I need to do to achieve my goals and I was working I was laboring it like a construction site I was laboring in a single yard I was bouncing at night and I was in a local gym and I'm resting between sets and I'm listening to a coach at that gym explain lateral raises to someone and it is the dumbest explanation I'd ever heard and I'm listening to this I'm looking around and then I'm starting to listen to the other trainers I'm like they charge 60 $60 an hour for this I'm like I'm getting in fights for 850 an hour I'm like what am I doing and I had no idea trainers didn't get the whole 60 I was like cool I should do this like forget forget fights forget labor I'll come do this I'll hang it with the gym all day well train people there's no way I'm going to be bad at these idiots they've already hired like this is what I should do I love that no I love I love an honest answer we love an honest here answer here at BB com but how did that evolve Craig obviously it became so much more to you over the last couple of decades so how did that evolve over time what started as you know what let's call it a side hustle right and really became into your full-time career here I think there is something magical about transforming your body I think I think transforming your body is the most visceral unavoidable evidence that you have the power to transform your own life and when I started realizing that myself it was mostly watching clients like whoa Sally lost 50 pounds and now she's having a better time with her husband it feels like a better mom and it's getting promoted at work or whatever but that's not to downplay the results but the example is whatever but seeing seeing that come out of people wasn't credible to me I get I I loved it like I I love seeing what it brought out of them to to realize they had power over themselves that they didn't appreciate previously do you have a favorite client testimonial to the state that sticks out my favorite client ever was a retired optometrist named Trudy he worked as an optometrist until she retired but I trained her the whole time and Trudy at 67 years old hit 17 full body weight pull ups and I used to use that I still use it to shame everyone I'd be working with a world champion in boxing MMA and they do like 12 be like that was pretty good I'm like yeah it's not bad like really 60% of what this 67 year old woman could do but I called Trudy last night like we're still still close she's an amazing woman but my favorite client and I've used her as ammo to beat other clients with since shout out the Trudy sounds like we need her have around the show Greg you've lived so many lives between the strong man career while be at short and no less impressive you got into coaching and you've made that and your career today you've written books which I want to get to as well but along the way I feel like so many stops right along the journey you are part of the military you ran a marathon you had a near fatal accident right there are all these touch points that really started to build you know just the sheer amount of grit that you display today so kind of and I guess walk us chronologically right where did strong man come into play in military and coaching etc and then I really want to get into present day today and impact you're making on the community for sure so chronologically boxing is the teenager meets all the strongest man strong man becomes it until my mid 20s when I quit strong man for decided to quit strong man I was I was pretty depressed I hated the gym despite the fact that that was my job and I didn't have a lot of direction that was my identity what I what I built my days around and I couldn't handle lifting weights for nothing it's like cool on losing weight purposefully but I'm not training for this anymore the same way so what I'm going to come in here and do 95% of what I could do last week today and then 90% the next week and then 85 80 75 go on and on like this sucks like I need to find something else hard to do and I don't know why running became the idea that I thought was going to be a good idea but it became it and I'm like I'm going to figure out like if I can run and at first I could not run like yeah good not run take a strong man and put him on the pavement I mean yeah bad time and that was like cool like I wonder I wonder what can happen with this and I started somebody shown me like a jockel willing podcast that I'm seeing like David Gogh and stuff and I this this seems hard core I like hard core so ended up running a marathon and I wish I could've heard this to Fahrenheit but Celsius I ran the full marathon around minus seven degrees Celsius so below freezing where was this in Canada? casual yeah but I that was the the next challenge and after the marathon I was almost a hundred pounds lighter than at my peak weight as a strong man and I was like okay so what am I going to do now? what was your peak weight? three low three 20s. yeah so you're back around 220 now. yeah like skinny I look I don't look at it 220 at all that was not a good body weight for me but good for running and after doing the running or while doing it it was influenced for sure by the David Gogh and jockel willing like who raw navy seal stuff and I was like man I think I'm disciplined like my my self image is built around like I'm disciplined and I started looking at my life I was like am I disciplined? like no one tells me what to do like I choose all the things I try hard at so am I disciplined or am I just picking things that I like? like what? this is a problem like how do I find out? like what's the most like what's the most tangibly disciplined thing that my personal choice is don't play into? like I should try the military so it's like cool that's what I'm gonna do so I signed up as a reservist in Canada so I can keep my gym operational all that kind of stuff and went into that for a couple years tell us about that experience my David Gogh and dreams didn't come true it was not as hard as I wanted it to be and that could be my own fault I'm reading all this like going to Buds as a navy seal like who raw stuff and then I'm showing up to this unit in Canada and they're like like we're gonna play road hockey a bit we'll clean some guns and then we'll order pizza so that was I was disheartened and I met some amazing people in the military and there are some really hard core dudes I was not surrounded by a ton of them in that particular unit and I'm glad I did it because I would have wondered about it for a long time but it was not the beat down I was looking for so how long did this last just over two years and what happens after the military? after the military that's a good question after the military I had a little bit of a fire back in getting stronger again and being more muscular in part because I didn't really love being 220 I like being really fit I like being able to do pull ups and all that kind of stuff but I wasn't pumped walking around no offense anyone who feels like this looking like a regular dude and I don't look very big on camera I feel like I look like I'm five nine and like a buck feel you feel real fixed and post yeah that's sort of large things but I didn't really love it and I started getting back to lifting and liked it again which was really cool. Do you think that could be accredited just to I mean really a mental break from it all? Do you think you kind of I mean you threw yourself into one of the most taxing endurance events in the planet which is a marathon I think we can only go higher to get to that ultra and then the hundred mile races right but still from never running and going from strongman and then completely changing the demands of your system to become a long distance runner right I mean do you think your your psyche which is burnt to a crisp at that point and you just needed a break away from the gym to fall in love with it again? I would assume because it's it I built my whole life around the gym like it's been so transformative for me literally and metaphorically that I I do think that break was likely what I needed because I I was fairly depressed killing that part of myself when I decided I was done competing. All right so that helped you reignite that flame a bit you said you and you casually threw in the fact that you were open in a gym when in the story of Craig did this take place. So I was working at a big box gym in my city and well from I think I started when it was 18 years old I think I started when I was 18 years old and I think at 21 I took my first trip to West Side Barbel and when I got back what I got back it made it very hard to tolerate what that big box gym was like and that's through no fault of the people who ran it they were operating it to make money and I had this taste of something of it so different so it's talking to a couple of clients that mine at the time it was like I'm gonna I'm gonna quit I'm gonna do like private security stuff and I'm just gonna live weight on my own I got to want to work like this and they were like well what if somebody backed you a little bit to open a gym so we opened a gym altogether at the partnership broke up after a year and I was like this is it like I'm gonna do this so I opened another gym that I named after my dog Lily it was called Lil's Gym and I had that for a war just over a decade sold it just after COVID when you opened that what I mean what was your goal you know what kind of environment were you looking to create for the community that would eventually be your members I would have told you at the time I wanted something hardcore I ironically hardcore included 67 year old trudies so not hardcore in the direct vision people have a west side for example but I wanted a place that was about that was about the goal not just about the business because those things are different like if there was a member at the gym who came in and were like hey man I got fired I need to cancel my membership for a bit like cool don't worry about it like it didn't it didn't matter to me like it didn't help me pay my bills but it mattered more to me that people were there who wanted to be there who wanted to get better who wanted other people to get better there's a there's an aspect of that environment that's very addictive it's very addictive once you've had a taste of being around people who are all pushing forward to to feel anything else or be in any other kind of environment that's what I wanted I think a lot of I want to say a lot of people who open gyms but just maybe a people who maybe missed the point of the gym environment it is about the community anybody can put up four walls throw some racks throw a couple of treadmills in there and blast the music and call it a gym but to build the community is a uniquely different aspiration or goal and a much more difficult achievement to to come about then just putting up a gym to say you put up a gym agreed and I think community is it's so cliche now but it's really powerful it's really powerful if you get all the old expression arising tied raises all boats if you can find yourself in that environment you you will you will do things you couldn't have done otherwise it's like the idea of synergy like that the the sum is greater than the individual values of all the parts that that is a community yeah absolutely um Craig you've mentioned must I barbell a couple of times in the last couple minutes what is west side barbell west side barbell west side barbell is the Mount Olympus of strengthening it was the gym in Ohio opened by Louis Simmons and it for decades was the most infamous strongest powerlifting gym on the planet it it was a beacon in the world of strengthening it was synonymous with hardcore break that open a little bit more for us why I mean really why did what attracted people to west side barbell what was it about walking through the doors and still exist today which again we'll get into that makes it in the powerhouse of lifting that it is so there's a variety of pieces to go into that one with Louis Louis Louis was special he was a genius in terms of strength and conditioning and sports science he was also an absolute maniac people used to hone in the mad monk of powerlifting so he was brilliant but intensely driven to achieve on his own as well and he started essentially cultivating a community of people who wanted the same things they wanted to push the envelope as hard as it could be pushed or as far as it could be pushed and as you bring in as you get those people together when new people come there's an immediate filtering process like the people who aren't that hardcore leave the people who are that hardcore stay and they add to it and it gets more and more intense and it starts to grow and then as Louis was writing articles or producing VHS tapes when those were thing and then DVDs he was sharing this methodology and showing these incredible results people like well how how the hell did you get this guy to go from here to here how did you make this happen and then you could go to Columbus if he invited you and you could find out and some people stay like something it was a magnet for for the extremists in the world of results so it was a very inclusive environment did you have to be invited with members only was it welcome to the public how how is that operate historically it was members only you had to be invited by Louis I remember my first day getting there the tradition was that you'd meet for breakfast at Bob Evans which is a chain in Ohio I don't know if they have it here and then you'd go to the gym and as I was walking up to the gym doors the first day there's this big green cardboard song cardboard paper crystal board something thick paper that's green tape to the front door it was basically like if you haven't been invited by Louis F off like here's another gym down the street here's their phone number do not come in this door I was like oh that's intense but it was it it was an experience how did you first get introduced to them so I was deadlifting I was doing a mid-shin rack poll so a slightly raised deadlift with somewhere in the mid-600s and I felt a pop in my lower back right around my right SI joint it felt like warm liquid was leaking into my body I still don't know what that was but it was an alarming experience and I was immediately messed up so I didn't mean I didn't even take my weights off the bar like it took me 20 minutes to get out of the gym went home laying down didn't move for three days like I'd crawl to pee like pull myself was this during your strong hand training yeah before I was a professional got it and I'm like wow this is the problem like this is this is not good so I'm laying there and I'm googling back pain from deadlifts deadlift injuries on and on on seeking help from Dr. Google oh yeah like and for once Google wasn't like cancer because that's everything else you Google anything you can this didn't say cancer there was no like you've got SI joint cancer which is good and I came across one of the books that we wrote called the Westside Book of Methods and it's essentially a layout of here's what the Westside Methodology is which is called the conjugate that's the style of training here's where it came from here's how we implemented here's why we implemented and as I'm reading through it he's like if you train in the typical linear fashion which is how most people most people train where you do like I'm focused on building muscle then getting stronger then getting leaner then getting faster whatever like these are all the things that will happen and over time you're going to have injuries that pop up like XYZ me me I'm laying here reading this that's me so at the end of the book he has a few books that he referenced multiple times so I found those and I read both of those the two main ones that he talked about and to me there seemed to be a discrepancy in terms of how he took some of the information versus how he implemented it at Westside we're in the Westside Method and in the back of the books they used to print the Jim phone number who might cool I'm going to call it so I called it and I left a message I'm like hey my name's Craig blah blah blah this is like I've got questions for Louis about his book and I think two days later I got to call from Louis Simmons so I pick up my flip phone six one four area code I think that's a hot could this be Westside like it opening like this is Louis Simmons I'm looking for Craig this is Louis Simmons he's like yeah you're Louis Simmons it's like yes stupid are you Craig like what is that what kind of idiot did I just call and so he's like you know what's your question and I stopped repeating his name I'm like well I was reading your book and then I read this book in this book and and I start trying to ask my question he's like way away you read my book like yeah he's like and then you read these like yeah he's like why like because you reference you reference you said to yeah like blah blah like it's back and I do this wrong I thought this was this made sense to me he's like you read both of those I'm like yeah it's like how so I give my age like what do you weigh what do you squat what do you balance what do you deadlift what do you training for and I tell them all that he's like you should come to the gym like okay it's like when can you be here and it was probably June or July I'm like a late August he's like perfect call me when you know the day click I'm like what am I going to do so I got invited to West I'm like this is and you're up in Canada at this time yeah yeah just just south of Toronto West of Toronto whatever near Toronto and and I'm still poor like I do not have enough money to pay for my gas to go to West Side and stay there for a week but I'm like I just told to my com and this is I don't know this is like a mythological figure coming down like zoo subhears and he's like hey so Greek mythology is real I want you to be my pal meet me at Nautilimpus in August you're like how do I get to Greece because it would have been just it's difficult for me so I went to a bookstore and I looked at every muscle magazine they had flipped them open went to the back found the editors contacted info wrote it down went home and I'm like something all in email like hey my name's Craig Bongelli I'm an amazing writer which was a lie I'd never written anything like I'm a great writer I'm going to West Side I'd love to write you an article all you have to do is send me $500 in advance and muscle mag rope back they were like cool what's any 500 bucks I'm going to West Side so I call them back I'm like I'll be there I can be there anytime pick the day you gave me a date I met him at Bob Evans and then went to train Craig this is before a chat GPT's you're how do you get the article in how that go so the editor emailed me 48 hours before it was due he's like hey you know you still have 48 hours I just wanted to check in see what's going I'd completely forgot I made the steal what was your assignment he gave me leeway to write whatever I wanted so I decided the 10 things I learned at West Side and I made every point a quote from Louie and then I explained it but yeah he sent me that email like oh my god I got to write a magazine article like what am I doing so I just wrote it out sent to him and he actually offered me a spot writing whenever I wanted after that but I didn't have anything else to say I'm like this was that said this is I'm a one hit wonder yeah that was it like this is what I have taking the cash and I'm going to Ohio that's an incredible story Craig so I mean what comes next what's side obviously you build this incredible relationship with Louie and the community there and how does that kind of manifested self over the years to come once you land in there as a as a young kid so there were two really important relationships there for me one obviously was Louie who essentially gave me a I would call it a freak past to come back whenever I wanted he was like anytime you want to come come anytime you have questions call like whoa like Louie sent me a gift package when I opened my first year like it was and not long after that he sent me a personal referral I printed it out put it my safe and I didn't tell anyone about it for six years that was just it was so special to me I felt like I couldn't share it and the other relationship I made there was Tom Barry who's now the CEO of Westside he has he was just making his first trip there from Ireland to mentor under Louie for a couple weeks and we met we met on our first visits each and Tom now is a very good friend and he wouldn't use the word air he never uses the word air about Westside he would consider himself the guardian perhaps or the caretaker of the legacy but he now runs Westside that's a fair title for Tom so you go on this journey that we spoke about and the beginning of the episode right you go through strongman and you run a marathon you join the military you open a gem you do all these things what led you back and we're gonna get into a bit of a tease for what we have upcoming here as a docu series on bodybuilding.com what prompted you to come back to Westside Barbell so I've always stayed in touch with Louie and with Tom Louie actually referred the first high level athlete to me that I ever worked with who ended up kind of starting the cascade after I did well with him of other high level athletes but going back to Westside Westside since Louie's passing which is a little over two years ago has had a dramatic shift in what they focus on they were all powerlifting when Louie was there and NFL teams would comment fighters would comment Olympians would come but powerlifting was the focus and essentially the decree was that when Louie passes so does powerlifting the gem has to completely transition into more performance-based goals and knowing that I've always looked for some way that I could pay back a little bit of the death that I owe to Westside and that's an impossible death for me to pay if I spent every day for the rest of my life trying to figure out how to do it I wouldn't make I wouldn't make half of it it's it's an enormous death that I owe to Louie and to Westside but when I heard about what they were what they were doing now and and the process one I was curious about it I'm like okay so how do you take this this incredible training methodology and directed at these goals instead and too I had the idea of like somebody should be a test subject for this like you guys because that's what Bill Westside Louie would bring people in they'd get these crazy results and he'd write an article for powerlifting USA or later for the Westside Barbell blog be like this is what we did this is what happened boom boom boom boom boom I was like you guys should do that you just need somebody who's willing to give up say a month of their life and come stay in Ohio and do everything and when Tom and I were talking about he was like well who who who does that I do it and that was it so I got I got to see what they're doing now we got to document how all of that worked and hopefully in trying to share some of the information and the legacy of Westside I can relieve a tiny bit of the death that I owe them by sharing them with with you with a broader audience with bodybuilding.com okay look at this amazing thing that's out there here's what we did here's how it works here's who they are correct thanks so much for giving us the contextual history of Westside Barbell your experience with them really you're upbringing with them I think is a appropriate way to put it right and we're so excited to debut this docu series coming out this fall on bodybuilding.com I want to transition into the final topic for today Craig which is really it's a two-part or it's overcoming injuries and it's demanding discipline so there's no question that you yourself use discipline and it's taking quite a bit of it to overcome injury and really achieve everything that you've achieved athletically um of everything we just touched on early in the episode do you feel that there's one modality or experience that stood out the most in terms of instilling discipline and the mindset that you possess today that could be an injury that can be a training regimen what do you think really kind of sticks out the most in your mind can I can I cheat that question and give you one answer for each sure okay so injury we'll start with overcoming injuries so I was in an extremely infamous strongman accident when I passed out with an outlist oh now oddly enough I take a lot of pride in that accident and I will explain why because that's a weird thing to take pride in two two and a half months before that I was opening my very first gym and I was taking out what I thought was a plexiglass window it turned out to be a real glass window and a very sharp breakable one at that so I put my hands through it and what do people say now trigger warning trigger warning for the audience this will be slightly grotesque I put my hands through it I pulled them back and I could see my radius in my right arm and I got an arterial spray in the face so I was bleeding a lot I was alone doing the renovations so I'm staggering around thinking like my plant at first was I'm going to text my girlfriend at the time be like don't come to the gym because there's blood in glass everywhere and I'm going to drive myself to the hospital and after I passed out the first time I was like oh new plan I'm going to call an ambulance so it took me a little while to find my cell phone dial my hands are shaking I was big like had really cubby hands and I'm trying to dial on like a little blackberry so I'm like 911 Q 911 911 2 passive wake up I'm I'm I'm gonna die like I was convinced my life was ending and I didn't have the cliche white lights and you know sounds of harps and replay of my life I like woke up on the floor in a puddle of blood and it was like I'm in a die and I'm not I have not accomplished a single meaningful thing in my life I haven't done anything worthwhile I haven't attained any of my potential I'm gonna die in this half finished warehouse that's supposed to be a gym and a puddle of my own blood all alone like I my life has been pathetic turns out didn't die which is super that allows the story to continue so about three months later there was a professional level strongman contest in my city where I just opened a gym like I have to be there like I have to and so it was that contest where I passed out with the Atlas Stone so I hadn't trained an Atlas Stone at all how much time had gone by about three months so my initial worry was the car deadlift at the last meeting I had with the doctor where they were like looking at my hand and talking about the nerve damage and whatever I'm like so how strong is the artery now he's like what do you mean I'm like like if I picked up a car what he's like what kind of like I don't understand what you're asking like literally if I picked up a car do you think that would be fine he's like I have no idea I'm like okay what if it's not fine he's like well the artery could tear in your hand or in your arm and then you'll just fill up with blood you'll kind of be bleeding to death but you'll have a bunch of tissue damage so trigger warning number two I went to that contest with a knife in my gear bag and I told the girl I was saying I'm like listen if this starts to rip in my arm starts filling up with blood I'm just gonna open up the scar where it is like and you're gonna call an ambulance so that didn't happen which is great I crushed the car deadlift I fill up the video I hit the first rep and I just start laughing and I think it's out of relief but I'm howling with laughing standing there holding the car and the judge is yelling me he's like get like you've got a time limit I'm like right right right so the last event we get the out of stones I'm on the last stone you have to do five stones of ascending weight I'm on the 360 pound stone I'm leaning back I'm like it into away from the platform and I know that I'm out of position like my hearing started to go my peripheral vision's coming in and the last thing I think is I will die before I put this down I will die before I put this down slightly more of a prediction than I thought pass out stone lands on me I wake up and the first question I asked the ref who's the first person I can see is that I hit it he's like no what was my time for four because that's how you get scored and strong man if you don't do the mall and then I started complaining my feet were going numb and they thought I had I'd injured my spine but it was really just that my knees sleeves were pretty tight ambulance comes takes me to the hospital it turned out pretty good I ended it making it to the after party that night and tied for third in the contest even with that so in terms of overcoming injury which is a very long preamble to get to that answer I think there's a couple things one is understanding they're going to happen two is if you can put yourself in a position hopefully not too similar to mine but put yourself in a position where the injury happened despite all efforts for it not to like I it's not like I well I hadn't really trained for that contest that might be a bad example but I wasn't being stupid I was being stubborn but not stupid I got injured pushing my limits as far as I could push them in a competitive environment if you get injured because you're not willing to do a warm up or because you're not willing to work up and wait properly or because you can't be bothered to fix your squat form you got injured being stupid and you kind of deserve it but if you get injured doing the best you can pushing your limits you can take pride in the fact that you pushed your limits and most people will never do that most people will never try to push the limits in anything and you can have pride in that and you should learn from it in the future the other injuries I've had that were less less related to a grotesque accident I've always learned from it improved from and they they will happen when you're pushing your limits that's just part of it so I don't know if there's a great lesson in there but that's how I've I've dealt with it and the other thing is nobody really cares and the people who do care don't matter so I've talked to some of the the top strength athletes on the planet we're like I can't believe you push it that hard like obviously it didn't work but it's amazing you pushed it that hard the only people that have ever mocked what have happened what what had happened to me were dewebs on the internet with no profile picture no real name no anything I get so you start to learn the thing we're afraid of is how people are going to look at us or what they're going to say or they're going to make fun it's only going to be dewebs to make fun of you it's only going to be those people who talk on the internet those are the only people who leave comments on this video about the fact that I have a list I guess it's always it's always the same and that's just part of it like recognizing the people who respect you want are never going to shame you for pushing your limits it'll be the people who's who's lives you would never want they will have something to say thanks for taking us on that journey and being vulnerable about those experiences is quite the the couple of smaller stories within that answer any regrettable choices during those or how are you feeling about those you know those choices looking back today good I feel good about them I wish certain things might have gone differently but they helped reinforce or pull out pieces of me that I don't know if I would have otherwise like the first time you find out you're getting made fun of on the comedy network like on cable and millions of people are watching I get if you can come through on the other side of that like oh it really doesn't matter that much what people think or what people say like I decide who's opinions I care about so it's given me a lot that way no regrets I regret the glass I probably should have checked that better that the biggest PSA of this section is checked the glass yeah whatever as soon as body building a calm builds the next site like construction calm I want to be the spokesperson for like construction safety gear like if there's somebody who sells construction safety gear I'm responsible like call me Craig one final tip to leave us with here today somebody's looking to gain a higher level of discipline that they don't have today what is your advice for those individuals? My number one piece of advice for for developing discipline is to be honest to be honest more than anything else with yourself people are constantly we talk about building discipline but we very rarely look at all of the ways that we erode discipline and I think that's a much more substantial problem instead of figuring out like how do we how do we reach a higher peak of that I think we need to raise the floor that we're standing on and people can do that by not giving up their power you say hey I'm going to go to the gym tonight after work and you don't do it don't give yourself some nonsense excuse that you deep down know as a nonsense excuse hey I don't feel like it I'm going to stay fat for today I'll see you tomorrow if you are trying to get bigger and you know you're supposed to eat your next meal at APM you're like you get to APM you're not hungry you can either make some dorky excuse that the deeper part of you knows isn't true or you be like you know what I don't care and say that like say it to yourself I don't care enough to eat this meal I obviously don't want to be big that bad and if that if that feels true then at least on it so that you know that when you make a decision in the future you'll actually follow through with it because I think discipline is so tightly related to the relationship we have with ourselves and especially when it comes to fitness although it comes to a it appears in life in every other area I think we are constantly constantly lying to ourselves and we know it's a lie so it erodes our sense of discipline erodes our personal power it erodes our relationship with ourselves just tell yourself the truth and if you don't like the truth then do something different if you are that same really fat person who comes home you're like am I going to have this chicken breast in broccoli or am I going to have an ice cream cake and you start choosing the ice cream cake then you should be willing to admit to yourself that ice cream cake is better than the result you thought you wanted you can say you don't want you say you don't want it right now you can say anything you want just don't lie the more you can be honest with yourself the more easily you'll access all of the discipline that you already have like it's it's not something that most people need to go find if they just stop compressing it or eroding it they'd have more than enough to accomplish the things that they wanted and that's an ugly uncomfortable experience at first but that aspect of of using fitness and body transformation as a vehicle to develop that and practice that we'll roll into everything else you do into every relationship you have into your relationship with yourself and to every skill you want into your job into anything you can think of it'll empower all of it and it also will do the opposite if you continue to erode it what's next for you Craig what's going on in the gym out of the what's coming up next for you in the gym is just continuing to find different different challenges the the upcoming series on bodybuilding.com documenting what I just came out of it westside was honestly probably the most extreme month of training I've had in my life and and I think the results will speak for themselves when people get to see those but it's continuing to find challenges like that I'm I'm interested in finding out what my potential is I'm interested in finding that intellectually I'm interested in finding that professionally I'm interested in finding that my relationship um and I'm interested in finding it in the gym so it's continuing to look for things that feel like whoa that's an enormous that'd be a crazy gold as a way I can do that when I find those you know cool let's see how close to what I could get I always find the best in me approaching things that way. And Craig you've authored three books at this point tell us about those three books do you have plans for more but let's start out with with those three and what they're about. So the first book was called How to Bang and it was about developing explosive punching power for fighters um the next two books I don't remember the order that they happened in but both of them were about body transformations and I typically took things I took the program I was using with fighters at the time and wrote it into a book I took different protocols I was using personally and with clients to transform my bodies and put those into a book and I did that so people don't have to pay some kind of extraordinary amount of money to work with me um every couple years I look back and like the oldest book starts to look terrible and the second oldest looks okay and the newest one looks pretty good and then I learn more and experience more and do more if I could if I could give some some blunt advice that is a terrible business decision for me it would be to all of the listeners probably don't buy any of those I can unless you're just curious there's gonna be so much better information you get looking at what Westside is putting out on their blog the documentary series that we're about to release in terms of the training I'm doing and all of the the massive amounts of content that bodybuilding dot com is putting out today in real time like here is the best thing we found so far everything is meant to advance where the thing you're doing today should make the thing you did a year ago or two years ago look kind of bad and the things that you're doing five years ago you should feel kind of dumb the things that are coming out now the things we're sharing I guess that in the documentary the articles that you find on bodybuilding dot com the new programs that come out I think we need a sub series here called the truth with Craig Von Jellie I don't know and maybe we'll concept that at the end of this episode but Craig thank you so much for stopping by today it was so wonderful to have you in the studio and we're we're just so excited to be coming out with this docu series here and gosh next month at this point so thanks for thanks for stopping by thanks for joining today and we're really excited to see that series come out thank you very much I genuinely want to take take a second thank you for this to thank bodybuilding dot com for sharing or for being about to share this adventure with west side because it west side transformed my life personally and professionally and you guys wanted to share that with all of your viewers and all of your fans and all of the people who come to you for information means something to me personally I personally grateful for it I also love to thank airwave the mouthpieces and carnivore supplements and MHP who back the project and to be honest all of the sponsors bodybuilding dot com airwave carnivore MHP all of you guys came on board to just an idea to just an idea of hey like I'd like to do this for west side would you like to share would you like to be a part of it would you like to participate and all of the companies and group stages listed are ones that I rely on have used continue to use regardless of whether or not we have a public affiliation and that's the port for an a project like this and a dynasty like west side means a lot to me personally thanks Craig and final note here let the users know how they can fall along on your journey so obviously you can go to the bodybuilding dot com youtube channel and subscribe to that if you haven't because that would be it would be insane to get to this point in the episode and not go do that like that's the immediate next step other than that obviously the bodybuilding dot com socials my personal social social my personal social is the conjugate cowboy so you can find me there as well but we are we're going to make sure this isn't this isn't easy to miss amazing thanks Craig I appreciate you stopping by and we hope to see you real soon absolutely my pleasure thank you thanks for tuning in to another episode here at bodybuilding dot com stay tuned for more stories along the way