My name is Nick Scott. I'm part of Team Bodybuilder.com. I'm an IFBB pro wheelchair bodybuilder as well as a professional wheelchair ballroom dancer. I'm a professional speaker and I'm the CEO and president wheelchair bodybuilder. Basically, I'm a global promoter of the sport of wheelchair bodybuilder. Back in August of 1998, I was 16 at the time. I was going to football practice and my left-front tire blew out. It rolled my vehicle five and a half times. It broke my back and damaged my spine at T1211. And the doctor's diagnosed me as a paraplegic and he told me I would never walk again that my football days were over. And I was devastated and from there I got severely depressed and my weight went up to 300 pounds and I basically wished that the accident would have took my life. Because just like when the doctor said it would be physically impossible and it's about success is not about a destination. Success is a journey. And it's about going the distance because it took me over six and a half years of falling in little sensation that I walked across my college graduation to get my diploma. So eventually when I got to the weight room, I realized, you know, I couldn't do squats, power cleans, deadlifts, but the one thing I could be and do was bench press and be strong. And I stuck with what I could do and just really focused on the mindset like a sniper. Totally focused when I could. And then eventually things led from that to being, you know, being a two-time world pilot from champion. I never compete against other people wheelchairs and my career was 39 first place, two seconds and one third. What I do is I basically go around and promote not just wheelchair bodybuilding and not just wheelchair ballroom dancing, but to show others that they can pretty much do anything. And if they set to do something they can achieve it. But, you know, between the guest pose and all over the country and even around the world, as well as the ballroom dancing, you know, it's like I constantly make appearances as well as my speaking to get out there to tell my story to inspire, to motivate, to impact lives. And I really truly love what I do and it doesn't matter if I work, you know, seven days a week. I do what I do to get the job done. And that's what I do. I keep motivated because it goes back to, I don't do this for myself. I don't look at bodybuilding as my job. It's more like a hobby thing that I take it, I'm obsessed about it because I do want to get the wheelchair division on the Olympia stage and I want to lead the sport by example. You know, all the guys and everything look at me as inspiration or the guidance. And I want to lead and show them that anything's possible and having pro shows and stuff like that and give them hope and it gives them something to strive for. That's what motivates me to be able to inspire others to be the best that they can be. Yeah, in the beginning when I just started out training after my accent, I had a chest brace on and I was very limited to just transfer to benches because I didn't have a lot of mobility. I mean, there's a lot of things I realized I couldn't do because that was my mindset at the time. And then I started with the bench press and from that, it build my confidence and not I really wanted more. So instead of thinking, I couldn't do this or couldn't do that, I opened my head a bigger mindset and more open mindset about things and instead of thinking, I couldn't do it. I just sort of think how could I do this or how can I make adjustments to make it work for me. You know, maybe there was an a spotter. So I did a lot of my training in the and the Smith machine, just as well as the Incline, instead of having to transfer to the Incline bench, I just adjusted the bench and the Smith machine to raise it up. You know, it's little things like that as well as curls. I didn't have to be in an Incline bench to do, you know, dumbbell curls. I could just simply lean back and I could be in the same, the movement. So I really started to think outside the box that it's really about the angles of the body and the movement. It really just understanding how to actually do those movements in a different mindset. And that's really what I gave me. You know, understanding of how I actually needed to just my training. Typically, I train about five to six days a week. It's normally about six days. And like in the beginning of the week, I train the bigger muscle groups and then I do the smaller muscle groups. And I'll break it down for you. So on Monday, I do back and then on Tuesday, I'll do chest. Then normally Wednesday, I'll do some quad because I got quad movement and then abs. That way, it gives my upper body resting period. And on Thursday, I work my shoulders and traps on Friday. I'll do arms, biceps, triceps as well as forms. And then on Saturday, I'll either take off or on Sunday. I'll train. It's either oral train. It just really depends on how I feel. But then I'll train my hamstrings and my inner and outer thighs. They're both weak. So it's more like a rehab to me as well as do abs again. So I had abs twice. Yeah, my workouts are body-bills specific. And even Arnold and his book, you know, read a lot of material and I said it over the years. And even if you fall like Jay Colour, Ronnier, he or those guys, they all do the same thing. And I basically just fall those and I just mimic the guys that are successful and it works. And it's just basically I train the bigger muscle groups more. So take like back. I hit about 16 working sets. Chess between 14 to 16 shoulders between 12 to 14 traps about 4 to 5 sets. Triceps normally between 9 to 12, biceps 9 to 12 and you know, the quads about 16. And it's really I am between 8 to 10 reps. Sometimes 12 on certain exercise, I go by fill. And I'm really in the mindset, I just, I love the left heavy because I got the powerlifting background. I don't change it my program that often. It's basically the same thing but I do change up some of the exercises. You know, and if you look at like Ronnier, Jay, they all do like bench press or some of the same movements like squat. So it's really not about muscle confusion. Everybody stepped on this muscle confusion. But take a bench presser for example, you know, in order to bench press a thousand pounds, they keep doing the same exercise in the same movement because they want to strengthen that movement. And no bench press or wherever skip. A bench press workout, that's just how it is. So I believe in strengthening the strong movements and adjusting the small movements like the last two or three exercises. With cardio in the beginning, I used to just push myself and wheelchair. As then I sort of like, I hate to do a mat, but I still do it to this day. So then I sit behind a recumbent bike and I would pedo with my hands and I monitor my heart rate to make sure I don't go over what I need it to do. But then I try to do swimming and some people like that, but I absolutely hate it. And then it's like really figuring out what works for me, but eventually I got to the point where I can use the recumbent bike with my feet and then my feet fall off the pedals. So then I took it where I took Velcro strap and strap my feet and that gave me problems. And I actually lined before, lined the entire foot of my my shoe with Velcro and on the pedals, lined that with the opposite Velcro and stick them on there. That worked for a while, but then that's going to be coming to pain because it's, you know, trying to place it, whereas sometimes I'd even, I bolt my shoes into the pedals, but then, you know, trying to put my shoes on, that was a pain. So it's a really trying to figure out what worked for me. Basically my diet consists of six meals, about five meals and also one supplement protein. And basically I'll eat about six ounces of some sort of protein and as well as anywhere between five to six ounces of carbohydrates. So I'll break it down and see like the breakfast, so I like six ounces of lean steak, two whole eggs, and I have a couple of oatmeal because of oatmeal and yams and certain type of potatoes is more of like a low glycemic carbohydrates, slow digesting. But then like, milk too, I'll have six ounces of chicken with one cup of rice with one cup of broccoli. And then milk three, it'll be like a lean, like a higher 90% lean beef, as well as a six ounce potato. For meal four, I have six ounces of chicken with five ounces of yams. And for meal five, I'll have eight egg whites with a fourth cup of almonds with one cup of broccoli. Now for the last meal, which is actually like meal after my workout, which is my protein shake, I take two scoops of protein powder as well as like a carb powder after my workout. So that'd be like my six meals. Yeah, it's like for the most part, I do eat lean, but when I have a cheat meal, I hear about these clean cheat metal, I don't do that. If I'm gonna have a cheat man, I'm gonna have a cheat man, but I don't do it all the time, but I like I'll be strict for like three four months, and I'll just have like a really bad like cheat metal like one to two, and then I'll stop. It goes back to why you're doing it for the first place, to actually have a purpose to have a reason, why you do what you do. If you actually have that, you won't have the urge to cheat on your meal. I am protein philosophy, supplementation is everything, because it actually aids the muscle, and the muscle tissue is still quicker, and that's actually the whole reason why you do the ruff recovery process, and that's what X to make some muscle bigger and stronger faster. In order to be the best, you get to take a wide range to enhance the body. Protein powder, take a slow digestion, protein powder like a case in, I'll take a multi-vitamin, I'll take a pre-workout, a CLA, BCA, glutamine, creteen, and basically like a ZMA for like sleeping, and then take a wide variety of supplements. For beginner, what I recommend, I would recommend a protein powder, a multi-vitamin, and some sort of pre-workout. So that way you have more intense workout, that way you feel better, better about yourself, and you're motivated, and a little tip about taking a multi-vitamin, you always want to take it with food, because it absorbs more fish and inner system than just taking it by itself. Basically for those who are afraid of taking supplements or actually trying it, you get to actually realize what an axe it does and actually educate yourself. I would not get the type of results if I did all my training without, because I know in an educated and I got multiple certifications, and I know that supplementation is a critical part in the muscle development. All right, that's it for about me, as well as my training nutrition and supplementation. For more information, you guys got questions for me, contact me on body space, the beast, WCBB, but it's been not common as committed to changing lives. For more articles, videos or content, keep coming back to bodybuilding.com.