One thing I was always proud of is that I really focused on making sure that we had people that were fully in love with our mission. That we're bought in because they believed in it. They knew how important it was. It's not about just the job, it's about how we're going to accomplish this mission together. The word bodybuilding, right? That's our name, right? That's who we are, it's our DNA. A lot of people look at the word bodybuilding and think, oh, that's just those guys that are on stage, oil themselves up, wearing a bikini, beer, you say, no, which we love that, right? That's awesome. But a lot of people that's not what their goal was. But the interesting thing is that everybody wants to build their body. My name is Ryan Deluca, I am the founder and the original CEO for the first 17 years of bodybuilding. The first thing I think about is the teenage me and how badly I really wanted to get in shape. How bad I wanted to gain muscle. And I looking up to the pro bodybuilders, you know, and the people in my gym that I was too nervous to talk to, trying to buy the products, you know, trying to learn about these products and I go into the mall, you know, and figuring it out. So those are the days of being a skinny teenager, the typical insecurities and wanting change. That's really what started all of bodybuilding. So around 1995, that's when I started here about the internet, right? It was cyber space, you know, the information super highway, it was like this crazy new thing. Super high tech, right? People didn't really understand it. But I got really in love with the idea, like I started to study just much like good and just learn more and more about this new technology. That's when I said, hey, maybe there's something I could do here to actually create a business. And that's when creating came up. Creating up first was just like brand new product this around like 1996 super expensive. You can get it at the mall for like $100 right before a month supply. So I was like, couldn't afford it, right? And I said, well, what if I could buy the product at wholesale and sell it to people online? And so I created a small little website called wholesale-creating.com. But just use as many of the different marketing techniques and e-commerce techniques that have been learning over those last like years. So in order to create a little website. Only way I could accept orders was my checker money, order by mail, right? There was no credit card, there's no PayPal back then, right? So I would always check my mailbox and there'd be nothing in there for the first month. So I almost gave up on the idea. But then one day I went to a vacation for about a week, came back and said, I'll go check the PO box at the post office and see if there's any mail. And there's actually one piece of mail. And it said, there's so much mail for you. It's in a bag in the bag. My first office was just at my house. And so we didn't have a big office building. We didn't have any team. It was just really like friends and family coming over to help out. And we'd be in the garage, shipping the orders at all. Like putting labels on the product, you know, putting in the boxes, packaging, and it's my current taking to the post office. And just working from home, which is kind of interesting because on the original websites, we had my home address. So every once in a while, somebody would kind of come over or think, is this the place in trying to buy something? So with creating sales going pretty well, it made me realize we could do something bigger. And that's when I saw that the name body owner com was owned by somebody, but they weren't using it. So I contacted him and said, hey, you have this name. We'd like to use it and create a website out of it. But at first, they said, no, we're going to use it. So kind of give up on the idea. But then a year later, they still weren't using it. And so I emailed him again and they said, all right, fine, how much? And so we kind of went back and forth. And eventually, they wrote back and said, OK, fine. We'll sell it to you for $20,000. And once I got that email back, they was like, I always said, but I ran around like I was called down on the prices right. Just like running around the whole house, just so excited. My dog's barking because I had this dream of what this website could be. So much more than just a single product creating it or just selling products in general. It could be so much more right from the beginning. It could be content, community. It could be all sorts of different products, you know, ship super fast and at the right price. It basically was everything that I wanted as that skinny teen. This was going to be the dream. Right. Like this is the the website, the company and the team that was going to be able to really help people reach their goals and really make a difference for the entire industry. When we built a body on our com website, we're so excited. Right. Like, here we go. We're going to launch this new thing. And of course, the entrepreneurial dreams are like, you press launch and hundreds of orders a first day. You know, which didn't happen. What we really did is grew slowly, but steadily. Every single day we would hit a new record, right? Almost every single day when those early years, where there was like, we got eight orders. You know, and now we got 20 orders. And then we got 30 orders and then you know, I had to hire more of my family than I ran out of family. So I had hired my friends. You know, and we all, we eventually got a warehouse, like a little warehouse over in Garden City, where we could actually fill the orders. But it was just that slow and steady growth over years, building up one customer at a time, earning their trust, having them tell their friends, and then come back to us month to month. Right from the beginning, I realized that not all sub-mits are the same. There's some that are actually effective. Companies out there that really cared about results, that gave you the right ingredients, and they gave you a great price, and they made sure of those correctly. And as a consumer, it's almost impossible to know the difference. In fact, sometimes the products that have the flashy as marketing, they spend the most right. They look the most legit, are the most likely to not be effective. So right from the beginning, I realized like how important it was to understand the difference between what works and what doesn't. If people get results, they're going to come back. And with supplements, it's interesting because they all are products that you're going to use, and you're going to need more up. So we don't care about getting one set, right? If we sell you one ball of creating, you never come back again. That's not very valuable to us. As a company, we want to sell you the next bottle, the next bottle, the next bottle, for years. Once people find something they can trust, and that they believe in, and that they know is real, that's when they tell their friends. The biggest thing about growth over time, especially state of growth like that is you can become an expert at a, you have an $10 million business, right? Run rate. But then that doesn't work when you're 20 million. And most tastes because of the number of people you need on your team, the way you communicate, leadership, right? It's really easy when you're in the garage, right? You're just all right here, and everybody understands what we're doing. Then eventually you've got a little bit bigger team, and you've got to communicate, you've got to leave different ways, and it's got to be different systems. And then eventually you get to a point where you don't know everybody that works at the company. And you want to make sure that every single person understands why we're here, what our mission is, how we're supposed to do things. The most important thing to me when it came to hiring new people for our team was that they actually cared about what we were doing. If they cared about fitness and nutrition, if they understood how important it was, not just for how you look, but for your entire life. If they were really there for our customer. A lot of our competitors just didn't get it, right? They would just focus on selling the products, just focus on making as much money as they could in the short term. But they did not understand the real business opportunity was actually helping people to see results. It's a very emotional decision to change. And when that emotional decision is made and they go on the internet and they do a search and they find content in order to go about something that they want, right? They find a program. We need to give them something that's going to work. And you see that before and after a picture come through, just an email coming through it, right? And you realize how much better their life is. That was really what the motivation came from. And it was always an emotional discussion too. It was rarely just like, I lost this percent by the fact that I came as much muscle like in Benz's much, right? They would include the hat, right? But it would always be my life hasn't proved. And we had thousands of thousands of people sending in transformations like that, right? And not always where they dramatic, like put them on TV type of ones, right? But you can really see that they made a really big difference in the way they look and where they feel. And what was so fun is that we would then say, now we want you to be the star, right? You did it. You were inspired by people on bio.com. You got yourself into the community and they helped you. Now let's get your story. And then sharing that with our team was huge motivation. And some of the best people that made some amazing transformations, we would actually fly them to Boise to be at some of our corporate events. Because every time we had a big meeting with the whole company, it was always customer focused. It was always, here's why. What you're doing is not only making a difference, but it's saving lives. And I know that there's millions of people you're helping, but I'm so happy to be here. It's an example of someone whose life you gave back. And humans have so much potential and so much limitless top stability and mine were all gone. But you gave it back to me. And now I feel like my future can hold anything. And you hear this person grow up on stage and tell you about what you did to actually help change my life. That's motivation that you can't buy. You know, over years we started to get a lot more competition. You know, there's way more websites, more content out there, people sound products, of course. What really differentiated us was because of the trust that we built the community and because of how much content that we created, we were by far the most visited. We had the largest audience for people that are interested in fitness in the world. In fact, at one point it was the most visited fitness website in the world of any website. If any type of fitness, not just like body built in type of fitness of yoga, you know, of anything, by far the most visited fitness site in the entire world, any English speaking country. And that brings a lot of power with it. There are millions of people that love by mine.com. And they grew up on bodywork. And it was a part of the early internet. It was a major cultural force, not just in fitness industry, but overall. And there's no doubt my mind that bottom in our calm is going to last because it has, in its DNA, the authenticity that the fitness industry still needs. If there's anything I'm frustrated about these days, we spend more money on health and fitness products and wearables and streaming services and we ever have before as a society and we're more out of safety than we've ever been before. Bottomline.com is your trusted partner. That's your work-up partner. That's your therapist in a lot of ways. Bottomline.com can be there for you to help you to reach those goals, help you to change your life, become your best self. There's almost no better way to improve your life than you can fit. It's the number one way to improve your entire life. There's almost nothing else you can do that will make your entire life better than going from not feeling your best to being fit, healthy, energetic, confident. Building your body, building your mind, that really builds your life and that's what we do for our customers at bottom in the car.