Hi, this is Ed Cook, old Superman on Body Space, where everyone calls me Pops. I'm here with Bodybuilding.com doing an interview today on How You Can Transform Your Life. At age 48, I changed my life. Since I was about 37 years old, I began to gain weight, started to give up on myself, physically, and ended up eating a lot and gaining a lot of weight. Just life becomes too overwhelming, and you feel that you don't have enough time. Finally, though, after a quick trip and visit to the doctor, he can give me some news that if I continue on that course that I'd have some severe medical problems. If you don't do something quick, you're heading for a heart attack in an early death. I walked out of that doctor's office that very day, and as I walked out that door, I knew it. I knew at that moment my life would change it would never be the same. Ever, I made a change in my life. I got back to the gym. I weighed about 243 pounds. I dropped 52 pounds in seven months. I just trained like hell. Just trained. I went on a low carb diet. A couple of the muscle heads came up to me and said, hey, you should consider competing in the masters. I compete in bodybuilding. I thought, well, I don't really want to do that. I got curious on the internet. I started looking at some of the over 50 competitors and thought to myself, I could probably do this. I was thrilled. I got on stage. I was hooked. My passion has been bodybuilding. I love the sport. I love what it's done for me. I've been encouraged more people to get involved. Bodybuilding is all great. I love it. I'm competitive. It's been a source of motivation to continue to train. But what's been the most important thing is that the changes made in myself. I tried to think, what was it that why I was able to do it this time? Because it's a statistical fact that 97% of all people fail in their diet fitness goals within the first year. It's a terrible, terrible average. I've been doing this now actually. Now, eight years. What I realized is that even though I had let my physical body go, I had worked on some very, very tough issues. That were bothering me in my life. So if you're looking to transform your body and to lose weight, become fit, more healthy, you need to look and find out what your goals are, what motivates you. If you have no goals, you're not going to accomplish anything. The reason people fail in their diet and fitness goals is because of an interstregal. They see this ugly and they think if I could just get that 40 year old guys, if I could just get those abs, I had in college and the young girls. If I could just get no size 6 genes, when I was in a senior in high school, I'd be happy. That'll all make me happy. Well, it's no different than the guy who says, if I go down and find me by that Porsche, I'll be happy. But six months later, it's just basic transportation. It's not that big of a deal. It's like a lot of material things. And that's what this body is, it is material. But it's connected to this wonderful spirit inside. If the spirit is sick and unhappy and healthy, there's no way the outer self can mend itself, heal itself and become whole. You have to have something in mind that you know you can do. What are your goals? Where do you want to be? You want to do it. Set those down, put those in writing. Get your life in order. Find a slot that works. Doesn't interfere with family or work. I can guarantee you if there need to fix this. And men this. And then this will really fall into place. It's been an honor to be one of the top inspirational members of Bodybuilding.com. How it all started was five years ago. I actually got on bodybuilding.com to buy a pair of posi trunks. And while I was there, I saw a banner that says apply for over 40 bodybuilder of the week. Give $50 gift certificate. And I was motivated right there. So I filled it out. I got over bodybuilder, you know, I won it. And they said, but you need to fill out a body space. I didn't quite know that was, but eventually I figured that out. And came a body space member. And of course, people started hitting me up his friends. And then the whole body space saying, kind of took a life of its own. I get messages. Lots of them. And there are two types of messages I get that are really. Really keep me going. And incredibly gratifying. One is from our military. I'm not, excuse me. One is from our military. They're out there. They're overseas. They're lonely. And I always take a time to always answer them personally. And help them out. And do whatever I can. I get on the forums and encourage people when I see a soldier who looks like you could use some encouragement. I'll tell the former members, stop by, say hi. And just give them a little encouragement. There are thousands of miles away from home. They have family and loved ones and children. And they don't get to be with them. The second one, and I've gotten many of these. And this is where it's very humbling. Is when someone contacts me and says, you've changed my life. Today I was going to give up. And I ran it to your body space. And now I'm motivated to continue. I had a man message me here about six months ago. He private messaging me desperate to lose weight. Needed help. And he said, you referred me to your blogs. And you answered some of my questions. And I'm here to report back to you. It's been one year. And that one year I've lost a hundred pounds. I've landed the job of a lifetime. And I'm marrying the woman of my dreams in six months. All at the age of 40. And I was going to give up. Every time I got discouraged, I would go to your body space. And it would keep me going. And I just want to thank you for that. This body is great. And the fame is fun. And it's good to be. If they have people patch on the back and tell you how great you are. But really what it's all about is giving back to others. That's what life is really about anyway. It's doing those little things to help your neighbor, to help their lives improve and be happy. I want to thank Bodybuilding.com for inviting me here today. I had a great time. Also, stop buying Simeon Body Space for more content. Just check out Bodybuilding.com. For more content, just check out Bodybuilding.com.