I'm a pilot. I'm a pilot. I'm a pilot. I'm a pilot. My name is Ben Bocker and I'm an adult. My name is Ben Bocker. My name is Ben Bocker. I'm a 2010 body space folks model winner. I'm a pilot with your suitable company Spokes Model. I'm a fitness Rx cover model. I'm a man magazine cover model and I've been featured in Iron Man Magazine, I'm a reps magazine, I work out in national publications everywhere. I'm a husband and father of three. I am also recovering alcoholic. I'm here today to talk to you about my second chance at life. I'm a fitness player, a major role, and essentially saving my life. It's a very personal story. I feel it's important to share that story in hopes that it could inspire help somebody else. We're going to rewind clearbacks when I was 13 years old. Running around with a kind of rough crowd. There was a friend that had an older brother that was able to get out of alcohol. It was kind of a big deal. It was the cool thing to do. To just hang it out with buddies, I just went along with it. Back then, and even since then, I was never comfortable in my own skin. I found alcohol to be giving that false sense of worth, kind of made me feel on top of the world. Emotionally and physically, I didn't grow through those years. People look at me and think I woke up with this physique. For me to be sitting there and telling you the story, I think it's important for you to know that I didn't wake up. I didn't just wake up and get this physique. I had a wreck when I was 17 years old. I broke my back. I was in bed rest for two months. I was 135 pounds when I got out of bed rest. I had to relearn how to walk. That was actually my wreck was doing my drinking. I got to do you. You know, some may think that, you know, you've gotten a wreck. You broke your back. Why don't you quit drinking? My head, my alcoholic mind, said, hey, that curve in the road should not have been there. I was looking at the radio whenever it happened. You know, you kind of suppressed your memories. I could have nothing happened and moved on with it today. That's see, they got planted. It was the first time I thought, you know what? If I'm not to get a hold on this thing, or else it's going to control me. And, essentially, from that point on, I began a process of trying to control my drinking and it won't have control on me. The day that I identified that was in 2005, September 2005, I had a daughter who was four months old. My wife said, hey, I'm not happy with this life that we're leading. Deep down, I knew this time was coming. I said, I have to quit drinking. That day was the beginning of my second chance. That day, when I've always said, I had to quit drinking, that was attorney point in my life. I identified my problem and my journey began to be essentially began at that point. In 2009, January 2009, I made a commitment. I said, you know what? I'm going to give this fitness thing a chance. I've been on and off looking out and I'm going to go full throttle with my training. Part of this was my buddy Jeremy. He tells me, he says he's starting to deal with his brain of supplements. I'll try him. Okay. So I start taking these supplements and I start seeing great results. I know I deal with essentially supplementation. I thought at this point I took protein powder. I got the gym and says, hey, you can get that by about a pound for 20 bucks. That's about as a game of food, which I thought was a good deal. In May of 2009, I bought my first round of supplements for inviting.com, found body space. I saw a community of people. I thought this is great. This is just meant for me. I signed up. I began sharing my story. I had to overcome some personal fears to start posting some pictures. You know, it's a little scary for me. So I started posting pictures of my chin down and my abs. Yeah, no one knows it's me. Some people find out in my community that don't know it's me. I start getting some good feedback. I get some by saying, hey, you know, I inquire about becoming a fitness model from a guy named John Ron, I tights the phone on body space. He says, look man, you could be in a magazine tomorrow. I was like, wow, that's pretty heavy, you know. So then he says, hey, there's this competition on this website, bodybuilding.com. The 2010 by Spakes Body Space Spokes Model Competition. He says, yeah, you ought to enter it. I enter this competition the first month and make top five out of how many. I was ecstatic and making top five first month. So I had another two months away that pulled five more out of each month and then I get a phone call from Bible.com. They say, hey, you've made top five. The official top five, we're going to fly it out to Los Angeles to the LA FedEx boat and you're an act of compete. I thought you would do have to be kidding me. This is my first competition. I just found body space. I just entered and boom, there I was. I'd never been in a tanning bed. I'd never knew how to do anything. I kind of called, like, so, you know, how do you prepare for this kind of stuff? They gave me tips. I searched on Bible.com, you know, how to get competition ready. And so I began tanning and I got sprays hand and it was a whole new experience. They fly me out to Los Angeles and I think I was a least experienced there. And we compete on stage. It was an unbelievable experience. I felt I felt great. I was just happy to be top five. Next thing you know, Jamie Eason is hand in me. The first place trophy. I just won the 2010 by space. But it's me competition. Wow. You know, what? What an honor and boom. Everything explodes. So here I am. I get thrown off stage, backstage interviews, left right. And all this gets kind of hit me fast. Like, holy cow. You, you just won. And then I take a step back and say, how did this happen? Essentially, a plied and a suitable supplements. I thought, you know what? It's part of my story. So I get on the website, I find the number. And I dial it. And I call, I say, hey, I don't have one to talk to. But I'm been booked here. I just won this 2010 by space. Folks model competition. And I just wanted to thank you guys because I've been using your supplements for a year. And I truly believe in the products. They said, hold on just a minute. I'm going to give you a done oral number. He's the president of the plied and a suit of course. So I'm in my office one day. And I get a phone call. We get an awful lot of calls for sponsorship solicitations. And so I kind of rolled my eyes and picked up the promise. I'm sure, you know, I'll take the call. And of course Ben was on the phone. And so he starts to tell me a story. And I could tell almost instantly that this was not the typical, you know, hey, I work out. Can I get free stuff? From call that we get so often. As he's talking, I'm like hang on a second. And so I put him on speaker phone. I call a couple of the people into my office and like, yeah, listen to this guy. Like Ben, Ben, start over again. So he has to start the story over again. And everybody was just kind of looking at each other. Where their jaw is open. And we just knew it was, it was a perfect fist. We came up with an arrangement. And he became the official applied neutral suit of course, spokesman. It was hard at first to share my story. But once I started sharing my story, people started looking for me for inspiration. That fueled my fire. So I started to hit it even harder. And I built a career now, essentially, that it is unbelievable. That has been, you know, bigger than my wildest dreams. I've had it come a long way to be able to tell this. But I think it's so important. It's so important to tell your story. I've been able to tell you that. I've been able to tell you that. I've been able to tell you that. I've been able to tell you that. It's so important to tell your story. No matter what it is, no matter how little you think it is, there might be someone out there that needs to hear it. And that's why I'm here today. I'm here to try to tell you a story. My story is your story and some way. If you have any questions, I try to get to everybody who requires, because essentially, without people helping me, I wouldn't be where I am at today. So go to book a brother on body space and personal message me. I'll get back to it. For more information, more motivation, more inspiration. Sign up today on body space. I'm bodybuilding.com. Let's start making a difference today.