Hi, I'm Sports Nutritionist Ray Hans and Lali. Not been in LA for about 11 years. I've had the opportunity to work with some of the coolest people in the world and have actually been fortunate enough to create a business out of my hobby. I've also authored a few books, the Six Pack Died Plan, and the Sports Supplement Biers Guide. I'm here at the world's famous GoalsGim venits with bodybuilding.com. And I'm going to talk to you about one of my favorite clients of all time, Ben Asleck, who got in the best shape of his life for his new movie called The Town, which you guys have to see. I'm putting this whole time in my rib. I'm thinking about a vegan gene. I'll see you again. I've got the goal for the movie was to help him be lean and muscular. I really have that commanding presence on screen. And as we know, about 75% of his really died in some of the patients, so eating is really, really important. Now for those goals, the idea was to follow my book, The Six Pack Died Plan, and give them about six to seven small meals a day. We focus on high quality protein, like lean, sore-loin steak, chicken breast, egg whites with a couple of yolk stone in, turkey breast, as well as wild salmon. For carbohydrates, we focused on brown rice, sweet potatoes, white potatoes, red potatoes, whole wheat pasta, and vegetables like broccoli and cauliflower. And then for essential fats, we focused in on flaxseed oil, almond butter, almonds, unsalted natural peanut butter, and things of that nature. We follow the ratio of about 45% carbohydrates, about 35% protein, and about 20% essential fats. Because fats are really important in building lean muscle mass, but we still wanted to keep them lean, so we had to get that lean protein and all the nutrient dense foods. Now I really believe in customization, so we have to look at where he was at when he started. Now where he was at last year, or you know, where he was at two years ago, so we didn't assess him and then we went from there and we developed the plan. We worked around 12 to 14 calories per pound of body weight for him to gain that lean muscle. And when I tell you that he's disciplined and he's strict with the plan, he's strict with anybody ever seen. I mean, the guy has a zero tolerance policy. He will not falter on the diet, and the guy's an amazing person to work with, and really, again, the discipline shows when he's on screen, and you see those rippling abs. You know he follows the diet plan. Well, bad is a year-round guy. He's one of those guys that's not going to just come in for six weeks. Get big and then you know, go eat pizza and ice cream forever. He's not that guy. He's a guy that's year-round. He's committed to his fitness. He's cycle on and off his diet, as well as his supplements. And he really does it as a lifestyle. And every diet comes up a plan. I come up with it. It's actually customized to the person. So it all depends on what he's getting ready for. If it's in a war show, it might be a little bit different because he might have to be leaner in the face. If it's a movie where he has to get buff at the town, if the program might be a little bit different, the basic principle to play. I mean, we do small meals frequently, lots of water. Training is continuous. The cardio might change sometimes. It might be more or less. But generally, we stay pretty consistent and just dial it in for certain events, or certain movies, dieting and some mutations can certainly become a chore. And contrary to what my mama told me chores don't get done. So you know what, we don't want to make it a chore. What we trying to do in my profession is really make it interesting. Making unique, we cycle a lot of the diets, we cycle the supplements. You've got to also remember your body loves homeostasis. And your body loves to be neutral. So we have a shock of body, we have a shake of the system. And the way you do that, I do that for all my clients, is by mixing meals, mixing different foods, varying the supplements. And also your body gets used to things very quickly. So you've got to take these off, you've got to add things in, and be very creative. What it comes to my good friend Jack O'Walk, a VPX sports. The guy is a mad scientist. I'm kind of a mad scientist, so two mad scientists get along really well. We have long discussions about chemicals. We've known each other for maybe eight or nine years now, and we met in the industry through a mutual friend. VPX supplements really helped support me and my programs, and what was cool about this town movie was that VPX products are actually in the movie. So that's a nice fun for Jack and nice fun for VPX sports, and it really worked out well for everybody. With regards to what to say away from in protein bars, protein shakes, I try to avoid a lot of chemical based products, things like high-fructose corn syrup, trans fats, hydrolyzed collagen or gelatin, those are some of the low-quality items that try to avoid. We want to go with whole food type bars, and nutrient dense type bars that give high quality protein and mixture of proteins that give you the best results when it comes to lean muscle and losing fat. Well, as I always say, if you fail to plan, you plan to fail. You've got to plan, you've got to have food with you at all times. I always recommend people to carry snacks with them, protein bars, ready to drink protein shakes, a handful of unsalted almonds, snacks like this because if you're hungry, you're going to pull over and eat something bad probably. But if you have something available that's healthy, you can eat that and subside that hunger and keep going strong on the program. So it's all about keeping food with you. Preparation is a key to success, so I make sure all my clients are very well prepared. As Ben was, this movie. Hi, I'm Ray Hangellali, and you guys have to check out Ben Affleck's new movie, The Town. It's going to be one of the best films of the year, so check it out. And if you want all your fitness tips, you've got to go to bodybuilding.com.