Hi, I'm Sports Nutritionist Ray Hanselali and I've been in LA for about 11 years. I've had the opportunity to work with some of the coolest people in the world and I've actually been fortunate enough to create a business out of my hobby. I've also authored a few books, the Six Pack Died Plan and the Sports Submit Buyers Guide. I'm here at the world famous goalsgimvenus with bodybuilding.com and I'm going to talk to you about one of my favorite crimes of all time Ben Affleck who got in the best shape of his life for his new movie called The Town, which you guys have to see. I'm putting this whole time in the vibraphy. I'm thinking about taking a change. I'll see you again. Now Ben trained like an animal for this movie. I mean he was super hardcore. He trained with Walter Norton in Boston because the movie was filmed in Boston. The philosophy followed was intensity built in density and man was the intense. We're going to show you some of those great exercises to get and look that way. The one was weighted pull-ups for his back, dumbbell bench press for that chest and also supinated curls for the bicep, walking lunges for the legs, and also hanging leg raises. Which really brought out that Six Pack or eight pack, I guess, like Ben likes to say. The first exercise is weighted pull-ups. This great exercise for your back, give you that V-taper, and give you that commanding look on screen as it did for Ben. The first thing we're going to do is we're going to have you grab the bar shoulder with the part and he's going to hang down and then we're going to put the weight behind him on in his legs right through the legs and we're going to leg it hang there and then he's going to come up really forcefully and go down slow. Really using that back muscle and not using the bicep as much and really concentrating on the last Ben just a little secret to know he actually was using 90 pound dumbbells on this. Can you believe it? 90 pound dumbbells doing pull-ups. Now one of the foundation exercises that Ben used with wall trick training for the movie was dumbbell fence presses. They used different angles, in-kind, lower, decline and dumbbells are great because they help you really target the chest muscles. They can help you go lower than a barbell and you're not locked in the fixed position as you are with a bar so you can kind of mobilize and move around if you have some shoulder problems. This exercise can really be beneficial. In fact, if you even have a rotator of injury, most people can't do the regular barbell bench, but this exercise can really help overcompensate for that and really allow you to work the chest muscles properly using these dumbbells. So Albert is going to show us how to do it. Really you want to get a full stretch in the way down. You want to keep your elbows back and make it if you put your elbows forward, you're going to start working triceps and you really want to focus on chest muscles. You want to go down slow and then explode up and Ben actually got up to the 125 pound dumbbells if you can believe it or not. Really want to contract the chest muscles at the top. You never want to think your chest end because Albert is going to be your shoulders. You want to keep your chest up like Albert's doing here all the way down and all the way up. Great exercise for chest. Now it's time for the gun show. Get your tickets right now. The way to build guns and the way Ben built his guns to the moving was doing supernated curls. He was so hard-court and so adamant about training for this film that he would at you run the rack. In other words, he would start with a heavier dumbbell and it would work his way down. I thought he had completely muscle failure which is really cool and that's the way really to build lean muscle tissue. So we're going to demonstrate some of those supernated curls turn. So he's going down like a hammer and then he's going to come up and then curl the top and really get that peak right here. So he's going to go down, it's going to work the forearms, it's going to work the break down list and really really get those guns to stick out. So he's going to do a couple more. As him go straight down with the hammer, curl up, keep back straight. Exactly right. Now we can't forget about it a lower body. We do not want to look like a light bulb. No way. So the best way to work the legs and the way Ben did it was walking lunges. This exercise hits the quad, the hamstrings, the glutes and it's a really good way to tighten your legs overall. Getting back straight. Stop by there. See, his keeping his knees over his toe almost to the ground and then he's keeping his back straight. His chest up and really pushing up with his heels to hit the glutes and the quads. And this is a great exercise for overall body development actually because working lower body can release certain hormones that can help you build more muscle. So my man Albert's going to demonstrate some good form on hegging leg raises. Form is really important. I just exercise what you're going to do is you're going to hang on the bar straight on and you're going to lift your legs up and point your toes this way. It's really important. You're going to go almost all the way down but not all the way and you're going to come up as high as possible right there. And we're going to go as fast as possible on the way up, down slow and up fast and then down slow and really feel it and almost bring your body forward when you do it because that really tightens the abs and really hits the lower part of the abdominal muscles. And you may need somebody to hold the back in the beginning to get used to the form but once you get used to it oh boy man you will be tight and that's what we want. We want six pack. We'll do a couple more here Albert and one more great job. All right man good job. There you have it ladies and gentlemen. The top five exercises that Ben used with Walter Jordan and Boston and preparation for the movie that town. You guys have to watch it. It's going to be one of the best films of the year. And remember intensity bills and density Ben trained like an animal in a train hard court. He did not miss days. He was consistent. So you got to do the same thing. You got to train as hard as possible. You got to go to muscle failure and really get the intensity up and for more information on workouts and a lot of other things you can go to bodybuilding.com.