We're back. You asked for it. You want it? You need it. You got it. Bodybuilding.com. Here we are on the Mandela Tona. I'm an IFBD bikini pro. A Weed or Athlete. A Team BSN athlete. And a muscle input in his heart and flex magazine cover model. If you haven't seen my Income Miss Glute video, be sure to check it out. There's a link below. Today, I'm going to bring you a fabulous training video on my second favorite body part of training which is shoulders. I'm a big believer in rounding out the shoulders to be that nice, balanced physique. So if you're ready to go for an awesome workout that's a lot of fun, let's go to the gym. Okay, here we are. We're about to start the shoulder workout now. One thing that I always say is they need first. Now, I always warm up especially especially on shoulders because shoulder injuries, knee injuries as it's like really common injuries and thank God I've never heard my shoulder. How do you do that? I've got to warm up. I'm not a big rotator cuff person so what I do is just take really light weights, five pounds, light second fine. And I just go through the exercise that I'm going to do. They kind of just warm up the muscle instead of like a warm upset. So just some of the things I do is like a shoulder press because I always like to start with a compile movement and kind of gets all of the muscles in the shoulder warm up. I also just go right into some light lateral raises. Nothing really like straight in your way and it's just kind of like loose. And then I kind of do like a single light front raise. It's kind of not even doing a warm upset. It's basically just going through to get my muscles loose. So if you ever just see me with gym doing shoulders, it's kind of like this. Just to make sure I think it's that I don't hurt my shoulders because you don't want to shoulder injury. Keeps down for a while. Kind of make the other body part hard to do. So this is my warm up. All right, so for this exercise we are going to do four sets. That's what I do. And my rep range is going to be anywhere between 10 reps and 18 reps. The reason for that is you know, I'm a big believer in always doing something different. Keep your body guessing. If my reps are 10, then my weight is going to be heavier. If my reps are 18, my weight is going to be a little lighter. The main thing is though I'm going to failure on every set. All right. This is just want to keep a controlled movement. I don't want to stop too far at the bottom. I like to keep constant tension on muscle. Like I said, the main thing here is going to failure. If you feel like you can do more, increase your weight. All right. So that's the first set. I'm going to actually increase the weight for my next set. And right now I'm going to talk about my favorite thing in the gym. One of them. There it is. Bam. It's the stopwatch. Yes, I'm that girl. I turn my reps. And I keep my rest between 30 seconds and a minute. If I'm going to have a faster pace workout, 30 seconds. If I'm going heavier and I need a little more time to recover, I'll take the food 45 seconds to a minute. So if you're a young, start it out and we're going to lose to my next set. I'm completely crazy by the way. All right. We're moving on to our next exercise. This is the lateral front race combo. The reason why this is a lateral front race combo is we're going to be doing the one at a time. So I'm going to do a lateral race and I'm going to go right into a front race. That's one rep. And right here we go. One. That's one rep. Two. Two. Three. Three. What I like the best about this, I'll don't be concerned about throwing the heavy weight up there. I'm rocking out the 7.5 baby and more important to me is keeping that constant tension on the muscle. Now I can take this up, bring it down, stop, turn it, and bring it to the front. What that's going to do is going to take the tension off the muscle. I like to make a little more challenging. Even if I take my weight down and show everyone, hey, I'm not afraid of using the 7.5 guys. Can I sing? A mom and a rack, track, baby, apples, bomb, a sway. Alright, we're here with our next exercise. This is one of the sizes I incorporate in every workout for my shoulders. And it is the upright row. This time I'm going to be doing the down-no version, dumbbell upright row. You can also do this with barbells. You can also do this on the Smith machine for a little bit of extra support. I personally like dumbbells. I like incorporating the stabilizer muscles. Let's check up the doomsday. Get it. It's 30. Oh, it's good. It's good. Oh, this is heavy. Always to fail your guys. You gotta be working in tents. You gotta tear that muscle. Alright, let's take it up. Oh, it's so good. Oh, it's so good. Oh, it's so good. Oh, it's up, friends. We're back at another exercise for the shoulders. And this is awesome. I'll tell you why. Because this is a traditional, hand restraints shoulder press. The reason why this is so cool is because we're going to do this in a very unconventional way. And that's why I like it. Because I don't see anyone else doing this. Always think outside the box. You gotta keep it guess and folks. And that's how we're going to do it here. We're going to do it instead of facing the other way, which is a traditional way to do this shoulder press. We're going to reverse it. We're going to face this way and we're going to hit one arm at a time. So I'm going to do four sets here. Keep in it. It's 21. 15 reps. Because like I said, this is a press. So it is a compound movement. Keeping it a little bit heavier. Finish all the reps on that arm. I'm going to switch over to this arm. I'm going to get all my reps in here. Once I'm done with that, I'll do the super set. Turn around and do the exercise. And the traditional press. And finish out my 12th of 15 reps there. But. Alright, we're back here with our last and final exercise in the fabulous shoulder workout. And that is the super set of reverse tech tech with bent over rear raises. People focus on front raises, they focus on lateral raises. But because the rear del, or behind us, we don't necessarily pull out a focus on it. However, it's so important to shoulders because it helps me that nice round appearance. And it's going to cap out your del. Now, I like to do four sets. But I'm also going to keep because it is a smaller muscle group between 12 reps and 15 even up to 18 reps. I'm going to start on the reverse pectech. I'm going to do all my reps here. I'm going to switch over and super set with a bent over rear raise. Now, when you do your super set, don't focus or don't be so necessarily concerned if you're not getting your 12th or 15 18 reps. This is a way to not only get to muscle failure on your first exercise, but it's to push past failure with your super set. And it's just getting as many reps as you can. If you get five, that's okay. If you get 10, that's okay. If you get 12, that's awesome. All right. When you start off here, you want to just to see where you push your arms straight out, your basically in a nice, even plain. You also want to keep your shoulders down. A lot of times, see people lifting it up. We're doing one of these. Keep your traps out of it. So keep your shoulders down. We're going to press it out. Keep the movement nice, to control. Sometimes what I do is get a good squeeze back there. Squeeze your shoulder blades together. Don't hit the bottom here. Don't let the tension come off your muscle. Just keep it straight out. Finish your reps here. And we have flip over. Like to do is come on forward. Press it right up. It's my workout. So they have it. That's my shoulder workout. And I hope you loved watching it as much as I know you're going to love doing it. Be sure to incorporate this workout once a week into your routine. Just like every other body part. And when you get adapted to the exercises, reverse the order. Keep the body guessing by switching up your orders, switching up your reps, starting with your lateral raises to create exhaust for your compound exercises. And remember, always check back to bodybuilding.com for more. I'm in the Lieutenant-Con 10. Print up this workout, take it with you to the gym and get through a baby. We're back. Now we're not. Miller time, my friend.