When I've been talking about, we're always talking about different gyms we used to train at that small hardcore vibe, which most those don't even exist anymore. You know, a gym that was really a bodybuilding gym that wasn't a health club. I thought at this gym this is about 20 minutes outside of Miami. It's called Pseesquirrel Gym. Now it's a little dungeon of a gym but it's infamous. If you're looking to train for a bodybuilding show, this is a place you come to. We're going to be hitting some back and biceps today. This is a big back, big bicep day, triple B. Alright. Start off with some pull-ups here and then we're going to go jump over and do some lap pull-downs. Now I'm excited to get this started. Let's start it up. Okay. Let's do it. So we'll start off with two sets of pull-ups here. Pretty much this. Take a failure warm-up. You know, the thing I like about pull-ups, guys is that it's nice to warm up without overdoing it. You can't load it. Load it up too heavy on pull-ups, it's just your body weight. So a good way to pre-exhaust the lap. Pretty really getting to work. There we go. We talked about three sets of three sets of left pull-downs and then on the last set, the last set we're going to do those partials, partials. Yep. Halfway back up, back down and full. Really focus on the lap. Sit 12. Pretty cool angle in the floor, right? Yeah, it allows you to really pull the nice and low. That's something different. Now remember on, last you see a lot of people cheating this by really swinging backwards. Now you just use a momentum. You want to try to stay nice and upright. Keep your elbows back and pull them as low as you can. There you go. I like that a nice little squeeze at the bottom too, that little squeeze really makes all the difference in the world. It's all about that quality contraction, each rep. Absolutely. It's a big one. It's a big one. It's a big one. That's a big one. That's a big one. That's a big one. So now we had jump down, drop the weight down. This one's all about really controlling the weight. So you can bring it all the way down. Get a good squeeze, halfway back up, squeeze it back down and then all the way back up. So you literally have to use your muscles and the eccentric phase to act like a break and stop it. That right there puts a lot of stress on the muscle and then to pull it back down. There's no cheating on this one. I don't know you felt that one. Alright, so now it's super set. Some heavy dumbbell rows, then over dumbbell rows with some low cable rows. Same line. Absolutely. Great stretch on those. Man, these old stacks are just twice as heavy as new ones. It's a guessing game dude. You never know what's going to be. They'll look at you heavier, but you know. Dude, they feel it. Oh yeah, that feels pretty good. So pre-exhaust on the cable roll, cable roll, cable roll, cable row, they will do dumbbell row. Yep, so I'm going to do these maybe a little bit lighter and a few more reps. Just really, really feel it. I'm going to tension on your back so it's great to use this for pre-exhaust motion. Getting a great stretch there too. See how that dumbbell's coming forward. Almost in front of his face. I'm pulling it like he said, right into the pocket there. Nice pull. That's one of your back pocket. Same thing over there. You use less of your biceps, there's more lats. If I grab the same and pull straight up, like I see most of them will do like this, that's half of my bicep. Look at this, it's like it's rear delt when he does that too. It's just a head of rear delt. That's a heavy bicep rear delt, I exercise. Your biceps are a small and muscle. They're going to fatigue faster. Your biceps are going to burn out before your lats do. Remember, we're hitting biceps today too, so you don't want to destroy your monodum belt row that's meant for your lats. You know, it's like keep a pretty loose grip. I find one I hit. Grip that too hard. Then I start wanting to use my arms, my biceps. I like to pretend that for my elbow to my hands, and it's just a hook. And I'm pulling from my elbow, now my hand. If you focus on your hand, you're going to pull from your hand. Focus on your elbow. If you're going to pull your elbow back, focus more on the lats. That's like my little mental trick. So the reason for the creaks, I should say, cables, like when you said, you can focus more. Better quality squeeze. Really pre-fatee those lats. I'll tell you jump over here. Your lats are already burning. Like I said before, they're stronger muscle and your biceps. So that's where your lats are already. Party worn out. And that way, your biceps don't give up before your back does. Oh, man. Salt through that one. That was on the 15, 20 minutes. That was 15. That was brutal right there. Oh, we got nice. The same thing, arch on the mat. That back. Hold the way back. See, that's getting a great stretch. Squeeze it in the back. Great stretch on the lats here. You know, similar to doing like a dumbbell pull over. But I think you get a better range of motion with this. Or a plus with a pull over. You end up hitting a lot of chest. Yeah. This is all that here. Which is why you don't want archer back. When you do that, you start pressing with your chest. You try to try to get involved in that motion when you've been over. Good. I'm going to put it in there. Wasn't feeling it at 12 yet. There you go. Now the pull, series pulling it down to his hip. Kind of like a similar to a lat pull down. But you can just pull down a little bit further. I know that sounds like a dumb explanation, but that's what it is. Come on. Stretch. You know, the problem I think most guys have with building a big back. Really, it's too cold. One heel required. I don't realize how much work it really requires. You got to really get a lot of different exercises. A lot of volume, you got to lift heavy weight. It's a big muscle. I'm going to do a good back workout. It's exhausting. So if you're not walking out of the gym, just completely fatigued, ready to fall over on a back day. But you're not doing it hard enough. So I think a lot of it just comes down to effort. And too, a lot of it's bad technique. It's really hit your lat. Got to use good form. You know, keeping those elbows tight, not using your bicep. Keeping that arch in your back. There's a lot of subtle nuances that you got to do to really feel those laps in tracks. I had that problem for a long time. For me to get my back to grow, it's really tough. It's just because I was sling them a lot of weight. Heavy, heavy pull downs and heavy rows. But I was used to every assistor muscle that I could to get the rap. There's more about getting the rap than it was about the quality of the rap. You know, you got to focus more on the contraction than about how much weight you're pulling. That was back. That's a nice tip. Right? You? I'm ready to go home right now. Hi, I'm out. Let's crush these butt. That was good. All right. So don't let back. Let's start off with biceps with some curls here. Yep. Let's do 21s. 7 full. 7 at the top. 7 at the bottom. 7 parts. Yep. Let's do it. Go that. That's it. You know, best advice for getting norms to grow. Same exactive, I say. Just gave on back. It's all about the quality of the contraction. Come on, wit. It's not a good idea. It's not about sling in the weight. And just getting the reps. It's about really getting that muscle to contract. So those little things like the pause. That's going to do it on those second set of 7s. Coming down, getting that eccentric. Having to control the weight. And then actually stop it. Has stretching those muscle fibers. It's tearing them apart. That's what's going to really break down the muscle. That's crazy. And then in turn, that's what's going to make me grow. I haven't filmed my best to predict once. Good, we're just getting started. You know, winning. I've kicked our ass here with a back and back. It's got work out. We're almost done. We're still only maybe 40 minutes into this thing. So come on, do it. Come on, let's go. So spend an hour and a half to ours in the gym. To be such as overtrends, a waste of time. As far as overtrending, you know, to come in and really do it over the top workout. As long as you're not trying to lift too heavy, which we haven't lifted heavy. Oh, this is a lot of technique to really make the muscles burn. Not just sling and heavy weight. As good as always, you get the recovery. That's when people run into an issue of overtrends, when they train hard all the time. They're trying to train seven days a week and never give their body a rest. You know, just bust and rest all the time. Your muscles grow in the recovery phase. Yep, not here in the gym. That's really. You got to come in here. You break the muscle down. But then you got to go home and you got to recover. That's from sleep. That's nutrition, nutrition, your supplementation. Yeah, you know, get your branch, chain amino acids. That's what I'll do first thing after we leave here. You know, I'll get my BCA's. I'm doing my Wachy. Yep, protein. I'll get my carbs. So that's, you know, it's in the recovery process that you grow. You know, give yourself that recovery process. Then eventually you get into a breaking down muscle. So you want to hit just three sets of reverse curls right here. Right there. All right. All right. You're up. Let's do it. All right. I'm going to finish this workout strong here. All right. So one thing. Some over the top of the bar. You can't go heavy on these. You're not going to have the same strength you do as a regular bicep curl. And there's no need to. Like I said earlier, we've done so many rows in different, different pulls for back. Your, your forearms are going to be pretty exhausted. You're going to feel it. You're going to get a pump immediately. So you don't need a lot of weight here. Come on, squeeze. There you go. Well, man. The forearms getting a little sloppy. Get a little tired. I know. I'm starting to start really down here. Really should drop the weight down. Oh. Come on, wait. Here you go. Yep, I'm feeling that. That's three, right? Yeah, that's three. That's me. Good. All right, so last, uh, let's say we're going to. Let's say run the rack, but I don't know how to kind of jump around the rack here. We have to just turn the run the rack means, you know, jumping from high, down low. So you start with a heavier rep, do as many as you can, drop it. It's basically just a drop set, but you're doing a couple drops. Here, dumbbells are spread out. So this is, uh, more like hop in the rack. Yeah, we're going to have to actually know what we're doing. We should just pull out some of the dumbbells and just set them. So we're not going to be a lot easier. All right, we're on a start with. I'd like to start with like a heavy weight to start with, but use correct form. So whatever you feel, you can get like, you know, four solid reps with per arm. Five pounds. That's the betel I have left. I have five. Oh, let's see. We got 45, 35, 25. So basically, just going to take it to failure each one. And that's it. That'll be it for both. That's it. I'm spent now. I'm just going to be interested in seeing what I can get out of this. But, uh, you've got to squeeze here. Give it to get. There you go. Pull it. There you go. That's the perfect ridiculous. Pull. Pull. That's all you. That's all you're good, Jappy. Hell yeah, you are done. You're done. All right, my turn. My turn. Yeah, that's how I first found this place. Was getting ready for a competition. Oh. Uh, it was actually the last time I ever competed. I was coming down here and I was training with the owner. And I, it was really just to take my training up another level. Just another notch. Just pick up that intensity and come down here. Come on, wit. And training with other guys. They were competing in the same show. You, you, you feed off that. You feed off that competition. Yeah. You see guys. Like I said, they were in the same competition. And you could kind of see where they were at. So that's it. That's, uh, I'm spit dude. Yeah, we hammered through pull ups. And to lap pull downs partial lap pull downs as well with the partial. We, we supersetted our low cable rose with the dumbbell heavy row. We did supersetted our rope push downs with the low pulls jumped into biceps with our 21s. We did our spider curls. We did a reverse curls. And then we did our dumbbell drops it. That's it. That was a kick ass workout. I love it. Awesome. I do. I do.