Welcome to the ultimate 30-day beginner's guide to fitness. Today, you begin 30 challenges and 30 days to fully understand the world of fitness, training, nutrition, and more. But is your first step on this journey, establishing a starting point? It might seem obvious, but a few months down the road, you'll want to know exactly what you look like and felt like when you began. As you learn to change your body, the daily difference will be subtle. Having worked hundreds of people over the years, there is one thing I consistently hear from clients as they make changes to their physique. I wish I'd taken before pictures. While numbers are important, it's the body we see in the mirror that matters the most. It's the way our clothes fit, the way others perceive us, or the way we feel about ourselves as we look at our reflection. In the beginning, you might not like how you look. That may be why you're here. You want to improve your body. As you get better, stronger, leaner, and carry more muscle, they'll make you appreciate your starting point even more. Progress pictures show you and everyone else just how far you've come, and you can become a living demonstration to others that's such remarkable changes possible. And I'll begin right here on day one with your first picture. Follow the guide on the page below to upload your first ever progress picture to your body space and mark your path. Before you start seeing drastic visual changes, there will be differences you can measure. In addition to taking a picture, we also want you to record your weight, circumference, and your body fat measurements. You may not know exactly what to do with this information just yet, but that time is coming. Use the guides on your body space profile to learn how to take these measurements accurately. Why are these numbers important? Because they add up a great number of small and seemingly insignificant changes stacked on top of each other make a huge difference. Frequent measurements give you hard numbers on which you can evaluate your progress and results. There will be inches, pounds, or percentage points. Numbers give you information you need to bridge the gap from your before photo to your after photo. Follow the guides on the page to update your body space account with these measurements and watch as your changes are charted for you. There's a lot more you can do with your body space account, so feel free to look around. If you aren't sure what to do yet, don't worry. We'll be walking you through all of it, step by step over the next 30 days. Stay one, and our journey has just begun. Today is a day of preparation, so make sure you're ready for tomorrow. Because on day two, we begin our training.