We need to ask the company to primary sources. One will be to take an intact protein like way or beef collagen or gelatin and digesting that completely acid or enzymes are both and that gives up the individual amino acids to make up the whole protein or from individual bacterial fermentation reactions where bacteria make a certain amino acid in large amounts and then that's purified, dried, and then can by other amino acids in ratios at the manufacturer choose to blend together. Free amino acids actually, some people take them because they believe that they get a faster amount of absorption from the amino acids or they are concerned about protein sources more intact that can cause allergic reactions or food intolerances. The free amino acids provide a way of ingesting a completely digested protein in the individual components. What you could expect from that would be a perhaps an easier to tolerate source of protein in the individual component parts. In fact, free amino acids are often used for people that have severe food allergies and it removes the downside of having a food allergy by getting it in its individual component parts. When you look at a free amino acid product, you want to look for if it's derived from a protein source, it would say for example, from hydrolyzed collagen, which is the same as gelatin, often from pig or cow hides or hooves. The other source bacterial fermentation typically is the pure source because of the high degree of purity of each amino acid and you can dial in exactly what the ratios are in terms of what you're looking for. In terms of the dosages for free amino acids, you can treat them pretty much the same as protein. However, if there are crystalline bacterial fermentation source, the typically go on the much more expensive, so that could be a limit in terms of how much you would take. But again, you want to be shooting for about 20 to 25 grams of total protein and amino acids source each time that you consume protein, including after resistance training. In terms of what you could stack it with, treated again like any protein source so you could combine it with proteins. If you wanted to, you could do half and half. You could combine it with a fast adjusting fast absorbing carb. You could combine it with branch chain amino acids. You could combine it with treats and amount of hydrate. Combine it with anything that you want to.