Be good! One, two, three! Well, for him, he's a great deal for me. What the US military means to me and what you guys represent, is a true sacrifice. He's give up so much to go over there and protect the rest of us. And there are a lot of acts of valor that go unseen. It's a man and women at the sighting. It made a caution to have reached him with their life on a line for our rights in Alfredo. I've been lucky enough to have been asked twice now to go over to Iraq and just from USO tours and you know, get over there and mix it up with you guys and have some fun playing some games, gladiator games. And besides having fun and everything, I saw so much. I'm truly impressed. I do you guys have the true gladiators just keep doing your thing. So I don't love me and I'll just hear what you want to say. Thanks, guys. If I said it a million times and wouldn't be enough to say, thank you so much for all that you guys do. We love you. We thank you. We have so much respect for you for the red white and blue that you believe, for the service that you provide for our country. And from the bottom of my heart, I want to say thank you so much. God bless you. My cousin, Dustin Booker, he's an assistant, he's an assistant, corporate of the US Marine Corps. He's to be away from any member of your family for that period of time to be a huge sacrifice on both parts. So to all of you, military families out there just don't believe that the amount of sacrifice. Thank you to all of the US military for your service. I hope and wish that all of you get on safe. My husband is in the United States Navy, and he is currently deployed overseas. Because you're out there and because you're being no leader, it helps me to sleep safe at night knowing that you are defending my freedom. I truly miss you and I love you and come home soon. I have an older brother Keith who is really veteran and he served here in Afghanistan. And my little sister is currently stationed over in Italy with her husband, who is also a military. It is kind of scary because you never know what they're going to get deployed together or it's not right and we're not there to be close to them and tell about. Thank you so much for everything you've for us, the military. He goes our freedom in our ability to do what we do even they. Thank you so much. I have many friends that are currently enlisted in the armed forces, and most of them who joined because of their incidents that happened in 9-11. So I'd like to say thank you to all the veterans and all the people that are currently enlisted in the armed forces. Because while we're here lifting life, you're out there sharing outrides and all freedom to live it. So thank you. Thank you.