The question is derived from two major sources. One would be in shellfish. The other would be from fermenting glucose derived from corn. Glucosamine actually is part of the fluids and cushion that surrounds joints. So, supplementation has been suggested to improve the actual joint cushioning and the integrity of the joints. So, during intensive periods of training, or sometimes you experience, soreness in the joints relates to the exercise. The numbers that is suggested that recusmen supplementation can improve the actual health of the joint. If you're doing intensive training and feeling the soreness in your joints, in relation to the exercise, chronic use for multiple weeks of supplementation with glucose. Because may indeed improve your joint strength and enhance your recovery with respect to that time of training. Bear in mind that it does take several weeks for up to eight weeks of time with supplementation to notice a difference with the glucose mean. When you're looking at a glucose mean product, look for two different things. If you're having shellfish sensitivity or allergy, look for one that is not derived from shellfish or that states shellfish free. That form is actually made from glucose derived from corn. The other thing to look for is if you're a sodium sensitive or watching your sodium intake, oftentimes the glucose mean sulfate form is complex with sodium. And so, if you look for that, you won't be ingesting additional amounts of sodium. This means studies suggest that the optimal dosing per day is around 1500 milligrams. Now what you can do is you can actually take that at one dose or you can divide it up. Either way, it appears to work. Now what you can combine or stack the customer with, and either the sulfate or hydrochlorid form would be something called conundrate and sulfate, or something called MSM or methyl, sulfonel methane. Those have been shown in combination or by themselves to perhaps work actively to support joint health in addition to that from glucose mean.