This shows are very popular right now, getting a lot of research and media attention. Infitions are taken from the body or the liver of fish that live in cold waters, like haring, been hidden, cod, or even tuna. And they are a source of what are called long chain omega-free fatty acids, which are very difficult to get in the conventional diet where it's based on land, animals, for fatty acids, like beef, or pork or chicken. And so these long chain fatty acids are abundant in fish and even in the liver, which also contains vitamins A and D naturally occurring. Fish oils are actually used in have significant benefits to support cardiovascular health, blood flow, and joint health. And also to create a and support healthy information response, for example, in the context of intense training, which cause the soreness caused by intense training, which happens hours and days after you stop training, is an inflammatory response, which is self-limiting or see up in training for a few days, it goes away. Infitions actually support a quick recovery in terms of modifying that information response to intensive training, which is a delayed onset, muscle soreness. Also, fish oils can support brain function by their incorporations to the brain and being an essential component in brains and brain metabolism. When you're looking to buy a fish oil, you have to focus on two key ingredients. It's not official, but after you're actually after the two key long chain omega-free fatty acids called EPA and DHA. Those are the two key omega-free that are found in fish. In the pinnipon, what you're seeking, you may want to aim for a dose of 1.5 to 3 grams of those fatty acids per day. Now, depending upon the capsule, it can provide 60 to 70 percent omega-free EPA-DHA per capsule. So, look at that closely. The other thing to be very important to be mindful of when buying fish oil are the impurities, because fish are swimming in the open environment. Their bodies can collect lots of different pollutants and heavy metals from eating fish, smaller and coming up the food chain. And so ideal you'll be looking for a fish oil that has each batch certified by an independent laboratory for undetectable or very low amounts of impurities, which would assure you that you won't be burping up something that tastes fishy and foul or rancid. And you'll be reducing any exposure of your body to undesirable pollutants like heavy metals or persistent organic pollutants or pesticides. Fish oil, because it has very polyunsaturated fats, is more likely to go rancid. So anything you can do to slow down that process is important. And one important measure to take is to keep your fish oil or if you have a condive oil product, which often is an ellipid form, not in the capsule form, keep that refrigerator and make sure that you seal the cap tightly after you take it out your dose, have capsules or pour it out your dose of liquid. Now I'll preserve it and keep it fresher for a long and pure time and I'll reduce the chance with producing a rancid taste or burping up a rancid taste if you take it in a capsule form.