Black Seed oil is derived from the seeds of flats which is growing in large amounts in Canada. And the Black Seed oil is one of the richest sources of a certain type of omega-free fatty that is called alpha-linolenic acid or ALA. And all flats that all comes from flats as part of a milling and pressing and then extraction process to leave you with concentrated oil. Black Seed oil is for the person who wants to increase their omega-free fatty acid intake. And because of the omega-free fatty acids in flats, it actually can be used to support cardiovascular health. The inflammation response to intense training which is self-limiting in short term. So after you finish intense training that soreness that falls hours today's after you're actually in an inflammation response. In flats with all foods omega-free fatty acid can help reduce the inflammation response from excise and improve recovery. Black Seed oil also through its omega-free fatty acid can support cardiovascular health and also cognitive function. With respect to the actual use with flats with all unlike fish oil you can actually bake with it. You can pour it over salads, you can pour it over rice, you can pour it into a smoothie, and use it as part of your foods. When you're looking at a flat-side oil product they come in two different forms. We'll be in a capsule form which actually protects it from oxidation or from the air or in a liquid form. And depending upon your use if you're going to be actually adding it to foods or to smooth these you may want to use an oil. If you're using as a supplement you may want to use the capsules because the capsule will keep it fresher for a long period of time. You also want to look for how it's processed and ideally it fits analyzed on each batch for the presence of impurities or pesticides or solvents because sometimes the process of making flat cereal can be using a chemical solvent. Most come as done do that these days. In terms of what you want to take in it could be between two to three tablespoons a day or the crumod of around 1.5 grams of aLA up to three grams of aLA that's the omega-free fatty acid found in flat cereal. They'll be described in the supplement or nutrition facts panel of the product that you're looking