I'm an Ames John Schemberg, I'm a Minister of Strength Coach for over 12 years now. Here in Montreal, I train athletes and fighters such as George St. Pierre, Rashad Evans, was O'Shane Carwin, Hain Markwark, among others, and today we're going to let you inside and see some of the training techniques that make George the best pound for pound fighter in the world and some of the secrets we use and the training techniques here at adrenaline performance center. That's it, you're in a hole! I train all athletes, but I was involved in high caliber wrestling in my career, so I start off a national-level wrestler and some concussions and in my career there, so the transition to training fighters was one that I embraced and I really enjoyed. I'll use a bunch of training principles techniques here, never trying to stay stagnant, trying to stop with cutting edge, so a lot of plyometrics, especially for George, plyometrics, power, so Olympic lifting, heavy complexes from strength power. So she and Ups can medicine ball slams, bench press to pile push ups, walking line just to jump squats, you know a lot of explosive things for his body type, a lot of sled pushing for power and conditioning, just trying to stay cutting edge in a head of a game. Typical training rate for George is crazy because he's such a hard worker and he likes to train so hard that for him he'll like training seven days a week. He's only really training in the gym with weight training and Olympic lifting and plow is probably two three days max with one track day involved in there for conditioning, but I mean he trains every day, so he wrestles twice three times a week, does jujitsu, boxes, he's nonstop, always, always working. For his days off he doesn't really take that many days off, but he's very, very good with regeneration, so George has a great misuse, he has a guy that does a RT on him, he's at the spa where he's doing contrast therapy, he phone rolls, he's well ahead of the game, he eats right now and he takes the right supplements, so George is really cutting edge when it comes to regeneration. We use a lot of various exercises because his body calls for it, he's very exposed to athlete, but at the same time we do a lot of pre-hab to keep his body healthy, so he doesn't break down, a lot of core work, everything's important and the best program is like my mentor, my boy would say the program you're not on, so we always want to keep his body guessing and shock into progression. Luckily we move George away from doing any kind of circuit work that we do with the other athletes, you know, I treat every athlete as an individual, so they all have different programs, everybody's different, you know, some of them do circuits, some of them do a lot of power, a lot of strength, there is a rep scheme that we keep and a percentage scheme we keep, but it changes basically with the phases of the workout program, so from phase to phase, if it's a power phase, strength phase or just when the fights close, so the closer the fight we stay with more high intensity lower duration, so lower volume and we can sort of play around with stuff to the further the fight is away. Within the main being such a contact sport, a lot of contact, very physical, to keep someone healthy, you really got to stay ahead of the game with your regeneration, you know ice bath, contrast therapy, taking your right supplements, your fish oils, national anti-inflammatories, you know, it's very important to have a good diet, foam roll, get massage, do a lot of pre-hab work in your training to keep your healthy, you know, it's a fine line between being injured and being a well champion, so it's very important to work on staying healthy with regeneration and a lot of the cutting edge techniques. Just staying on top is what keeps the motivated, I think, you know, a fear of failure, just wanting to perform, being the best of this craft, and what keeps the motivated, I think, he just keeps like being he enjoys the constant learning of the sport, makes martial arts, that it's always evolving, and he likes to stay ahead of the game. I do think he's the best pound for pound fighter in the world, he's definitely very good at every aspect of makes martial arts. We doesn't specialize in anything, but he's great in all things, he's a great wrestler, very high-leveled jiu-jitsu, great striker, always comes into the fight, great shape, and very powerful, so I think that's what separates him, and he puts it all together, but in anybody else. Stuffed a bounce, everything, you know, sometimes, you know, what they say about too many chefs, that it can, you can ruin a recipe, but you know, he's done a good job so far, and it's tough when you're on top, and you're the most sought after athlete in the sport, that everybody wants to get their hands on you, and have a have the big impact, but he's done a great job, and of staying on top, and really being the best fighter in the world. I'm John Chamberg, a strength coach to athletes and fighters around the world, to learn more about my training styles and training programs, visit my website www.adrenalineperformancecenter.com, and to check out George St. here, and what makes him the best, check out his new movie, the striking truth, brought you by www.bodybuilding.com, great site.