Now the one thing I'm seeing, glaringly missing right now, is a picture. Everybody wants to know who you are. Nobody's going to pass judgment or anything else. So feel comfortable posting your pictures. Everybody's really positive and really motivating. So I'm going to go back to profile. And I'm going to go to photos and videos. Actually, let's go to personal info first. So people have a basis of who we are. So your real name, please use your real name. There's no reason to not unless you are running from somebody or hiding from the law besides that, there's no reason not to. If somebody's in the age of 18, you don't feel comfortable sharing that. Of course, that's completely there. But once again, it's about being honest with yourself and honest with what you want to achieve and signing your name to something, hold you so much more stronger to that than if you don't sign your early. Already has my birthday on here. And country zip code. This will not be displayed, but this is really great for if we're trying to locate people in a certain area that we'd like to help work out at a booth or an event. We will pull your zip codes. Display stay or country. Same thing occupation. We'll say PR and social media manager personal website. This is a great place to put your own personal website. If you have a gym, if you are a personal trainer, if you run anything like that and you just want to share it, this is a great place to do it. A little bit more about you how you got started working out into body building. Why you love body building working out and how you stay motivated. Now, all these things are going to show in your main profile page when people log in. So feel free to really get to the heart of the banner and spend some time on this and let people know more about you and kind of let the know your accomplishments things that you've done. Basically, this is where you tell your story. So I'll just say update and then I'm going to go ahead and go to photos and videos. Down here, we can upload a progress picture. We can enter our weight. We can put some new body stats on there. There's a few different options that you can do. But let's go ahead and upload a progress picture. And this should be a current photo of you. Where you are now. So you have something to judge off of for where you want to go. They understand that it has to be a picture of you. Continue to upload. And you might want to go ahead and check out the body space photo guidelines. If you're curious of what is allowed, we do want to be able to see your figure. But there's some areas of your figure that nobody wants to see. So go ahead and browse for a file. And I think it's helpful to do a picture of the front and a picture of the back. So you can kind of judge from both sides. And then I'm going to hit browse again because I want the other one and the back. And it is too big. So it has to be enter 3.5. So let's go ahead and start with this one. So title, 2010. Let's change that to 9. Then I'm going to say safe picture. So that's going to go ahead and go up in your progress photos. Continue to upload. We'll do one more. Now this one's a little bit more tame than the last one. But you can still see the arm development. So this would be a great one to kind of track my tries up development. Because that's been something I've been working on. They take in. And I'm going to say try steps. It's not a true tries that pose. But I'm going to track mine. And they click save pictures. And the way this is going to show is it before and after. So it's always going to be in sequence. So since this was the earliest one taken and it's going to go by date. This is going to be my before and then this is going to be my after. Now obviously this isn't a really good demonstration before and after, or visually. But it gives you the general idea of how when you upload your photos, how they're going to go in sequence. You can always edit it later. Edit the picture if you want to change it out. If you just like you hate that picture, you don't want to have any more. Edit the info. Delete. Remove is your after picture. If you don't want to be your after picture, you want something else on there. And then you can always go back and upload more progress pics.