Well, howdy, Barbell Brothers and Lifter Sisters. My name is Beef Gunsington Jr. but you can call me Beef. I'm what's for dinner. Hmm. There are three things I love in life. Supplements, Barbells and football. Football. There used to be a man in here. Until beef got a hole of him. Beef. Ah! Yes, sir. I am the ultimate fitness fantasy football fan. Try saying that five times fast, you ham-pisted meat monkeys. Now, whether you love fantasy football, think it's a fancy name for Quidditch or even a game where Gandalf the Grey Shouts, you shall die! To an offensive line full of orcs, you can partake in the bodybuilding.com fantasy stack for cash. Head line up of superstar supplements for your pigskin kick and combo for a chance to win money. A year supply of your selected subs, bragging rights, and a workout with me. Beef at the Gunsington Garage. Yay! Let me walk you through a sample stack to show you how it's done. Now, I call this the madest that it's stack, because it lays the foundation for veins and gains. Okay, I started with the fish oil. I am the multi-voderman, added a pre-workout, and BCW's for before and after training. And of course, my most valuable player, Protein, total cost $100, you can even buy it on the site right now, smells like victory. Seams pretty simple, but so did that drunken draft party last month. Anywho, here's your game plan for supplement stacks of success. You're not all big dollar ballers, so make sure your stacks are affordable. Submit up to three stacks to up your odds. All the subs we sell are fair game. Just choose brands, products, and sizes using the fancy widget below. What the hell is a widget? Set a goal when you build your stack, massive muscle builder, fat fighting tire torture, big on a budget designed for newbies or anything else your mad mind can conjure. Give your stacks a name that will get fans on their feet. Send us your fantasy stacks before the clock runs out on our total 12th 1159 pmst mountain standard time. For bodybuildin.com, this is beef gunsington. Stay beefy. Beef. Where's the weather? Come on, bomb.