So now we can go back to body space and then actually finish putting together our count. So here is your body space dashboard. Now your dashboard is going to have everything you need all in one place. This is where you're going to go to see what your friends are up to, to see who's put up their latest progress, picks, to put up your own pictures, to track your measurements, your goals, your progress, everything. So this is going to be a page you can become very familiar with. Now to start off with, we have a set of goal. We set one to begin with, but our overall goal is, but we need to put together a short term one. So I'm going to go ahead and follow directions and put one in. So I said my main goal is to live healthier. Now to explain that a little bit further, I'm going to say that I hope to stop. Go going on my diet and hit the gym regularly. And you can go ahead and put a deeper description down here if you want. This is up to you. All these things are optional that you fill out. So I'm going to go ahead and put a little bit longer description on that and I will say that no carbs after 6 p.m. And cardio and weights. Five times a week. Enter your overall weight gain or lost goal. This depends like I said some people are on here to lose weight. Some people are on here to gain weight. I'm going to go ahead and say lose. And I'll say about five pounds. Enter my overall body fat percentage. Now I don't know this off the top of my mind right now. This is going to be something that you probably want to find with your trainer or if you have your own pair of fat calipers, we sell those on bodybuilding.com. You can put this in here. Now body fat percentage is so much more important to use for tracking than your actual weight is because as we all know, muscle weighs more than fat. So lots of times the scale will say you're gaining when your pants are saying you're losing. So I'm just going to go ahead for the purpose of this demonstration and put what it was last time. 13%. And there's a contest that you're getting ready for a bikini contest, a bodybuilding contest, whatever it may be. This is the space that you fill that in and the contest date. This is great too because it holds you accountable and other people's check in to make sure that you're progressing the weight you should be. So now our goals have been updated. So next we're going to want to go up here to progress goals and measurements. This is where you fill everything out. There's also your profile, which is your main profile. Stats. It's going to have your name. It's going to have your main overall goal. Your latest pick. It's just kind of like a main profile to come in if somebody just wants the general overview of what's going on. You can have your personal info. You can have your photos and videos, competition history, answers to questions, etc. Um, well I already saw the progress goals and measurements. We'll go through that one more time. This is going to be where you show your progress picks. So your perform afters that you track on a regular basis. Your body stats, which will be like your weight, your body fat percentage, your measurements of your muscles, etc. Your goals, your goal tracking, and then also your text goals. The next subgroup is going to be workouts. It's going to be programs that you're on, lifting stats, how heavy you lift a last time move to the gym, how heavy you'd like to be lifting in your goals and then the tracking of those over time. Then there's your supplements. Now, this is where I can show a history of the supplements you'd like. The ones that you haven't like, the ones that you've used. We want honest opinions on here. This isn't somewhere where we're just trying to sell supplements. We want to know what really worked for you. And if you have any tips on how other people can use them to make a work better. The next part is the social group. This is going to be where you can see your friends. That you have invited. You can be of part of a group. We have body groups where people of like-minded goals get together and they decide on when overall goal they want to achieve and share each other on. There's different networks out there. There's your body blog which is like an open blog and open diary. You can upload photos. You can write it at will to different things that you want to share with others. These are really fun to read. It's kind of a gives you a bit more about a personality of someone and what they're going through and reaching their goals. Inspiration. These are people that you have flagged as inspirational to you. Then Facebook, which is a way that you can actually share all of your updates to all of your Facebook friends. It's great too because the more people that hold you accountable for what you're trying to achieve, the better off you are on getting it. Next is the shopping button. This is going to give you order status from what you ordered. Order history, what you've ordered in the past and store your settings. This is awesome if you are a bad at remembering the flavor that you liked, the brand that you went for with over 12,000 products. There's a lot to remember. Next time you go to set your order. This is a great place to go back to and check. You can remember what you got and what you liked and what you didn't like as much. Count management is the last option. This is where you can go in. You can set your password. You can set your email, your contact preferences, all of the minor kind of technical details on things.