So let's go through just the rest of these real quick. Body stats. So this is a great little calendar that kind of lets you know it's going on for the idea for the month. So you can go ahead down here and into your body stats. So 5 feet. 6 inches. Say 125. Body fat 13%. I don't have any of these measurements currently. A lot of people don't. We've actually incorporated really helpful videos to show you how to measure these properly. Everybody always tries to measure things that you either look smaller or bigger than they should. So, if you're not sure, you know how to record these in. I'm going to go ahead and leave these blank for now. Do you have lifting stats? Here's basic lifts that you will be doing or you can be doing. These are pretty standard. So here we're going to say how much you lifted, how many times you lifted it. And you're one rep max. And then here is going to be a video to watch if you're not sure how to do these exercises the correct way. Once again, please make sure you're using correct form when you do these things because you're only cheating yourself if you don't do it right. Save stats. Now when you're profiling, you'll notice that we hear. There's fun little questions that we did our personal info photos and videos. We can actually upload photos and videos of ourselves. There's gallery picks. There's profile picks and there's videos. Now you may be asking why the heck do we have more areas for pictures when I just did progress photos? Well, those are for your progress photos. Those are for ones that you're going to track your different changes over time. Gallery picks could be something of you would a fun fitness event and a running event. Something where you're working out, you're just doing something that's just more of an everyday lifestyle. Not really a comparison photo. And then your profile picks are going to be the ones that will actually be displayed over here in your right-hand column once you upload it. This is going to be the profile picture that everybody finds as default when they go to your page. So it's going to be the first picture they see to identify you. So we can either go to profile picks here or profile picks here here. So pick out a picture for this page. Also you can see under here these little steps that are tabbing up friends. These are the fan clubs, the friends that want to be your friend. That you have an added or accepted yet. Mutual will be the ones when you've accepted them and stalking are the ones that for some reason you don't want to accept. And they really want to be your friend. Private messages people can send you an email through here and these will be showing through here. You will also get a notice in your actually email account you're registered with somebody sent you a private message. Profile comments if somebody leaves you comment on your page. You'll see those here. Group invites. Like I said we have body groups. So people may see your profile and see you'd be perfect to join their group and help everybody in there. And those will be shown here if you have those invites. But we're going to go ahead and focus right now on the profile picture. I'm going to go ahead and click on here. And then we're going to want to go to edit profile photo. So we can put one in there. Go to upload a profile picture. See the gift you're saying and needs to be a photo of you. Now you need to pick up photo. It's best to pick one that's of just you. So people can look at it and they know who you are when they come onto your site. Then hit save. And this will be the photo that is displayed in my control panel. On the sidebar always when I log in until I change it again. And it will be the same one that is displayed to anybody that's going to look at my profile. You can also do videos. Lots of times people have fun workout videos that they want to upload. If you want to do that, go to your video section. Follow the directions there. For gallery picks, it's the same thing as doing a profile picture and the same thing as doing a progress picture. So for the difference in those is in your gallery settings, people can actually make ratings and comments on your pictures. I'm going to go ahead and allow that people right how good of a picture is or how well you're doing on your progress. We're seeing email notification on all comments. I'm going to leave that as a yes because I want to know when somebody says something. And then you can go ahead and it says to upload one now. And remember these are going to be like a photo album. So now that we have all these different photos uploaded, and we actually have some staffs and stuff on our page. Like I said, there's so much more you can add into here. So feel free to go through here and really take your time, do it and get some pieces, do it all once it's up to you. But let's go ahead and look at our profile. So go ahead and click on your profile over here and I will show you. Right to your profile page. So this is what anybody's going to see when they go onto your page. A pair you have your profile picture. And then over here you have your body space name. You will also notice that your body space name is easy to put right into the URL. It's after body space dot body building dot com slash your name. So it's always in there. It also makes it really great and searchable as somebody's looking for you on the network. So here you have your overall goal, my little fit status, my motivation level. You have your name, your gender, your age, where you live, what your occupation is, personal website. That would be go there, your primary gym. College high school filled those in, they'd go there when you started, how I started, why 11 people. Well, literally put all out here. This is where you share your story. So take your time on these questions when you answer them. This will show what I'm up to. This is what I've been doing. I uploaded a new photo gallery picture. I uploaded a new profile picture. I changed my body fat. With the many ones to come to your page and see what you've been up to and what your activity has been. It will be in here. Here I have my progress pictures. Like I said, I apologize for not having better ones. You have done here. Your body stats, your height, your weight, your body fat. So where your lifting stats will go. So this is where your goals will show. And then dead here, if your body answers, these are fun ones. These are great things that are what's your favorite workout in the gym. What's the biggest no-no that somebody can do when you're working out. It's set or less. There's fun ones. There's helpful ones in here. So make sure to go through here and do your answers if you haven't done them. It's really easy. You can go to your dashboard page or you can just go right here to edit. If you're contest history videos of body space, favor body building, fitness videos. These are ones that are going to be of other people that I just like to watch. And then your body blog is where you can go to actually write notes and use it as a diary. Current supplements. This is where your supplements will be listed that you use. Here's your supplement reviews. Work out program. You'll put it in here. Favorites. And then this is where your friends will go. Down here, we already have a visitor comment. These are where you see all your comments from what people leave for you. So in an at shell, this is how it is. This is what it looks like. There's so much more you can build out from here. So many things that you can do. Go ahead and leave you with this.