So the core values of the company came from really looking at the team we have here. When we started, we created a team of great people that really had a passion for fitness and a passion for helping people reach their goals and doing it on the internet. So when we came a few years later and said, what really makes this company special? We realized that it was the people here. The culture we created around the customer and around the mission that we have. And so we didn't just come out to say, what are some good core values that we would like to have? What would we like our company to be about? We said, what is it really about? And we went through a big exercise to say, how could we define our culture? And we really defined it with these values? Always be truthful and honest. And every aspect of business. We have to always be aware of and maintain a reputation for honesty and fair dealing in business. It is very easy to lose that reputation and it takes a long time and it's a lot harder to get it back once it's lost. My name's Bill Carter, I'm a general counsel for BodyBilling.com and I started with the company in Lake July 2011. Our website and as a company we're interested in giving the full picture. Not just here, here's a product and take it and follow the instructions on the back of the bottle. But we're wanting to bring articles and forums and workout trackers, things of that nature so that people have that holistic experience and get the information they need in order to have a better life. I'm Tara Shavevon, I'm a product owner of trackers and I have worked at BodyBilling.com for the format. Well I think it's important for our customers to feel like we're kind of an anchor to think come to an interest. I think you got there's a lot of information, especially in the health and fitness industry. And I think for us to be successful if they know they can trust us and come to our website. Now they're going to get good information about stuff they're putting in their body or work us that they're doing the changes their body. I think it's without that if our reputation is marvell in that regard then I think we're fit that skills. My name is Ryan Vestell, I am the controller and the finance department of bodybilling.com and I have been here about three and a half years. In order for customers to keep coming back and looking at bodybilling.com as a place to go is to continue to gain their trust and to be honest with them and the good and the bad. Give back to the people you owe your success to. There's more to the world than just what you produce. It's about learning how to be together as a community and learning that we all work together towards a common goal. We have a common passion which in this company it's about transforming. I'm Stacey McCulloch and the Human Resource Director for bodybuilding.com and I have been with the company for four years. There's so many meetings that I've been involved with which is kind of crazy that the CEO of the company is like, nope we're going to make that free because it's the right thing to do or you know our award-winning customer service that anybody that's ever interacted with them is blown away and saying, what how how do these people actually care about us? My name is Jared Smith. I've been with bodybuilding.com for about a year and a half and I'm currently a senior product designer. There are a lot of companies out there that put products out there in selling. Particularly in the supplement industry. They put maybe a little bit of education and some promotion of working around it. For our success, particularly because we've grown so much in a short period of time, it's been because of what we do with the customers. It's because of that core value that we give back. People trust us because of that. My name is Lance Henning. I've been working for bodybuilding.com for about a year and a half just moving to a new position over marketing. I'll be working on this business development side for the military and the gym and actually. The other day I received an email from someone who was just kind of unleashing his passion for the company and how he has felt even though I think he lives in Texas or something. He feels like bodybuilding is his family. And so I think that you can't say that about target or random companies. And the fact that we like exude that, the people feel such a close tie to our company is pretty amazing. My name is Ifadabukandy. I am a product designer and I've been working with bodybuilding.com for a year and a half. The other side is giving back to our employees that we have because they work in tandem. Our our users and our employees work together. So we have to make sure and take care of our employees who do such an incredible job of keeping this company up. To employees it's it's unlike anything I've ever seen. My gym is paid for if I go 10 times in that. You know I get to do these races that I probably would do otherwise with or free. We've got the gang from bodybuilding.com. This is the number one fundraising group and alongside his team. How much money did you guys raise team? We raised number eight best guys. You know there's so many things that we get rewarded for that are just encouraging positive way of living. A lot of people are like me. They like to be a part of something bigger than themselves that are actually making a difference. That's doing a positive thing. It's not just for the dollar, not for the greed. Setting goals creates a road map. It's a positive gains. We have a culture of achievement and a culture of entrepreneurial spirit and one of the things we do really well is we set the goals and we blow them out of the water. Time and time again. And we don't just hit the goal or get close to the goal. We take the goal and we annihilate it and crush it and we build a new goal. That's three times cooler, better, bigger, whatever. I'm Andrew Beck. I've been with bodybuilding.com for about two and a half years. I'm the International Business Development Manager. Everybody gets their work done. Plus the work of two to five other people. It's just crazy. Really pushes people to do a good job when they're comfortable to be here and they want to be here. I'm Leslie Shin and I'm the supervisor of Business Analytics team in the Customer Contact Center and I've been here a total of four years. You could ask anybody in the warehouse what our daily goals are, what our quarterly goals are, and what our yearly goals are and they would be able to recite them to you. I'm Jim. I've been with bodybuilding.com about five and a half years and I manage the Idaho Distribution Center. We're here to help people change their lives and give them the tools and motivation to do so. That is our goal. So whether you look in IT, software development, you look in marketing, you look in HR, you look in accounting, everybody, even if they're not directly touching the customer, their process in their mindset is always about how can we, with what we do, how can we make it better for these customers and reaching their goals. My name is Mike Spalding. I'm a senior recruiter and I've been here for four years now. I think back at sort of the velocity of the International Growth and we're seeing growth that would just knock your socks off, 70% growth. We've had, we have countries where our three or growth is 3,000%. The fun and scary thing has been, we've seen so much growth in the four years that I've been here that I don't even feel we've even hit our potential yet, even hit the cusp of our potential. Even though we demand excellence and we demand that we meet our goals, we also spend a lot of time celebrating meeting those goals in being successful. You're given the opportunity to create a goal based on what you think is possible, what you want to be possible and what you want to achieve and from there you're given the resources, you're given the tools you need to get there. If those don't exist, the cool thing about Bible that comes is we build those tools. We need to create some kind of interface that gets a customer in this experience. Well that doesn't exist and that will go build it. We do it every day. So it's exciting about the company. Great things will happen with the passion for competition. We're always looking to raise the bar, I think not only in our personal lives, but also in terms of you know, every aspect of the company which is information motivation supplementation. We want to provide better cutting edge, you know, substantiate its science back information. We want to provide supplements at the fastest possible pace and the cheapest possible price for people who want them and we want to motivate people to be as best as they possibly can, the best version of themselves and that is reflected I think with most employees and also with the employer, be become pushes us to be the best possible versions. My name's Chris Ellary. I'm the senior editor here at bodybuilding.com. I've worked here for roughly four years. Give her take. It's not checking the boxes, it's not coming in and filling a role. You come in and you have to contribute. You're expected to contribute. You have to you know have a passion to strive forward and to be innovative and if you're not you quickly will be left behind. My name is Brandon Poe. I'm the executive producer for the bodybuilding.com video production team and I've worked here for over three years. It isn't just selling supplements but it's providing information, motivation, supplementation and I think it shows with all the information that we have available and everything that we do for the customer that we we are very passionate. We're competitive because we want to be the best for the customer. My name is Macayle Duncan. I'm the training and employee development manager in customer service and I've been here for four and a half years. I think it encompasses everything about what we stand for. We inspire. We motivate our visitors, our customers to compete against themselves, compete in bodybuilding competitions, fitness competitions. So I think we really we practice what we preach. I'm Booker Neighbors senior manager within the contact center and I've been working for bodybuilding.com for almost four years. I come to work every day knowing that I'm going to I'll do myself or I'm going to try and out do what I did the day before or at least and if I don't at least I try it and I put in the effort. Bebecom as an employer is dedicated to hiring some awesome passionate creative driven employees and especially in the content department because it really does require a certain amount of fire, not only for the content itself so for fitness related material but also for presentation and creativity. I mean there are a million other places out there now that are trying to copy about it building.com or do what we do and so if we lay back and we become complacent with ourselves and he's success that we've achieved so far. It's only a matter of time before somebody underneath us, you know with that with that competitive fire over passes us. I love coming to work and seeing the people that I get to work with because they inspire me to do a better job. They inspire me take risks. I think that's a huge part of it. I think our company is great at sponsoring risk taking and so many companies are afraid of taking risks that they never really get a chance to break out of the box and we destroyed the box a long time ago. We set the box on fire and we kicked it off a cliff and now we get to take risks and innovate and I love being able to do that. It's our goal to make the big idea bigger. I really like the idea of a company always looking at the things they're doing and saying how could we do it better. So never be unhappy, never getting complacent and I think that is the same thing in body-milling of fitness. To really be great reaching your fitness goals and to continue to improve. It's all about here's where I am now. Not just looking at your competition and other people but looking at yourself and saying these are the good things, let's try to make it better and always shooting for something a little bit bigger. And so for us moving forward that's part of just who we are that's in our DNA. We wouldn't be happy just keeping things the same as they've always been or just being just as good as some of our competition in certain things. We really say what have we done, what do we think is great and now let's take it to the next level. My name is Ryan Deluca. I'm the CEO and founder of BodyVille.com. I've been here for approximately since the beginning. You know there's always a, but what if we could do this and then what if we could even go one step farther and add on this piece and then this piece. You know we're always building five years out down the line and dreaming about what we could build and then figuring out how we can go back to it. So it's much less about the tactics involved but really the big idea first and then we'll map out in time line how to get there. My name is John Hardesty. I'm the vice president of Digital Publishing at BodyVille.com. I've been here for two years now. When you come up with ideas, you figure out the ways it's not only execute it but execute it better than anyone else. Being able to help our customers truly achieve their goals from fitness perspective when it's getting in shape, staying in shape. It's not just talking, it's we're actually making the investment to put those ideas to work which again are going to enable us to not only differentiate but better people's lives and you know the end result is they're not going to need or want to go anywhere else. That's that's a pretty powerful value statement. My results, Dr. Strategic Partnerships, they hear at BodyVille.com. I've been a BodyVille.com for about 20 months. We provide the mobile, we provide the engine, workout tools. If we provide across the board every solution they need, how can we not cover everything, how can we not make that big ideas because it can be? My name is Darren Hogue. I have been with BodyVille.com for four years now and I am our office administrator. We're the largest online supplement store. We have the largest online fitness community which are all big ideas by themselves but the cool thing is getting all the teams and BodyVille.com together and really making all those big ideas when cohesive big ideas. I'm Preston Lewis. I'm the marketing creative director and I've worked it bodybuilding.com for a year and a half. I think since the beginning we've constantly been evolving our website and if you look at the site from over the years it's constantly been changing and we're never happy with it. There's no other company in the area or in our industry that works on projects at this scale. I feel like every single day there's an opportunity to be even just a little bit innovative. We're always thinking about hey is it possible that we could do x, y, y and offer it for free? There's not a lot of companies that can say that and actually build that into their business model and then also be growing by 35% at the same time. We are always focused on innovating. How can we take the idea that we had last year and make it better? We've constantly upgraded the video quality. I don't know how community-it-you know what people now want more profiling and want tracking capabilities. We want to have social counterbibs. We add in new features like bodies. We continue to add more things to our 24-7 customers. We have really fast service to our customers when it comes to how can we make it fast? So we put in a new contract with UPS. Your package is going to take long in the three days to get delivered. We are going to upgrade it at no extra charge to two-day air. We need to be doing everything for the customer and if this is something that'll help us to help the customers, we'll do it. Kind of think about it like going up the next level with stairs but it's really not just stairs when you're moving up. It's an escalator that's going down because you're constantly having to go faster just to keep up with where you were yesterday. And so really pushing on continue to innovate, making things bigger, and really staying. How can we do this better for the customer? Is a secret to our long-term success? Our mission is not complete until the customer says, well. Every day we get emails from customers saying thank you bodybuilding.com. You've transformed my life. From a dad who's lost 130 pounds, it comes swing as a son around the room to a mom who's decided that depression is not going to take over her life. I think that it's our customers that wow us more than we could ever wow them. Jen Heatherington, director of marketing. I've been with bodybuilding.com for about a year and a half. We make videos spot lighting some of our customers that have made huge transformations in their lives and I think that really makes them feel special and valued and when they get emails from our customer service director after orders asking them how they are, I think that really makes them feel valued and coming back. My name's Jillian Fimer and the digital publishing coordinator and I've been with the company for over two years. I think it's a crisis people. I think people aren't used to kind of customer service anymore. We get emails all the time. We're like, you know, you help me right away. I'm not used to that. You guys called me back. Did this for this for my order? You reshipped it right away. I didn't have any hassle. It surprises people and they're just like, you know, I'll come back just for that reason. Melissa Keith, billing in fraud specialists, nitric there since in Blast May so that a year and a half. We really try and keep the customer in mind every step of the way, whether it's what the website looks like when they're clicking through body space to their experience when opening the box. We want to put ourselves in their shoes and make sure that we would be just as excited as they are. My name is Kelly Ryder. I'm the customer advocate and I've been with bodybuilding.com for three and a half years. It's valuable for the customer. To have these wow experiences to feel appreciated and to feel supported. And one way that we can do that is by recognizing our customers. Without that, then why would they keep coming back? My name is Derek Faylor and the retention marketing manager here at Bodybuilding.com and I've been here for seven months. You have the executives, the leads of this company sitting down and saying, how can we put the customer first, what can we do that's going to wow them, whether it's their shopping experience at the store, or some new amazing content or trainers that we can push out to them to help them reach their goals. We all do a really excellent job of knowing that we're here for the customer and not the other way around. We are here for a bigger purpose than just to create your older value or just to get a paycheck. We come to work every day changing people's lives around the world. We're helping people change their lives. That's pretty fulfilling and it's really kind of an incredible thing to be a part of. We get to change people's lives every day. It's amazing. I mean, I really, I've never worked for a company that's so passionate for other people. I love what Bodybuilding not comes about and I love to be a part of it. You're going to immediately change lives for me. It just is a fit. It truly is, after all these years, a place where I feel like I'm at home. We're all here to change the world every day and we do and we all know it and we all love it. That's what drives us and that's what drives me. Almost every day people come up to me and say, man, did you ever think the company would get this big and you've been so successful and what you're secret and immediately you have to say that the secret has been the people we have here. And it's really been the team. I get a lot of credits simply being the CEO and the founder of the company, but the credit really goes to the hardworking passionate people we have here that every day can admit their talent and their creativity to this goal of ours of helping people reach their fitness goals. Oh, Ryan is like my idol. Like I don't even know where to begin with that guy. I want to be him someday. I don't know why you love or keep bodybuilding. Wow, I'm just time to be have. I love working on Bodybuilding a lot of calm, just mainly for the people in the environment that works here. Bodybuilding.com is probably one of the most fun companies I have ever worked for. It's the energy that the employees at this company have. You just can't match it anywhere else. You're not be passionate about something that you've done and actually works for you and, you know, I mean, look at me. I look really good. Once you walk in the doors, you just see to catch it from other folks. I mean, just the enthusiasm that I see. Oh, there's a lot of reasons why I love it here. Do you want me to start off alphabetically? I don't think that I'll ever find another place to work. That will make me as happy as this place does. You not only, you know, promote a healthy lifestyle, but you end up living it because of the people that you're surrounded by. I love coming to work every day. I love working at Bodybuilding.com because of the people. We really do have the Kremlin sort of rest here at Bodybuilding.com. It's provided an outlook for being the best employee I can be. Like constant encouragement of being a better person. We are Boyce Young professionals. Next generation's best place to work in Idaho. There's no better place to work. Like a party every day. No, it's awesome. It's fun. It's very energetic. It's positive. It will change everything about your life. It'll make you passionate. It'll make you happy. It'll make you healthy and you'll be super excited every single day you come to work. I get a dairy-y to work here and be happy anywhere else. Like it's just not going to happen. We have like three hours to do this. We need three hours to this question. But it's starting over. My name is Martin Rosals. Kingpimp at Bodybuilding.com. These are my f***. It's a bad under on a blanket. I love working out Bodybuilding.com because John Hardesties here. It's your goal to make the big idea. Bigger. I can't remember what my title is. Okay, we do that one. We're all um. Oh god, what a choice. Hmm. Alright. My name's Bodybuilding.com. I've worked with the company for four and a half years. Give back to the people you've always said. Seriously, I can't do with you in here. Ron makes me nervous. Big is little. Bigger is better. I love working at Bodybuilding.com. Little bit of a f***. Sorry. I looked away. Can we start a new f***ing step? One of my favorite core values is... What is f***ing gosh. Sorry. My mouth is shaking. It's our goal to make the big idea. Bigger. That there gains. That there goal setting. Oh my gosh, we're saying it. My hands. Rest in peace. Oh my gosh. Yeah, I'm so happy. Okay. That's not quite the way I want to say it. I'm like over the camera. It sounds redundant. Do I speak from a position or from the group? And I can create 24-7 on BodySpace whenever I feel like it. That's one of my favorite things to do on my class time activities. Oh, Jaggers is a little bit of a... Insovigatrasha, Bigger the MXU! And I think that as I'm talking, because I'm good at talking, I completely forgot what the question was. And I'm just not rambling. So there's a rumor that it started as companies meet Britney Spears. And I'm not going to say it's not true. Do I speak in terms of the CEO or do I speak in terms of Ryan D'Luca? Let me do it again. You're a f***ing little idea here. What we do is we take it. We put it on a platter. We put the Demic Blossomari. We put some pepper, some salt, we make it the bigger. And of course we make it the best there. Because we have fresh. I feel really good about it. I like I've maxed. I'm done. So we're going to cut here. Yes. We're not done yet. Oh, damn. If Britney's out there, come here. Yeah.