My name is Chris Gethren and I'm here to help you achieve the body of your dreams. No matter your goal or age, no matter if you've tried and failed before, with body by design you can transform your physique for the better. Your journey will begin from the thoughts in your head through the muscles of your body and the food on your plate. If you're ready to get started, I'll be right there with you. You see, I know what it's like to be trapped inside an unhealthy body. When I was a teenager, I fell in love with motorcross, cross country motorcycle racing. And my love for extreme sports led me to a group of extreme athletes who like me, enjoyed pushing the limits on a race course as well as the bars on the party circuit. I suffered from severe asthma and I had to do a lot of cardiovascular exercise just so I could finish a race. I was eating greasy breakfast and my meals often consisted of processed food, candy, and a lot of alcohol. One day racing I severely injured my back and the worse I felt, the more I hung around with other people who share the same bad habits. Before I knew it, my social network had shaped me into a different person with different priorities from the ones I'd always had. I was depressed, my back and asthma got worse and I sunk to a personal low. And this low point was my transformation trigger, the catalyst I needed to change my habits for good. Today, on the editor and chief of BodyBillin.com, the world's largest online fitness community with over 2 million members. On our social fitness network, body space, over 600,000 members log on, share their progress, offer tips and give encouragement to each other. Every day I help people transform their lives in a tame, peak level of health, where they want to build muscle, lose fat or just make healthier choices every day. But I didn't do it overnight and I didn't do it alone and you don't have to either. By following the BodyBillin Design Program and tapping into the communities of BodySpace and BodyBillin.com, you'll have an incredible support system ready to help you succeed. The BodyBillin Design Program isn't about the latest guru who's found a quick and trendy way to get fit. Nor is it a program where you're going to be subtracting from your life, cutting calories, eating a single type of food for a month. What I'm talking about is a 12 week fitness program that's designed to create a dramatic transformation from within the body based on my 11 years experience, training men and women, young and old. Think of the BodyBillin Design Program as a crowd-sourced fitness plan that's evolved organically from thousands of body space members and my own clients. Every by-design harnesses the wisdom of the crowd and pioneers a new way forward for people to build better bodies. By aggregating the knowledge of the body space many, we're able to help one, you. In this book of collected the most effective exercises, the best eating practices and the latest science on peak performance and motivation and I'll share them with you. But even the best diet and exercise program won't last for long without one key factor, real and lasting motivation. BodyBill Design will set you up for lifelong success beginning with a four pillars of motivation. First I'll help you identify the negative influences in your life and replace them with positive encouragement. I'll help you find your own transformation trigger so you can feel your own program. Next you'll set attainable measurable goals. Not all goals are created equal. I'll teach you how to set a goal to provide you the best chance of success. Good, you'll discover how to create radical accountability to tap into your friends, loved ones and a body space community that you need for the support to keep with the program. Lastly, you'll bring it all home into the real world. And to make your resolution stick, you need to anticipate future obstacles and learn how to control factors outside of your new motivational system of support. Once you understand the science of real lasting motivation, you'll be ready to begin the BodyBill Design 12-week plan. First I'll teach you why strength training is an essential part of any program where you want to lose weight or gain muscle. This simple effective program is clear enough for a beginner to follow but challenging enough that if you are experienced in lifting weights, you'll see dramatic results. Then I'll teach you how to exercise for optimum results in a minimal amount of time, introducing new routines so your body never platters and you don't get bored. The BodyBill Design program features three phases of ever-increasing challenge so you're always trying something new and your body doesn't become complacent in its exercise routine. It's clean to get lean with simple, inexpensive and healthy recipes to fuel your body to ultimate health. Let me make one thing clear. The BodyBill Design Utrition program is not a diet where you eat less to weigh less. Instead, you'll learn how to pump up your metabolism by eating more the right foods and eating more frequently to keep your hunger pains under control and to keep cravings at bay. Plus you'll hear amazing stories from people like you who've experienced dramatic, life-changing results. People like Monica Greggson, who's so worn out from the stress of a job that she gave up caring for her own health. Despite an initial setback from an on-the-job injury, Monica learned to incorporate the exercise into a busy lifestyle, she reached all of the goals and lost 55 pounds in a process. Or Ricky Howe, who felt like his life was formed apart, his marriage of 11 years had just ended in divorce and he was struggling financially. But when he was awarded custody of his two children, he knew he had to turn his life around. By using the principles of the BodyBill Design program, he was able to achieve a stronger healthier body and a new sense of confidence. I've seen the most amazing things happen when people get the tools they finally need to achieve their goals. The BodyBill Design program isn't a workout or a diet, it's a movement of like-minded people who want to look and feel their best beginning with today. Now it's time for you to join the transformation nation and create your own story that will inspire others. Get started today with BodyBill Design.