I'm John Chamberg, a strength coach to athletes and fighters around the world, and to check out George St. Pierre and what makes him the best, check out his new movie, The Striking Truth, brought you by www.bodybuilding.com. Great site. Hey guys, Hot Fits, Go! One more, Go! Good, good job. My name is Amanda Latzona, I am the 2009 Blacks The Keenan Model Search Championships winner. I am here today going to show you a pro bikini glute training workout so you too can have sculpted bikini glute like a pro. I've been training since I'm like 15 years old, so almost like 20 years thing to do it, you know. Every pro athletes they train every day, like look at them, football players, they run every day, they lift weights every day and they're still writing and good size, you know. So I don't believe much in the opposite training, maybe for volleyballing, but if you don't want to direct speed and more functional, I think you can train your whole body every day. My name is Chris Gethin and I'm here to help you achieve the body of your dreams. What I'm talking about is a 12 week fitness program that's designed to create a dramatic transformation from within the body based on my 11 years experience training men and women, young and old. This program is not going to be easy. If it was easy, then everybody would be walking around with a physique that they desired, but if I can do it, you can do it. So what's unique about this program? I'll be doing it right alongside with you. If you want it bad enough, then follow me. Hey everybody, I'm Ashley Conreds, Liberty Fitness Trainer and owner of Clutch Body Shop Los Angeles. Today I'm going to be taking you through a abroutine that I used to get by the Cooper and Shake for 18, probably most nice, eight pack abs. We're going to be using Mr. Brandon Poe as our principal expert taking you through the routine. Begin. 1 2 3 1 2 3 2 3 2 3 3 2, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go! What? Hey everybody, it's Terry Cruz from the new movie. This best action movie of the summer, the expendable. I'm gonna never give it. I'm gonna always stay in shape. And forever, if you see me, I'll be the best looking 90 year old guy you've ever seen. That's my plan. Let me tell you, for more content like this, you gotta go to bodybuilding.com. It's the place to be baby. Expendables August 13. BAM! BAM!