Caffeine comes from two primary sources. One would be chemical synthesis, which is a majority of caffeine. The other would be from the decaffeination process of coffee. What is left over on the side is caffeine. Caffeine actually was one of the unique sports nutrition ingredients that's also available as an other kind of drug in the FDA drug monograph. For that use, it's been used for a long time and improved to enhance alertness to improve cognitive functional mental function and improve endurance. So if you think about that, it could be a perfect pre-workout ingredient or supplement. You can take before training to increase your state of alertness, to increase perhaps your motivation, and also to reduce your feelings of being fatigued before you start training and while you're training. And it has been shown to actually improve strength performance, but the best research is that improving endurance performance at intense endurance activities. When you're looking for a caffeine containing sports performance supplement, make sure that it indicates exactly how much caffeine from all different sources is found in each towel that a capsule or if it's in a drink or a shot. Because it does seem that it can have a significant impact upon you feeling it or not or improving performance and also the downside of caffeine, and that would be the adverse reactions of caffeine, jitters, irritability, over stimulation, which can actually reduce your workout performance. Caffeine has a pretty wide dosage range, but it's important to stay in that sweet spot. And that's three to six milligrams per kilogram of bond weight or 1.4 to about 2.7 milligrams per pound of body weight. If you go below that, it likely won't work if you go above that or even in the higher range, some people may get overstimulated and that can lead to reduced workout performance and a tough and high-resleep or no sleep that night. What it's often combined or stacked with is a wide variety of ingredients that are sometimes an often unknown interactions. So caffeine itself is a stimulant and when you combine with other ingredients that can have a stimulant effect, you can get some side effects. It's important to start solely or with lower dosage and workout. What's cool about caffeine from pure source compared to caffeine when you take it in from coffee or tea is that even though your body absorbs the same amount, the policy of the caffeine from pure source is higher or greater compared to that coming from coffee or tea.