Hey gang Nicole Costa here, professional fitness and bikini model and spoke model for in my opinion the best nutrition company on the planet on next nutrition. And today what we're going to do is talk to you about my five top tips of making cardio fun. Okay so right now I am actually in training for miss speaking in university in June and part of my workout regimen definitely includes cardio. I do cardio every morning, five days a week for 60 minutes and for me I definitely have to keep it interesting in think of ways to make it fun. We all know it can be very boring and monotonous. Okay so my first tip is for me personally I have to do 60 minutes so what I like to do is break up the routine into 20 minutes three different exercises. So usually what I do is 20 minutes on the treadmill where I like to kind of do some interval training running for a minute then walking for a minute kind of keep your heart rate going up and down which definitely helps burn more calories and then the second machine I usually do is the elliptical for 20 minutes and then the third one I usually do is the step mill kind of get a good leg workout in. So definitely keeps it interesting and makes the time go by much faster. Okay so my second tip for making cardio fun is definitely bring that iPod. What I like to do is sort of give my iPod variation where I have you know rock and roll high intense music where I'm doing some you know intense cardio. And then I have my slow songs where I'm kind of winding down and cooling off. So definitely bring that iPod because it will make the time go by much faster. Okay so my third tip for making cardio fun is it's always fun to do cardio with a partner but you just have to really make sure that you don't go so deep into conversation that you was focused on your intensity because our ultimate goal we know when we do cardio it needs to be intense you need to sweat and burn those calories. So tip number four for making cardio fun is to include some interval training in your cardio regimen. For instance if you're on the treadmill you could run for a minute and then walk for a minute or two and your heart rate's going up and down so you're burning more calories and the time definitely goes by quicker. Okay so my fifth and final tip for making cardio fun is to switch it up completely get away from the machines and try a high intensity dance class one of my favorites is Zumba and if you haven't tried it I really urge you to do it you literally leave drenched and you burn tons of calories and it's definitely a great way to switch it up and keep it in your eyes. Okay so thanks for watching my five top tips on making cardio fun. I'm Nicole Costa and for more content like this please visit Bodybuilding.com.