Bodybuilding.com changes lives. We are your free personal trainer, nutritionist, supplement expert, lifting partner and support group. Body space, our free online fitness community, is your space. It's a place for you to share your struggles, showcase your success, upload photos, make friends, stay accountable, support others, and join a network of people becoming their best selves. Body space is your one-stop social transformation station, complete with tools designed to help you achieve your health and fitness goals. When you sign up for a free body space account, we guide you through the transformation process. We help you, select your main goal, choose your goal physique based on what you want to look like. Offer an accurate timeline to help you hit that goal and set you up with friends, tools and tips for fitness success. Once you've signed up, you can set a body banner, take progress pictures, start a body log, and track your fitness journey. Make, follow, and help your friends succeed. Tell the community which members inspire you and become an inspiration. Select a custom workout, name your plan, write a quick description, select your main goal, start adding exercises, designate sets, reps and rest periods, then choose the difficulty level. Save your workout as a template, then track the workout when you're ready to hit the gym. Track when you worked out, how you felt, and how much you lifted to ensure you continually progress toward your goal. With our programs feature, you can now find a bodybuilding.com designed fitness program, or another body space members program, and track the entire program from your body calendar. Once you set a program, start date, you can sync the calendar with your phone, and track it directly from the palm of your hand. Of course, this is just the beginning. Like you, body space is always transforming, it's always getting better. We're improving navigation, usability, design, comments, profile features, and more. Also, check out Fitboard where you can post, share, and showcase your favorite photos and content. Body space is your space. We're dedicated to making it better. Join the community, help us change lives.