Hello guys, my name is Boaz, I'm team bodybuilding.com athlete from Brazil. The free time is in my lawyer and the guitar player. I'm also an IFBB man's physique competitor. When I was younger, I always liked playing sports. When I was a skinny guy, I waited like 100 in tiny pounds. Really wanted to get bigger. What drives me everyday is the desire to be my best self. Since I entered Bodybuilding.com, I always liked to get a stage because there are a lot of guys that do this thing and have a lot of cool, nice. But I wasn't a meal of law school, so I didn't have that time to focus on the prep. Once I finished it, I said, if I don't do it now, I will never do it. Then I started preping for my first show in the same year. The office isn't usually to wait lifting four times a week. Worked today, take on the off, worked today, take the weekend off. Then when it starts getting close, it starts to rip right. I go up to five days and when it's rip mode, six to seven days a week. I do one body part per week. When I'm in office, I usually do tri-seps with chest and biceps with shoulders or back. And legs, I do it on the one side. I feel like I can push it more. I go for like one hour and a half. If I have to do card, you're of course going to be longer, but my training doesn't go longer than on our. You're a protein shakes today. It helps you a lot if you're like a busy guy, you don't have time to eat. You have the mirror placement, the protein shakes. We can easily have any time. I really want to improve my shoulders size because of F really. My arms are big and when I get on stage, they over size my shoulders. I really look at to Chris Gettin to a week program. I saw all the videos and of course, by the space, I have to be a lot and a super side. If they are, they are the cause of dieting and training. Yeah, you really need to organize yourself. I mean prep your food before I always wake up earlier, prep all my food. I get in my six pack, six meals, get it with me through the day. It makes it easier to eat where I need that. I don't have time to drink some shakes. Leave the healthy left side. Don't make the looks most important. Your health is the most important for sure. You need to love what you're doing. If you don't like it, you're not going to succeed. So that's the way you're going to find your balance. You can find me at Instagram. It's at bo and riqueh and also facebook. It's facebook.com. There's a bo and riqueh and by the space also, I was updating it. It's bo and riqueh the same. I'll set your body with you.com, spot your models for your video. On bo and riqueh.com, we'll see you in the next videos. I'll see you in the next video.