I'm gonna be joking with big weights. You're gonna be little, little weights. On basis this one of days, it's a couple of days. You're just mad, you're doing more and more. My gels are still burning right now. It's like they're on fire. I'm gonna face the big day. Now we do some rotator-coffected sizes. I think that's one of the main reasons I've never suffered a rotator-coff injury. I always dream much before I even work out. If I'm doing any upper body workout, I do rotator-coff, I don't know. I've never done any other workout. I've never done any other workout. I've never done any other workout. I've never done any other workout. I've never done any other workout. I've never done any other workout. I do rotator-coff, I've never done any other workout. I do some light stretching. I do a good, warm-up. You know, days like the day I have three layers of clothes on. You know, so you make sure you get some heat. Get some blood and muscle before you start. Don't heavy. Today, we want to pre-quick sometimes. Even the time we get to presses, we're not warmed up. So we do two or three more light sets before we start. We're going up and weight. You need a Johnny, both like doing workouts first like that. So when we start doing our heavy presses, you know, you already warmed up. Got some blood and muscle and it's a lot easier. We did a workouts first. We did a workouts first. We did a warm-up good and then we can do our heavy presses. I think I did any one part of the belt, but you know you can focus on it, you know, you know having a fully developed belt. You don't want to look good just from the front, but you only get from the front to side in the rear. You know, and so you were dealt also a play of parking when you hit your back of a bus, so your last bridge. Front side deals are probably the most important part of your belt, not the rear belt, aren't, but your front delts from your stand to the front. You know, you're doing all your front shots, even your side shots, man. You know, you want that good cap, you know, off-work your belts. Your front delts is, right, the strongest part of your delts, that's what you use primarily using it when you're doing presses, front raises, you know, even when you're doing chest. Use a lot of front delts. And I'll do a lot of work for the front delts, and you'll totally fatigue it. So we start off with the front delts and trash it out. Come on! I usually lead the workout, so I just go and find and get enough out of it and do another one. Sometimes we come back in them. We would do drops at some military, sometimes work up there heavy weight, then we might do a two or three sets with the heavy weight. You know, last week I think in the journey we worked up to 365 and did a drop set on the second set. So you just need to, we still go back real. Some days is this one of days, it's a f***ing day. You're just mad and you do more and more. Nothing is set and stoned. You know what I'm saying? I get through and I need to do more and do more. You know, I usually have a, I damn my mind what I'm going to shoot for. You know, sometimes you get it. You go back and you say I need to do more. You know, I just don't feel like I had enough, so we're coming back to a drop set. What we did today is very typical. We changed some of the exercises up a little bit, but I don't change up that much. There are certain exercises we pretty much do every week. You know, my back workout, workout, chest workout, so kind of been the same for years. You're never going to have to change up the reps a little bit or, you know, order, but you're kind of keeping the same. Last week it was just me and Johnny on a belt. You know, Matt wasn't here. He's out of town, so he made a comment man. He said, we're getting a lot more rest this week. You know, because that another person here is so, no, it doesn't matter if it's one person. Two people, you know, we never have more than three people. I just see one person goes and I just go and say, you just keep your sense of you. You know, you know, you know, you're like that, you know, you don't, you don't work around, you say, focus. And the person front of you gets finished, you're strapped up and ready to go. Always like to do my heavy stuff. You begin to work out, you know, usually, there's some exceptions. I don't do full-fossic trips. I don't know how many things anymore. Just because, you know, the matter way to have to move to go to failure at that is just not worth it at this point. You know, the risk I waited for. No one else younger. I would do super heavy weight, you know, I can do full-fob on presses, but, you know, I'm just sitting up for it. It's just point, you know, doing that as a little bit extra weight doesn't outweigh the risk of doing it, you know, so don't want to eat more injuries, so I don't want to look the right away. There's a good day, I'm pretty weeks out, and then my strength was a whole lot pretty good still. You know, I'm back off the last week, but I'll be in a different place to be big. So, you want to be big, you want to be big weights. You want to be little, little weights. People think that a body builds all about being in here is a gym. It really, truly, about 25% of being a bodybuilder is here in the gym. You know, he's been to most of the couple hours a day in here, so the other 22 hours of the day you're not in here. And so, the most important part in the biggest part of being a bodybuilder is nutrition. Nutrition includes supplementation, vitamins, minerals, proteins, because if you don't have the proper nutrients in your body, you're not going to grow. It doesn't matter how hard you train in here, you're never going to realize the results and get the results you wanted. If you don't supplement a meat properly, if you're looking to be a competitive bodybuilder in the gym, it's essential. One of the best things about muscle tech is, you know, they're on the cutting edge of a product development. They're always coming out with new products. They have a research and development team that they always come out with some of the new listen. The best products that I keep is on the cutting edge of the supplement industry. Being a member of the muscle tech in the top half weeks, we get to try the products before the general public dose. So, when the devil gives us an edge, you know, a fantastic preparation. So, very cool. My drugs system. It's a great pre-workout supplement. I'll take it before my workouts. It has an incredible thermogenic effects. You know, which helps you burn body fat. So, it's something I definitely started using for a compete. And that great results was the first competition I'd used before. And I'm the best condition on my life at three weeks out. So, it's been a definitely a great training for my preparation for the FIMA title of the 2004 viral. Also, during the workouts, you know, the health, so you say focus on this. You know, through something's brutally workout, so we do. You kind of do intensity and how hard we train. You know, so you totally defeated when you get through this. Natural tech around for the workout, that's something I've done. It's sinker-leaf, you know, years because you definitely need protein. There's a period of time after you workout through your body's very receptive to protein. So, always, it's been a half a year. And then, it's some of the great products and muscle tech that's come out of place. And the past decade, like now, I'll build up something that helps ease up your recovery process. I've definitely noticed a big difference in my recovery after the workout. It's something I've been incorporated using this year for my preparation for the 2004 viral classic with the central. And the downset, don't do that from this in the opportunity and the window to get some good growth. We did some raises after I think front belts. Then, you know, we did a drop set on that. Then we came back and get a rep set. After that, we finished up with a penny presses, overhead presses with the upright rows. Sometimes we do this product every other week. We finish up like that because the stack is real heavy. We go to failure on that. Then you super set it with the upright rows. You just totally blows them out. My delts are still burning right now. That's why I keep shifting positions because it's like going far. And it just gets so much blood in there that this is a good way to finish the workout. I'm Branch 1. I have to be pro bodybuilder and team muscle tech athlete. Training to defend my 2012 Arnold classic title. I'll see if you Arnold. If you're more content like this, check out bodybuilding.com.