Welcome back to the west side, measured today. I want to break down the third week for you. But first, here's where we've been so far. Week one, I came in, I got my testing done, I established my baseline, but to the gym, I started to get into a routine. And then in the last video, I broke down my training and showed you what happened on the first combo dynamic effort day. If you missed the episode, you should watch it. But I can summarise it that a single word. Dead, I got destroyed in that workout. I didn't finish, I didn't make it to the end. We came in with a whole little testing to see where I was at and comparison to the gold standard at west side, which is 3,000 pounds of total work per minute over the entire workout. I didn't end up with a number because I didn't finish the workout. And it was all rough. Today, since that, I had my other main workouts of the week, which are my heavy upper body day, and my heavy lower body day. Both of which are fairly quick pace, although easier for me to handle than the total body dynamic day, which is an extra extreme pace. Now that being said, the third week that I've just completed before sitting down to talk with you, things are going better. I'm feeling better by part of your feeling better. My strength is starting to climb. I'm noticing a lot of improvements, and I credit a lot of those to the work that's happening so far. But there are few main things that I feel are contributing to that, most drastic. Number one, when I came to west side originally, it won't eat 11, and what I was competing is a professional strongman. Even my training on my own. I tried pretty heavy, and I trained a lot of different movements. But the movements in the rotation here now are even more unique. For example, one of the movements that is bit destroying it is the isometric solo dent. So to do this, you would set up the pins and a power rack at about mid-shin. But instead putting the bar on top of the pins, you put it underneath. And for the rest, you would pull up into the pins so you're pulling as hard as you can, when we're doing five sets of five reps, where you fold that maximum pressure for five seconds. And it is obscimally difficult. And that's just one example of a main movement in the workouts, but it has been absolutely cooking me. The other two big backers that I feel are so responsible for feeling more fit, for feeling stronger, for performing better. This is the pace and the density of the workouts. So pace generally refers to how much rest you're taking between exercises or between sets of exercises. And the less resting take, the faster your pace and the workout is. Now density is similar to pace, but it's the amount of total work you're doing in a certain amount of time. So with the idea of 3,000 pounds per minute of work, that would be significantly more dead as in terms of the workload than 2,000 pounds per minute. And 4,000 pounds per minute, which some of the top athletes here are hitting in their toughest workouts is unbelievable amounts of density. But those things together are why I feel that I'm starting to see these results and I'm starting to see his, that all of this program and all of this effort combined with everything I'm doing in the gym, not only my combination dynamic every day, but my two other main workouts with the heavy lower body and the heavy upper body. And essentially those follow the standard west side system. You have a main movement that you hammer as hard and as heavy as possible. And then you go into a series of accessory movements where you target your weakest legs. So for example, saying I'm doing a sumo-debt, or even a nice symmetric sumo-debt as my main movement. I then move into the type of exercise of a target my biggest weakness for me personally. That's often lower back. So I might be doing a good morning. That I'll move into the rest of my posterior chain and lower body with things like inverse curls with different types of hamstring exercises, with different things for my glutes and that abs and then off into the condition. Upper body workouts follow the same focus. Say I'm doing incline bench breasts as my heaviest movement. And then my main weakness on upper body is often my triceps. So I might be doing some type of close grip pressing, pressing against bass as my first accessory movement. Then moving through, hitting my tire upper body over that workout. To build muscle, to build endurance, to build strength, to build power. All of those things within each day. The rest of my routine is rounded out with the posture, and plyometric workouts that I'm doing as well as some mild conditioning in the gym, as well as at cassette, sled pulley. Now on top of that, I'm continuing to take all of my supplements, religious, and I'm noticing a better fit to my recovery because of it. I'm continuing to follow my diet. I'm continuing to go to the armory and get body work. I'm continuing to use the sauna and the cold plentiful. I'm continuing to do everything within my power to recover as intensely as possible. Because the more intense the training is, the more intense the recovery has to be to match. Now, if I'm being honest, there's only one area where I'm really falling down. And for me right now, that's sleep. And I'd argue with for two reasons. One, if you remember, I had literally moved into the gym. I am sleeping in the school room, and I am here, 1-E-4-7, a 100% dedicated and focused on this, like a fighter or a bike camp getting ready for a big match. The other reason I think my seat is suffering, it's a bigger one. And that's it. I miss my fam being away from my wife, being away from my daughters, is really eating the up. So even when I have the opportunity to sleep, I'm laying there, I'm tossing, I'm turning. And I recognize the value of sleep for recovery. And if I could not my fingers and make it better, I would. But genuinely, that's my struggle. Now, the thing that's pulling me through all of this, number one, I came here to see what West Side was today, it was still West Side. And to do that, I have to give my best that. But the other aspect is the culture and the team that are here. When, what you know, there's a hean coming in, and they're going to be training beside you giving their absolute all. You can't let them down by missing a workout, by showing up and giving a half effort, by cutting corners. You're going to be more serious to push yourself beside them pushing as hard as they can. And vice versa, you've owe it to that. You owe it to the gym, your training part, your tea. It's one of the most powerful aspects that anyone can take advantage of when it comes to getting better results, the culture you're a part of, and the team you're around. There's going to be days you pull them forward, there's going to be days they pull you forward, and there's going to be days you're both on fire for all on fire and you're moving forward together. And one of the unique elements of the West Side System, because it's built on percentages, you can trade with anyone and all be working equally as hard. I can train with one of the top rapplers on the planet. I can train with a pro MMA fight. I can train with lacrosse players. I can train with a firefight. I was working out this week with a professional B-mail volleyball player, and both of us side-by-side are getting absolutely wrecked the exact same. As we're giving 100% effort on the exact same percentages of what were capable of, and doing a sexually relative to ourselves the same amount of work. So knowing that I'm working just as hard as the person that's to be, that their working just as hard as me, that everyone in here is giving their all to the exact same level of difficulty. I can't let myself down, I can't let this place down, and I can't let the team down. But, over the next week, where we both find out, if that was enough, if I lived up to the work, and if the work worked, I'll be getting all of my post-sesting dumbbells we could have to be preparing to the metrics we had in week one, and most importantly, I'll be trying to get redemption on the whole body dynamic day where I failed. I'll see you next week, we'll find out together if I make it through, but I appreciate you watching, and I hope I've got some good results for it.