Here we go. Last year's workout, trying to hit that 3,000 pounds per minute. Let's see what happens. The world I mean can't drip, can't source like me. Rip and lid up on the magic key. I am the one that the two of the three get on my level if you want to be. Better than ever I got what I need. Push in the limit that's how it's gonna be. I promise I won't take it easy. So many break things that come with that greasy. So many break things that I give in my pressure. Just like that. Just like that. Just like that. Call hints so many break things that come with that greasy. So make that give them that pressure. Just like that. Since when you don't have to believe me. I'm gonna do my thing. Was me, do my thing. I'm gonna do my thing. I did not come to play. I ain't come to limit get a strike. Okay, some just saw the workout and obviously I lived through it so that's a huge win compared to week number one but as soon as I finished that winter time I'm like okay what was my time? What were my numbers? Did I make it? Did I make it? Last chance to hit the 3000 pounds per minute did I pull it off. So as soon as I finished the workout I go see Tom and he gives me all the stats so we got 63 minutes of total work that's how long the workout took me in terms of total amount of work or the volume over the entire workout. It was just over 243,000 pounds of work and then the number that matters most my volume per minute came in at 3,899 pounds per minute as my average for the workout. So met the 3000 pounds per minute goal and clearly exceeded it. That put me in third place with all the athletes pouring in here training. So by far by far my best performance and a phenomenal result. So I want to talk to you about how I got that result within the gym what I think the contributing factors were. I'll give you the other results I hit and then I'll talk to you about the two main questions that I came here to answer. So in terms of getting this result obviously I was fully dedicated. I live here. I've been living at the gym to give this everything that I possibly have and that obviously contributes. I've been incredibly consistent with my diet. I've been incredibly consistent with my recovery. I've been incredibly consistent taking all of the supplements that I have here to help me improve my recovery to perform my best. I haven't missed at all. Now outside of that the community in here, the professional athletes, some of the best in the world who do this day in and day out. I live like I live the month they've lived for years. They are completely dedicated. They are in here every week giving everything they have being around this community being in that environment. It's not only contagious but it's powerful and that has motivated me. It's inspired me. It's pushed me forward. There's times it pulled me along but it's gotten me through. Now it's pulled the best out of me especially the idea that they're living like this. They're doing these workouts up for a week or two weeks or a month. They're doing these weekend and week out for years and that's what's making them. We're allowing them to be some of the best athletes on the planet. And then finally I would argue this system itself. The conjugate system I think I told you this week number one. I believe it's the most advanced powerful strike leadership system on the planet. And the modifications that Tom has made for it in terms of directing it at these athletic goals in the way it's put into practice here. I don't believe there's a better system in the world. And those three things are an amazing system, a ton of personal discipline and then a community of killers who are giving their abs to the best. That is a recipe for success and that's the recipe that I follow here for this month at West Side. In terms of the rest of my results when we first talked, we did body comp. We did my performance in the workout so though in the first week that was obviously. I didn't have a tangible number for that because I bombed and didn't finish the workout. But that was one of our metrics and then we had my VO2 max. So body comp, body comp, what pretty good? I lost 4.8 pounds of body fat this month while building just over a pound and a half of lean body tissue on top of that one thing that I thought was super cool. I gained 0.2 pounds of bone and my assumption is the incredible amount of ball you'd be amount of total work and how heavy and hard some of the work is like the isometrics contributed to that. I obviously can't tell you exactly how that happened but I thought that number was pretty cool. So body comp went perfect especially because my focus was performance. I wasn't dialing in my diet like a bodybuilder trying to get ready for a contest and lose body fat. I was looking for performance. Next, obviously the 3,000 pound per minute target, nailed checkmark on that one with an exclamation mark behind it ended up just over 3800 pounds of volume per minute in this last workout like we talked about phenomenal VO2 max. Little bit of a trickier one to report. I was convinced this entire project that I was getting better and I talked to Tom about it. I can't guarantee you would increase your VO2 max and measure will increase in VO2 max before we should not very likely. And I stubbornly like plated my flag in that VO2 max is going to be my thing. I went back to retest it. I ran almost a full stage longer in the VO2 test than I did previously. At a lower heart rate in each stage, then my previous performance, however at the end we discovered there been a malfunction with the equipment itself so I don't have a firm number. But I ran 2 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 2 1 1 1 1 1 1 2 1 1 2 1 1 1 1 1 2 1 1 1 2 1 1 2 1 1 2. Taking that as a win even though I can't give you an exact number but I told you in the beginning. Good bad ugly. My goal is to be completely transparent with you so I could lie and give you a number. But that wouldn't be the true story. How to problem with the equipment? I can't tell you what the number is but I could tell you I performed better. And that's a pretty shocking thing to be able to share. Looking at the idea that I did almost no typical cardio. And I did I think 2 or 3 days, right? It's an interval on the airdine bike. Obviously I'm working really hard in the workouts. But I didn't go for a run or do anything like that once over this month and still saw an improvement in my VO2 Mac in 4 weeks which it's pretty insane. So looking at all of those performance body composition, VO2 Mac cardio bass to the help all of that. The two questions I told you I was here to answer. Number 1 what could happen if I fully dedicated myself over 4 weeks? And I'd say the answer to that is a lot can happen. Almost 5 pounds of body fat over a pound of lean tissue gained bone. My performance in the workouts in the combo DE day, worth a little bit did not finish to 3800 pounds of work per minute for 63 minutes. My VO2 Mac is improved. All of these things are pretty dramatic results, especially when you look at them at 4 weeks. That's just 4 weeks. Like I talked about before, the professional athletes over here are living this week in week out for years. Which is why it's in the best of the world. But even for week the changes were pretty dramatic. Now the second question I said I was coming in here to answer. Is is West Side still West Side? Obviously the power lifting isn't still here obviously Louis isn't still here. But it's a spear here. If this version of West Side still true to the West Side that that I came to visit it changed the trajectory and direction of my life and my career. And I'm almost more excited to give you this answer that I am the results I just shared because the answer is absolutely the culture, the intensity, the interactions between the athletes in here pushing themselves and pushing each other to be the absolute best they can be. It is still, it still has the heart that West Side had in its previous incarnation. The athletes look different. They focus on different sports. The conjugate method has been manipulated and reshaped slightly towards these goals. But the intangibles that made West Side great are exactly what continue to make it great today. And I can honestly say I don't think Louis could have picked a better person to hand this off to then Tom and the results and the community and the athletes. All of that punctuate that reality. And I'm saying that to you as the only person I love today who came here to train as a strong man, as a power lifter, back in in the early 2000s with Louis, when Louis was here in 2011 with my first trip and then coming back now and doing this and the only person who experienced both and its net. It's a risky position because I didn't want to be disappointed and I'm very, very glad to say that I'm not. And with that in mind, I think the only other things I can say are number one, I'd like to thank everybody who won't make this possible. I'd like to thank you for watching it. I'd like to thank bodybuilding.com, being like absolutely, let's show people what this is and to give me the freedom in showing them, be like whatever happens happens. We're not going to make anything up. We're not going to script it. We're not going to set it up. It's going to be what it is. And then companies like muscle meds, MHP and airway who believe in this project are not to go, hey, we have no idea what can happen but we know you use our stuff already. We know you believe in it and we'd like to support you in any way we can. MHP and carnival victims where I have the best possible supplements and everything I need to maximize my results here, airway. Ensuring that I can maximize my engine performance and believing in bringing this project to you which was incredibly exciting. Obviously, West Side, if you've heard anything about West Side, seeing the stuff out there, heard the lore. West Side's a pretty secretive private place or has a reputation of being that and opening the doors to show you everything we're doing is a huge thing which brings me to my final point. If a lot of what I'm telling you in terms of what I experience, what happened, what my results were. If I was you it would sound a little unbelievable to me. 3800 pounds per minute for 63 minutes, 243,000 pounds of work over a workout after four weeks ago, not being able to get through a way, it sounds it sounds hard to believe. But for anyone who's curious if you're even a tiny bit inspired, you want to try this for yourself. You can book a visit to come see the gym, you can come to West Side and see what this place is. See what I'm talking about. You can come here and feel the energy that I've been trying to describe to you over the last four episodes. And it's completely free. West Side welcomes visitors who want to come and see what this place truly is. And if you're a competitive athlete, if you're a high level athlete or a professional athlete and you want to know what this really is, you can get in touch with the gym, as a professional athlete you can come here, you can try one of these workouts, you can see what I'm talking about. You can feel what I'm describing, because no matter how eloquently I tell it to you, this is something you truly have to experience to understand and I learned that first hand not only diet doing it the first time, but even today finishing and feeling the sense of accomplishment with what happened here. Most of all though, I'd like to leave you with the thought that you can do crazy things like this. And if you were to truly dedicate yourself a hundred percent four weeks from now, you can be looking at a very different situation and a very different version of you and whatever your goals are, I truly hope you mimic that and give it a shot. But thank you for watching. Thank you for everyone that was involved. Thank you, West Side. Thank you, bodybuilding.com. I hope you take this and whether you mimic it exactly or decide to take four weeks and change something and leave me in some of the you. I hope you give it a go and I'd love to see what happens. Good luck. Thank you again.