I'm Brenda Shere. I'm a National bikini competitor. The franchise relations for BPI and I'm also a BPI team athlete. Well, I definitely grew up in a very interesting family, a health and fitness. It's not high on our list of priorities. However, it wasn't athlete, so I was always active and, you know, into sports and to stuff like that. But I never actually understood the part about diet, nutrition. I grabbed a kick-out bar out of the pantry, hop on my car and head off to school. And I thought that was a healthy breakfast. It's definitely come a long way since then. When I first kind of realized things, our little bit different is when I stop playing sports and all of a sudden, you know, your body changes a little bit as you're starting older and putting on a few extra pounds and that kick-out bar, turned into five pounds here and the Reese's, five pounds there and eventually I just realized, you know, something something had to change in my lifestyle was not what I wanted it to be at all. After I finished high school, I went to college and stopped playing sports, put on a few pounds and my life wasn't going the way I wanted. I had some personal family issues. My family was actually pretty concerned about my health at that point. I was doing a lot of things. It wasn't the best for my body. A lot of girls go through it, a lot of self-image problems, but it came to the point where my sister who suddenly passed away unexpectedly, she was always kind of my inspiration and after I lost her, it was kind of awake up call. What are you doing to yourself? You need to get healthy. My sister believed in me when I did it. When she was no longer there, it was kind of like, I wanted her there and experience. That was kind of my first intuition. I needed to do something and I got a trainer and I got someone to help me with nutrition and that's kind of where it started and it kind of became an addiction almost. I was going to the gym and doing cardio and eating stuff that made me feel good. I really know anything about sports nutrition, but I saw them in the magazines. I saw pictures of these beautiful girls and they kind of became my idols. I wanted to look like them and I remember taking this magazine to my trainer and saying, hey, I want to do the fitness competition and he kind of looked at me and goes, you know, maybe next year or maybe next year and I was like, no, it's in 30 days. I want to do it. I can do it. Let me try and he's like, you know what? We'll do what you can. So I worked my bad off. I entered this competition and did up taking third and fourth. It was one of the best feelings ever because I never ever thought I would be in that position. It kind of started this whole inspiration as something that I could look forward to in a goal and a competition and I'm always looking for a new challenge for sure. For me training, I really like a variation in it. I compared to most girls I actually really like to train heavy. To me it's kind of a challenge and I tend to be on the leaner side sometimes so I really have to work to build that muscle. So I definitely prefer the heavy lifting the maxing out, but I also get bored easily. So I'll do the I'll be the girl doing the random cardio ballet or like rock and ploddies or you know, I just I just really like to mix it up, but definitely heavy lifting is probably my first choice. But then kind of doing fun things on my days off is but we kind of what keeps me new motivating keeps me going. There used to be a point where I could definitely squat over 300 pounds. For me considering my body weight, I'm almost doubling it which actually I'm over double. To me I think it's a pretty big deal for a girl. Now some of the women bodybuilders could probably shut me down, but it's definitely to me. I just I really want to build that max build that. Even if it's only two and a half extra pounds to me and like yes, I can do it. I can do it and it's definitely it's challenge and it's fun. Cardio I'm definitely five days a week if I could do it seven I surely would lifting. I try to be in the gym at least four to five days. Usually I'll try you know Mondays I'll do maybe back and buy steps. Two days I'll do legs but maybe more quad focused. Wednesdays is definitely my cardio day. Thursdays I'll do shoulders and tries and then Friday my favorite day definitely is my birthday. I'll spend a whole day working on my butt for sure and then Saturday is usually where I throw in something a little unique. Plotty's ballet kickboxing a circuit training class and then Sunday is definitely my rest day. I love her occasionally you might see me doing a little cardio just for fun. I definitely used to drive cardio but then I kind of realized it's a moment in time where there's nothing else you can really do. So it kind of clears your head kind of makes you feel good and I used to kind of turn that negative into a positive. I never went jokes around especially the office because we're fortunate to have a very large nice gym. I'll be out there doing cardio twice a day. I never owned kind of jokes around. Oh she's doing cardio again. Oh she's doing it again. But it's time where I can get away from everyone in the office and kind of clear my head and at the same time you know burn a few extra calories from the skittles I probably have five minutes go. I try to mix it up usually. I'll do slow burn a couple days a week but I definitely like you know I'll do three minutes kind of take it easy and then one minute I'll go you know absolutely crazy kind of very it as it goes but ideally I'm always always finding me on the the Stat Mill or the stair master anything that involves working your butt you'll find me on that machine. Honestly, I don't work out. I don't quite feel like myself because it always gets my endorphins going. It always makes me feel good and it just kind of gives me that positive energy for the day and when I don't I just feel like something's a little off. Granted if I've worked my butt off all week and it's my rest day. I'll surely enjoy it. But if it's one of those things where I'm just like oh I didn't get a chance or I wasn't didn't get my full effort to work out that day then I truthfully feel like I'm missing a little part of me. Time is always a battle when it comes to a crazy schedule but for me I am very strategic when it comes to making the best use of my time. I will return emails and do conference calls while I'm on the treadmill or I'll be the random girl in the hotel at 11 o'clock in night doing whatever cardio machine they can be neatly have. Definitely make time for it because if active the matter is it's it's a choice and it's easy to get off-track when you decide oh I don't really need to do it today. I'll do it tomorrow and it kind of starts out snowball effect and I'd rather do this snowball effect of where I have to do cardio every day versus putting it aside. Nutrition is the top one because I do have such a crazy schedule in a perfect world. I try to eat five to six times a day. I'm definitely big on lean protein and veggies. I love vegetables. I try to keep my carbs and morning and lunch time but if I'm not doing a higher carb protein I'm just going to up my fats for sure. I'm a big fan of avocado guacamole. My easiest meal that I found is the best as far as you can eat it cold or hot. Turkey and zucchini is kind of my go-to meal that you always find me eating. I'm a huge brown rice fan. I try to stick with the rice when I'm packing. I tend to eat a few protein bars here and there. Unfortunately with the crazy schedule you can't always have the food available for you. So I'll do the best I can whether it's a protein shake whether it's a protein bar. It just kind of varies. I try my best to keep a clean diet but it's really tough. It's really tough on my schedule. My go-to spices, black pepper, cayenne. Those are what I put on every vegetable fish chicken steak. You name it. That's kind of my staple items. Now my kind of like for oatmeal a lot of people put cinnamon but I actually get the pumpkin pie spice. It doesn't have any sodium in it. So it kind of changes it up a little bit. Those are kind of my hidden spices I guess you could say. Since I am on the go all the time I do tend to eat out and the easiest way for me. It's kind of my tip is I always anything at order. I always order dry. I ask for no salt and no oil and I always ask for sauce on the side. It's the easiest way to kind of avoid those extra calories that you may not necessarily eat. If you're at home cooking at yourself anytime my order chicken or something on a salad I just ask them to make the chicken fresh. I don't mind waiting but usually the chicken has been pre-made a lot of times I'm sitting there and a lot of salt and preservatives. So I just try to avoid that as much as possible. I'm the type that usually I have skittles or starburst or something kind of hidden in my office or my bag. But now I know with moderation you'll see me eating at candy but you also see me as the first person on the treadmill in the morning. So it's kind of where I found that balance but I'm not willing to give it up. Diving definitely doesn't happen all year long with me. It's just impossible because I have such a crazy work schedule and I like to have fun and I like to have a life. So for me of course when I'm training first show or an event or something you know where I have to look a certain way I will definitely kind of put aside my candy addiction at least wait till after the event. I have what I call my desserts egg whites. It's kind of my hidden little trick at nighttime a lot of times we have kind of those sugar cravings or those late night hunger cravings so I'll do some egg whites. I'll put a little Stevie on cinnamon in there and scramble them up and I kind of call it my dessert for the evening and I kind of killed that craving and I'm able to go to bed with you know pure protein in me at the same time with no extra sugars or especially when I'm avoiding my candy. But that's close but not quite so that's kind of my little secret that I tell people. I will never say to take supplements over real food any day. For me it's really important to get in you know get in your multi vitamins get in your CLAs get in your aminos along with real food. Of course you know being traveling on the time it's tough to always get the real food in but by all means that's the number one thing when it comes. It's actually health and fitness in my opinion is real food versus the supplements that may be available. You can never kind of trade that off. Ideally you want to use it and make it work together. Protein is huge. Usually I do way protein for me that seems to work the best every everyone is different but that's what I prefer. Of course they take a multi vitamin and then definitely I'm big on pre workout. I usually need something that kind of help give me that little energy that extra boost to get through my workout. Definitely the focus is huge. I'm really big on that and then of course my silken menos that I add to gelo. So I do it's kind of a block sugar free gelo which I make is my post workout treat. So I get my aminos and kind of get that sugar fix in there and kind of dessert all in one. Everybody's different. That's why there are so many companies out there. There are so many product lines. You have to find what works for you. It's one of those things where it doesn't matter what one person says it may not react the same for the other so I can do a say what works for me. The difference that I see when I do take the supplements. I don't think there's anything you could compare it to. I don't think I'd be where I am. I'm a matter of fact I know I wouldn't be where I am without the supplements without the fat rotters. Especially with a crazy schedule. It's really tough to be able to do it without the supplements that are out there. That's it for me. That's a little bit about my lifestyle, my training, nutrition, supplementation. If you have any questions about anything I talked about today, please feel free to contact me on twitter on my website for nayshare.com. Of course you can find me at bpiSports.net. For more videos and content like this please check out bodybuilding.com. Thanks for watching.