My name is Brooke Erickson. About two years ago, I decided that I wanted to start training and knew I needed to make a change and my trainer encouraged me to sign up for a figure show. And so I did one in April of 2010 and by July of 2011, I won my IFPD program. We're going to start basically 10 years ago. So that means I was about two years out from having my first daughter. And I suffered from an eating disorder in Rxia. By the time that I got pregnant with Sierra, I knew that I needed to try to overcome that in order for her to be healthy. And I ended up just going completely overboard and gained 85 pounds of my pregnancy. After I had her, I was completely lost on how to lose weight. Because when you have an eating disorder such as an Rxia, you pretty much don't eat. You just starve yourself. And so you don't really need to exercise. I bought an exercise video. Put my daughter in the swing and every night for an hour and a half. I worked out and basically lost the weight within about a year and a half. And then I got pregnant again. And unfortunately we had a stillborn. And I think that that sent me kind of into a little bit of a depression. And I went back to my old way. I got really small again. And then I got pregnant with my second daughter. Again, very fearful of gaining weight, gained 18 pounds. But she was incredibly healthy. And then kind of went back into my old way again after I had her a loss of weight within a week. Then I got pregnant with my third child. And after she was born I only gained probably 19 pounds of her. And after she was born, that's when the economy changed and everything had. And husband was struggling and we had to sell her home and do a lot of things just to survive basically. And again that was my way of dealing with problems. I just didn't eat. And I got down to about 89 pounds. I think that was my last weight. And then my husband comes home and he brought this magazine home. And it actually had a figure competitor at the time on the cover. And he suggested that I try to maybe do something like that. Like, hear my energy into something that is positive. Kind of had an aw hump moment when I was in the living room, rocking my very colloquy baby. And my two daughters were sitting on the couch. And they were watching me and I just started crying. And I knew I needed to make a change. And I'm sorry. Anyway, so I hired my trainer in December of 2009. And asked him to help me get to that point in my life where I could look in the mirror and be happy with who I am. I went met with a trainer. I took the magazine, the exact magazine name. And I asked him, I said, can you help me get through this? Can you help me look like this? And he said the only way I can help you is if you trust me. And I said, okay. And it was actually December of 27th or December 28th. And he made it very clear he didn't want to start until June 1st. And the reason why he did that is he said, I want you to go home. I want you to think about this because if you're going to make this commitment to be a healthier person, I want you to fully make this commitment. Then I get home and I tell my husband that I pay for a trainer and he said, okay, you know, he wanted me to be healthy. That's all he wanted. So he didn't care at that point that we didn't really have a whole lot of money. It meant everything to him. And so January 1st, him and I both went to my first appointment. And we got our training program, my routine freaked out at first when I saw, you know, the amount of food that I was supposed to be eating. And my goal initially was just to gain five pounds. Just to get on the scale and have it say 105. And I did it. And I got 205 pounds and I did my first show. And I will never forget how nervous I was. But I will never forget walking off stage and feeling like I had found myself. The biggest thing for me is to never feel like I'm stuck in a rut. To never do something so much that it's no longer fun. Training, going to the gym, it shouldn't be something that you dread, it should be something that you enjoy. I do everything in phases, I strengthen, I have a particular phase which is the growth phase. And then typically followed with like a power phase and then a d-load for two weeks which is where you just kind of let your body relax. So rep range is based on what I'm trying to go for. So if I'm trying, if I'm starting like a new 12 week program, where I know, okay, I need my legs to grow or I need my shoulders to grow. I will do four weeks of a strength phase where my rep range is four to six reps. Then I will transition into the hypertrophy phase which is four weeks and my rep range is eight to twelve. And then there's the power phase which is more just, you know, you just do things for power. I call it the having fun stage where I'm not really as concerned about the reps. I'm just having, you know, just going all out. Then when I do my d-load, everything is the 12 to 20 range, light weight. I'm just letting my body kind of take a relaxing break for two weeks. I train six days a week, two hours a day. And that's strictly just because I'm getting ready for competition. My splits are always lower, upper, lower, upper. And I always work two muscle groups that I feel like need the most focus twice a week. I work my shoulders three times a week. And then the added cardio on top of that, I don't do steady cardio. I do hit. I run as hard as I can for 30 seconds to a minute. Whatever I feel like my body can handle and I walk. I run and I walk and it makes cardio go live so fast. I always take Sundays off. And even though I'm there six days a week, Wednesday is always day for me that it's usually abs and biceps and cardio. It's something fairly light. It's still giving me time to recover. So in my off season, which usually lasts for about three or four months, I will train five days a week. I'll take Wednesday and Sundays off. I do cardio twice a week, freely. I want to enjoy it. On Sundays, I do nothing. The only thing I do is play with my kids. I devote that to family. That's family time. That's my time. To do basically whatever I want. I try to stay active, but it's really important to allow your body to rest. Well, a plateau to me just means your body's adapted. A lot of people see it as a complete obstacle. And really, it's not. It's usually very simple to overcome a plateau. It just takes adjusting something, whether it be your calories or your body's. Or your intensity on the treadmill or your intensity in the gym. Your body typically adapts to training, typically adapts to the amount of calories you're eating. So if you're patient, and you adjust something, typically within two weeks, you'll see a difference. Well, I personally believe that nutrition is at least 70 to 80 percent of your results. But I think educating yourself, not only about food, what's in the food, is important. I think it's important for you to listen to your body and determine what works for you. I think that what's really important with nutrition is people understanding the macro nutrients in it, understanding what one gram of protein, how many calories is that yield. I am extremely educated on what is in food, like how many grams of carbs equals this. And I know at the end of the day, I know what I mean. A lot of people are terrified of carbohydrates. A lot of people don't understand that we actually need carbohydrates. That's our energy source. It's the first thing our body will burn. If we don't have carbohydrates, our body is not going to fuel itself. I log everything. I know how many grams of carbs I've had. I know how many grams of protein I've had, and I know exactly how many grams of fat I've had. I like to take the amount of calories that I have for the day. So let's say I'm an 1,800 calorie diet. And I divide that up by 7, sometimes 8. I think nutrient timing is extremely important. I think it's one of the most overlooked things in health and fitness is nutrient timing. I can't stress out enough. And I eat frequently every 2 hours. And I think that my body is trained that way. So when 2 hours rolls around, I know it's time to eat. My body knows it's time to eat. In the morning, I think that's one of the most important meals a day. I think that's when you should probably get at least 30% of your carbohydrates. Your body is ready, even fasting for 8 hours. And I think that it jumps out your day. It jumps out your metabolism. It fuels you. I try. I'm not perfect, but I do try. To time all of my carbs. My nutrient timing around my workout. So I try to have at least 30 grams of a complex carbohydrate about an hour before my workout. And then I try to have at least 40 grams right after my workout. Your body produces your growth hormone for muscle at night and fat helps that. So typically I have more fat at night and in the morning. Because of the intensity of my training, my diet, my calories are a lot higher than maybe even someone that's just on a normal diet. But I do adjust them. I typically adjust 100 to 150 calories every three to four weeks based on how much I need to lose. Here's the thing about two years. I understand the concept that people want to have ice cream. And I don't believe in completely depriving yourself. So do I think you should do a cheap meal every week? No. But do I think you should allow yourself to have something every once in a while if your body wants it? Absolutely. I mean, obviously everything in moderation. Because you don't want to race everything you just work so hard for. Supplements are not a one size fits all. Not everything works for everybody. For me, I'm very basic. I do branch chain and new acids. I write after my workout. I do a multi-vile and then sometimes I take a fat burner when I'm trying to ease a little bit of fat and maybe something in my head. But I do introduce creatine when I'm trying to grow or when I'm doing my strength phase. Because I feel that it definitely helps me in that strength phase. I do obviously take protein lots and lots of protein. But that's it. I think that the three supplements that I mentioned are crucial. Branch chains in amino acids definitely from muscle recovery. And obviously, I think that really helped me especially when I was trying to grow because I was really pushing my body to the max. A multi-vile man, especially when you're dieting. I mean, you should take a multi-vile man in any way, but when you're dieting, you might be reducing your calories and your body is definitely going to need nutrients to help supplement those nutrients that it's not getting. And protein. My protein does change when I'm trying to grow. The kind of protein that I use, I always use something that's higher in carbs when I'm trying to grow because it helps me get my carbs immediately after my workout. So that is one thing that I do differently. What I'm doing my strength phase, my hypertrophy phase, I try to incorporate a protein that has multiple proteins sources in it. And then I do a casin at night. I try to make it a little ice when you're in the case in the shape out of it. And when I'm dieting, I try to stick strictly with the way with a nice light. And I do it right after my workout and at night. It's definitely helped me reach my goals and I definitely do not go without those three. To get my full program, check out the page below. If you have any questions about diet tips or training or nutrition, you can find me on body space. These are names for me. And for anything else you need, for any other information you'd like to find, check it out at bodybuilding.com.