B.S.N. Finish first. Today on MMA 101. One of the aspects of the fight game that I've really embraced is the mental aspect. So I'm just going to try and touch them. Just land little shots and just just find them and just stuff. He's going to hit me and I'm going to miss them. Yeah, of course I'm going to be a dressing. You know, it's got to be some intelligent aggression aggression with the plan. One of the aspects of the fight game that I've really embraced is the mental aspect. And I talk a lot about it in my book. It's one of the things that I kind of fascinates me and it's just an interesting way to push yourself and to find out how you respond under pressure, like what you're really made of. That's kind of how I perceive it anyway. And you know, a big part of the mental aspect of the game is confidence. Now I know I'm not the best fighter in the world and I don't know how hard my opponent's trainer, you know, I don't worry about him. He's not a part of my equation. The two things I need to know are that I've done everything possible to get myself ready for this fight. I've made the right choice that I've done all the work. You know, and the other thing is that I won't quit on myself if I will not get in there. I won't freeze up. I won't quit. You know, the first thing is is right in line with the second. The first thing hitting all your workouts, you know, guys say I gave 110%. I looked it up. My last fight, I gave 84%. You know, I just kept a log of the workout time and ten were doing what I actually did. And, you know, that's actually pretty good. 85% is not horrible if you're, you know, it's a mountain A. So next time we're trying to get an A, get 90%. But, you know, let's be realistic. Set this beautiful trainer routine that you're going to go follow and see what happens. You know, and that way you kind of learn to get better each fighter, each time you have, you know, any big performance thing that is going to generate this anxiety. And as far as knowing that you're not going to quit on yourself, you know, you do that when you do your conditioning. At the end of the day, you're already tired. You run on the treadmill. You want you to get on there, you tell yourself, I'm going to do this. You're accountable to yourself or, you know, a lot of times I'll work with the trainer. And it's just about not stopping. But it's just about finishing the workout. You know, obviously I think he's maybe the best fighter, the top, the top, and the world. MMA 101 is brought to you by Cynthia Six, the official protein beverage of the UFC. Any funny stories you might be able to share with us to give people a little sneak preview of what they might see in the morning. Um, you know, I don't know. I would just say, you know, pick the book up, read the jacket of it. If you like the jacket, take fat and leave the rest of the book in your store. Or I would say, go to the store, read the book, but don't buy it. Because I've to use the little I do. Of course, one of the biggest matches of your careers coming up against Anderson Silva. First off, what are your thoughts on Anderson? And what do you feel like your advantages are going into this match? You know, obviously I think he's maybe the best fighter, pound for pound in the world. Um, you know, my biggest challenge with him is just the fact that he's a southball in his quickness. You know, you see a lot of guys get frustrated because he hits you and then they can't get him back so they try to commit more and try to, you know, they're really trying to hit him and they're loading up and just making them so slower. So I'm just trying to touch him, just land little shots and just find him and just he's going to hit me and I'm going to miss him. It's not going to get flustered. Just keep calm and keep that sort of, you know, nice even mentality. He's always relaxed. So I have to do relaxed as well. I can't get all emotional and go after him because he feeds off that very well. You know, guys always say, I want to fight the best. I want to fight the best. I've never said that. I want to fight, you know, semi capable people. That's what I want to fight. I want to fight like people that are really on the last limb. Fight me, got like, Anderson Silver, gives you, you know, gives you an opportunity to really test yourself. Just as a person, as a man, as anything, you know. And it's like, you know, kind of deal with this, kind of deal with the pressure. You know, I was just watching his tapes and I thought to myself, man, he's making really good guys just looking back. It was forcing the ability. Orce is a great fighter and I don't, I'm not really focused on these just the damages that I can put on what I'm really going to be focused on, what you strong at. Force gets a very effective kick. Now, I'm going to go in there and train really hard to do everything I can to defend the kicks. Yeah, of course, I'm going to be a grester, you know. It's got to be some intelligent aggression, aggression with the plan. Everybody should lose a fight. You know, Anderson Silver is the best fighter in the world. And if I beat him, he'll still be the best fighter in the world. But he should be polite and lose a fight like the rest of it. Next week on MMA 101. Conditioning is the one thing that really, you can always work it, you can always work it by yourself. You can always be in a little better shape. You can always be in a little better shape.