What's up, bodybuilding.com, listeners. My name is Daniel Bits and welcome back to the BB Compa Cast. Today I'm joined by Lance Parker. Lance grew up in Oklahoma City and played soccer for Missouri State University before embarking on his seven-year professional soccer career. He played goalkeeper for teams in the MLS and NESL, such as Chieva's USA, Miami FC, and FC Edmonton. Upon retiring from the sport, Lance moved to New York City and created his performance coaching company Parker Peak Performance, where he specializes in coaching trail and ultra runners and helps his athletes optimize their strength and endurance and mental fortitude among other key performance attributes. A founding instructor for Lululem in studio previously known as Mirror for six years and struck in over 2,500 classes during that span and currently contributes to Tonal as a cardio strength and recovery coach. He's currently competing in the grand slam of Ultronine which consists of four of the oldest 100 mile races in the country, all run within 14 weeks. He's completed the old Dominion 100 in the Vermont 100 and will be racing the lead bill 100 and Wossach front 100 next. Thanks for taking time out of your robust running schedule this summer. Excited to have you on and jump into today's topics. Yes, and you so much for having me excited to be here. Yeah, absolutely. I want to talk about, you know, this has been something that a segment that we've been doing for a little bit now, building Lance. We want to know the person behind the athlete behind the coach and get to know you a little bit more before we jump into our educational topics for today. So tell us about the journey that led you here. Your time as an athlete, a coach, and now human performance guide. So group in Oklahoma City, I played a lot of different sports growing up. But when I was 12, I was fortunate enough to be able to go on a trip, playing the tournament over in England, a soccer tournament, and I just saw the culture there and incredible vibe, and I just fell in love with the sport even more, and I was like, this is what I want to do. And so I stopped playing all my other sports, especially started specialized at 12, and played club soccer through my youth, played high school soccer, and then went to, as you said, Missouri State University for four years, played there, and then was fortunate enough to sign my first professional contract and played seven years professionally before retiring, starting my coaching company, transitioning into the coaching world, which is kind of just an unnatural thing to do from there, just from everything I was able to learn from being a professional athlete, and that's where we kind of are now, and I've recently gotten into the world of ultr running, which is actually something pretty new for me, because I was a goalkeeper, or more anerobic athlete, and this is the complete opposite, so it's been a fun journey for me to be a beginner again, and get to experiment and test myself and just continually learn new things to optimize my performance in this entirely new sport. Now it's intriguing for sure, and we're going to talk a little bit about that today, the switching of the modalities, switching between a fast twitch and slow twitch training regimen. Tell us a little bit more about getting recruited, going through that process as a high level athlete, such a young age, and eventually attending Missouri State University, tells about that process, what kind of went into that, to get into that point, and then to give us a little more detail of going from college to professional soccer. Yeah, so as a youth athlete, you're going to a lot of soccer tournaments, and there are high-level tournaments where college coaches do come, they're usually term showcases, or if that's what they call them back when I was playing, and so you'd be seen by different university coaches there, that would then contact you and follow you throughout your high school career. I was also fortunate enough during the summers in between my high school seasons to get to go to camp at a few different colleges. One of them was Missouri State University, and so they actually got to see me grow from my freshman year up to my senior year, kept in really good contact, and that was one of the deciding factors of me being able to go there. One reason I ended up going there is I wanted to get out of state, play division one soccer somewhere, and be able to go on a scholarship. So fortunately, I was able to get a full ride with both athletic and academic scholarships, and so those were kind of the deciding factors of why I chose Missouri State University. From there, the transition from college to professional, actually kind of a similar thing during the summers, since at the time university players could not make money, playing professional sports, and then go back to college and still be eligible for a scholarship, what they would do is in the summer time to continue to be able to play and develop their skills, some of the higher end athletes would go play semi-professional soccer. So we wouldn't get paid, but there was a PDL division professional development league that you would go to different teams and play for. So my first summer in between freshman and sophomore year, I was in Chicago, my second year between sophomore junior year, I was in Dallas, and then my third year summer between junior and senior year, I was up in Colorado, and when I was in Colorado, I was fortunate enough to be able to go into the full team, MLS side, the Colorado Rapids, and trained with them for a couple of weeks. While I was there, the head coach in the Goldkeeper Coach really enjoyed my skill level, and they said, hey, we're going to keep an eye on you, and keep in contact with you so after your senior year coming up, you know, be on the lookout for a message from us. So a lot of people that go into the MLS and play right away will get drafted, but that's not the route that I ended up taking. Fortunately, again, due to having that experience and the connections of those coaches who then moved to the club, Chief of the Youth at S.A. in Los Angeles, they invited me out to Preseason. I was able to prove myself during the Preseason and earn my professional contract that way. So that's how I was able to step from the university platform up to professional. Great, take us to present day Lance, breaking into the fitness industry, being a caliber trainer that you are today. What was that transition from professional sports into breaking into the fitness industry, tell us a little bit about your start there. Right. So it actually didn't start with training. I started with nutrition coaching actually, and one thing about myself as a professional athlete is I was never like the greatest. I was pretty good, but I was never great. I never made the U.S. national team. That was something I always strived for. But that also lent this desire to learn more and to study and always be trying to grow and better myself as an athlete. So learning different training methodologies, learning different nutrition protocols, recovery strategies, mindset, all of those things. And so instead of being just having that natural talent as some players fortunately do, I had to fight for every half percentage of improvement and that I had at that level. And so I think that actually leads and helps in being a good coach. I think if you ask a lot of the absolute top elite caliber players and whatever sport, like, why are you so good? How do you do what you do? A lot of them can't really answer it just because they're so good. They just do what they do. That's their jay. I don't know. I just wake up in the morning and I do. This is me. That's what I do. And so since I had to study and learn and like really practice these things, I have a better understanding of the why behind the what and how we're doing things to illicit different adaptations. That again, I'm fighting for those little half percentage points to to better myself and try to be better than the next guy. And so now as a coach, not only have I been able to play at that top level, but I understand the the processes behind how to get there. And on top of that, whenever you're able to communicate well with athletes, you can then start to teach them and coach them and help bring their skill level up as well. And so I think that you'll find a lot of good coaches, both played at the top level, but they were never really the best. They had to really learn and fight to be there. So that's kind of where I'm at with that. And so when I was ending my career, getting to the end of my career, I kind of knew I wanted to transition into coaching and one thing that I had recently died in, dove into was the nutrition side of things. And the main reason I actually dove into nutrition first was a personal experience with soccer. I had during a game compound fractured my arm. And so came out on across, punched the ball away, I was up in there. A couple of guys came under me, under cut me, I was up in a land on my head. So I stuck my fist out to essentially break the impact. So I didn't land on my head and break my neck. So ended up breaking my arm. Phone came out the back, it was a really nasty and had have surgery. The doctor said I would never play again. And so I went through 10 months of like brutal rehab. I was able to come back the next season after having all this metal put in my arm. Play the last half of the season. And then do another strength of rehab. Get the metal taken out after that and come back have the best season in my career. And then play a little bit longer after that. But getting back to that point when I was coming back to play my coaches, the the backup goalkeeper that had then got the starting spot. He wasn't doing really good, but he wasn't doing bad either. And so in sports, you usually don't try to fix what's not broke. And so I wasn't getting my starting spot back and I was like, hey guys, you got to give me something that's in my control that shows you that I deserve my spot back. And so they kind of like, I couldn't really think of anything. So they're like, oh, we want you to gain like 10 to 15 pounds because we think you'd be better able to control and command your box and come out and stuff like that. I was like, okay, well this has never been an issue before, but challenge accepted. So I got with the team nutritionist and learned a lot from her and we were able to put on 10 pounds of lean mass in 10 days, which is insane. And after a couple of weeks, I had my spot back. So took on the challenge and learned a lot again in that time of the nutritional awareness to change my own body. And so continued to dive down that rabbit hole and then towards the end of my career, started to share with my teammates because they saw the transformation that I came, can you help us? And that was kind of my first little coaching thing was just like with teammates and friends and stuff. And from there, started my coaching company after I retired, started with mainly nutrition and then just continued to learn more training methodologies on the fitness side of things, performance side of things and just continued to evolve from there. Two things I want to backtrack on. Number one, you said you gained 10 pounds and 10 days. What did you do? I ate a ton. So one, I started taking creatine because I didn't even know what it was at the time. Two, I just the nutritionist was like, hey, you have to eat often and you have to eat a ton. So I started with, I think it was six meals a day, like every three hours eating, I think it was 500 calories per meal and she eventually got me. I think it was up to nine meals a day of like 700 calories each. So it was just like, you know, thermodynamics, like if you put a lot in and you're not expanding a lot, you're going to gain it. So but that in coordination with the high-perrophy training that we were doing to just like just build build build. Back it on. Yeah. And something else that you said it just a few moments ago as well about something about not being number one. The first of all, you were a D1 athlete who then went on to play for a professional sport. So you were pretty damn good. We'll put that out. But I think there is, I think there's a gold nugget that is attached to not being number one because it instills a lot of hunger and it stills the quality for you to become a sponge and that seems like, you know, that's exactly what you did. You're always itching to be there and you're continuing to be beat out by people who have that kind of that natural born talent, right? But you end up in the winter at the end of the day. I think in the grand scheme of life because you do eventually acquire all these additional skillsets. So I think that's essentially a very important one to come to your journey as well. I want to break open a little bit about your mythologies in terms of coaching. What kind of coach are you, right? Who do you show up as with your clients and how can it be dictated? Maybe even by the person that it is that you're working with. I'm sure that's a piece of it as well. So how do you tackle helping people achieve their wellness goals? Like you just said, it really just depends on the individual. It depends on where they're currently at, where they're trying to go if it's performance based, if it's health and longevity based. I don't have a certain method. So there's not like a Lance Parker method. I actually just try to learn the principles behind the training qualities that I'm trying to adjust and manage. And then from there, learn all of the different methods that could potentially touch that. And use those methods as tools. And so acquiring as many methods as possible. So then I can elicit the same adaptation that I want in athlete many different ways. So if you're very proficient in knowing how to coach the barbell, the dumbbell, the kettlebell, and bodyweight. And you have a client that comes to you and say, hey, I want to do X and well, I hate the kettlebell and I hate barbells. Well, okay, you have two other options that you can train them with. If somebody's like, I'm a kettlebell, if the natic, that's all I want to do. And okay, well, now you know how to do it. And you can you can train them up that way. So again, just understanding the principles with the hemophysiology and how adaptation works will really help me guide my training decisions. You mentioned earlier, maybe even in our pre-talk, you're coaching a number of ultra endurance athletes. Has that always been a specialty of years or have you kind of ebbdened, flowed in terms of the type of athletes that you're working with? It has evolved with the athletes that have done at the beginning when you don't have really a roster of any clients. You're like, I'll take whatever I can get. And usually it's a lot of general population clients when you start. So you can't be as picky as your book starts to fill up. Then you can kind of be a little bit more picky on who you decide to take on and who you don't. And that becomes a lot more fun because then you get to work with people that are interested in what you are more interested or kind of aligned a little bit better with. So again, running was never like my jam. And so it's still relatively new for me. I did my very first race in 2018. It was the New York City marathon. And so it's just like go big or go home. Like no 10k is half marathon. It's just like I'm going to do the New York City marathon. It was actually one of my first clients that got me that to do it. And I had started getting more runners as clients. And I was like, okay, this is a perfect opportunity for me to not only like practice what I preached, but use myself as a guinea pig and experiment with the different types of training protocols and nutrition protocols that I'm giving my athletes and seeing at least for an end of one for myself. What's working for me? What's not working for me? And at the end of the day, I also gained a lot of empathy for what they were doing because I had never run over when I started training for the New York City marathon. I never run to miles. And so just the pain that I had to endure, that all of these other athletes had endured. Like I had true empathy like, oh wow, you got to go out on this long run. I'm so sorry. Oh, you got to do it in the heat. That's even worse. Good luck. So again, always use myself. I'll never ask somebody to do something that I'm not willing to do myself where I have not done myself. And so that's evolved from me a little bit more. After that race, I found out that I hated running on concrete. Like I did not have a good time, but I do love running outside in the trails. And so I didn't race for a really long time after that, but I would continually on and off get outside longer distance runs in the trails. And then it wasn't until 2022 that I said, okay, hey, I want to start competing again. I want to start racing. I started to have that itch again from earlier in my life where, oh, I was competing all the time. And I felt like something was kind of missing. And it was like, oh, that competition. I wasn't doing anything. So it was nice and that it gave me that, but it also gave me something to train for and focus on and keep me accountable. Because it's like, okay, you have this 50 kilometer race coming up. If you don't train for it, it's going to hurt. So that was a really good way to keep me focused and dialed in with what I needed to do and the training. And then again, like I said earlier, helps me give my athletes kind of the best training possible that I can give them. The related ability factor is I feel underrated at times because I mean, even for myself, like, I don't want to work with somebody who hasn't put themselves through the pink cave that I'm signed up for, right? If I'm going for a 70.3, like, I want somebody who's done a couple of those and kind of understand how it feels coming out of that. I love the fact that your first race is the marathon. Me too. 2019 New York City marathon had never, I've maybe done a 5K for fun, like a color run with friends in college. Never anything long distance jumped into a program training appropriately for it. Got the job done because I knew what I would feel like after that. If I didn't do it appropriately, so I got a coach, I worked with them. I followed the plan, completed the marathon, but that was kind of my love affair and how that started and just can. My partner gives me crap all the time about it. Like, you know, didn't do a half, didn't do a 10K, just went all in. I'm like, that's just how I am. I had to figure out if I like it or not. And it's like, you know, here I am today. But love that story, Lance, I wanted to start transitioning into topic two, which ironically is about transitioning modalities. So I'm going to talk a bit about what it takes to switch sports or training goals, especially if we're talking about going from a predominantly strength or fast-to-age athlete to an endurance or slow twitch athlete, which you yourself have experience doing at a very high level. So, you know, Lance oftentimes we underestimate the sheer time it could take to rewire your system to train for entirely different sport event or modality. I like to use myself as the guinea pig coming from a collegiate softball background where the primary goal was to be explosive and powerful to then switching to running triathons where you're retraining your body to move for five plus hours at a time versus five seconds. So my question here is how do we approach deviating what our bodies are trained for and striving for something new and how do we do it safely and efficiently? The first thing you probably have to keep in mind is patience. We live in a society today that like everything is instant. Like instant gratification is everywhere around us. And that's actually one thing that I love about longer endurance events is it teaches you delayed gratification? You have to train for months for one race and you don't get that satisfaction until you cross the finish line? I mean, there's a lot of little winds along the way that encourage people to celebrate. But when you're shifting, say from one end of the spectrum to the other in terms of say aerobic athlete to aerobic athlete, that transition is tough, right? Because normally as kids we figure out what we're good at. Usually you'll notice at the elite level of all sports, there's some body type that tends to excel. And so usually little kids we figure out what we're really well suited to do and everybody likes winning, everybody likes being good at what they do. So we stick with that and when you continue to train and develop those qualities through your youth, you're going to get really really good at that. Then later in life, if you're trying to switch over to something else, like it can be hard to be a beginner again. And so having that patience and that understanding, knowing that failure is actually a really really good learning tool. If we go back to when we're kids, we're trying to figure out how to walk, we're trying to figure out how to throw ball, all of these things. We actually learn faster when it's not done for us and we can fail doing it. It elicits that problem solving skill a little bit better and so we learn faster. And so if we can do that in our adulthood as well, we're going to be able to again, it'll still take time, but having the patience to move through that with grace is important. I think that's a great tip to start out with. Let's go through a tangible application of this here. Let's talk about a power lifter who wants to run a half marathon, right? Where do we start? How do we start to craft a program for something like that? Yeah, so the basics are the basics, right? So they're usually pretty simple, but simple doesn't mean easy. And simple doesn't always mean fun. So we need to execute the things that have been proven, deck it up to decade to give results. So if it's at power lifter wanting to run a half marathon, it's probably starting out, okay, well, they've been doing power lifter for a long time, so they're really strong, good anaerobic athlete. What are the buckets that they haven't been training? Well, that's going to be that aerobic base more than likely. And that's actually something that you need a large bucket when you're running a half marathon. So those are two, the lifting, power lifter, or Olympic lifting, and then the half marathon, those are at two different ends of the spectrum, right? And so one great thing about training the qualities that you don't normally train is that you will have quicker adaptations when compared to trying to get those vital few persons in the sport that you've been training for a really long time. So you do get to see advancement there, but it's still, you're still not going to be at that elite level that you would with the lifting. So for instance, that one, you know, going over doing long, slow, easy aerobic work is where you're going to start for that. Are we saying about so zone two training starting to implement there, long, so periods of zone two, are we looking to implement other type of zone trainings there? What's kind of like a good first step? A good first step is going to be that slow, steady aerobic base. So zone two, even zone one recovery stuff on a five zone model, can some people use a three zone model, some people use five zone model for today's discussion. We can keep it out of five zone model. So when we're talking about zone two, it's that's below the first threshold, whether that's, you know, LT1, VT1, New Year's Breakpoint 1, whatever decision you make there, that's below that first threshold. And again, that's going to help build that person's base. They're going to increase their mitochondrial density. They're going to increase their capitalization. And so that's going to allow them to be able to utilize more oxygen efficiently. I feel like sometimes people are a bit hesitant to switch modalities, especially the later in life, it gets or kind of just stuck in their ways. They're nervous to switch, like I've been doing this for such a long time, you know, it's it's probably not that realistic at this point. You know, I would argue, and I'm sure you'll agree, but let me know, it's going to be easier to switch a modality as opposed to just coming off of the couch from not doing anything at all. I think they're going to be transferable strains that come with you when you're an analiat athlete or a power lifter moving into running because you have that strength behind you. That may be somebody who is in a more seditarian state. Well, they've got to now get strong and they have to get their aerobic work in as well. And same thing for runners. I mean, runners going to an Olympic weightlifting regimen or a powerlifting regimen, sure you may not have that strength, but you're fit, right? You have the aerobic capacity behind you to get some of that endurance lifting done. So, I don't know. I don't know where I was really going with that, but I think my point is that I think there are a lot of people who tend to box themselves into a specific modality, and then it really isn't, you know, there's never a such thing as being too late of making that switch to something else you want to try. 100% and when you think about it, switching from one modality to the other, like you said, is going to be easier than coming straight off the couch. You can't even think about it from a team sport perspective to a solo sport perspective. It's going to be there's different things that come with that. And some of that is like the mindset or just the interaction that you have, the accountability you have to yourself and keeping yourself motivated versus having a team to be there for you. Like when you're playing a team sport, you lose, it's the team that loses, or you win, it's the team that wins. If it you're an individual sport player, it tends to player golf or runner, you know, like you win, because you did the work. Nobody else, if you lose, because you didn't do good enough, you know. And so there's a different mindset with that. But yeah, when you're, when you're already somewhat fit, whether regardless of how far you are on either into the spectrum with whatever type of sport you're doing, if you want to go all the way to the other in the spectrum, well, guess what, you already have, if you're a marathoner wanting to go to be a power lift or an hour Olympic lift or you already have that amazing base, right? Now, again, like we talked about, you just need to go to the basics. So transitioning the other way, like the marathoner would need to one, make sure they have good form. Like if you're getting under a bar, you need to know what you're doing to stay safe and stay healthy, right? So it comes back to learning the basics first, just like you would if you were learning it for the first time and you weren't an athlete. But again, like you, like you mentioned, you are starting from a higher point. And so you will find success a little bit sooner. But with that said, a beginner athlete, somebody coming off the couch, you will see greater improvements faster because you literally do anything and it'll change than it'll move the needle. It'll change. It'll be a better, right? So you don't have to, the more of a beginner athlete you are, you don't have to be as prescriptive with what you're doing to see changes. The fear you get and the better you get at what you're doing, that's when you have to get a little bit more prescriptive to continue to get better. We're in the air of wanting it all. I'll call it the hybrid decade. Everybody wants to be hybrid these days. They don't want to buck it themselves into purely endurance and purely strength. The word hybrid is really, in my opinion, means being fit. I think people just want to be fit. They want to be able to live heavy, they want to be able to run fast or really just run, right? I think a lot of this likely started and the heyday of CrossFit, a decade or so ago. What do we want the option rather, the luxury of being able to live heavy and run fast? What's the training plan for hybrid athletes look like? Take one of the grain of salt with individuality in mind, of course. Yeah, so the term I would say hybrid athlete is pretty new, but the idea has been around a long time. It's just like really good all around athlete. You look at the decafeline. They do it all. It's nothing new. It's just a new term. Whenever you're thinking about being good at all these different things and being good across the spectrum, you have to understand you're not going to be great. A really good hybrid athlete is never going to be an elite marathoner or an elite power lifter, but they're going to be really good across the board. You can be really good in that realm, but understanding that, okay, I'm good at a lot of things, but you can't be great at a lot of things because at that point to compete at the elite level, you have to start to specialize. And when you specialize on one end of the spectrum, you start to lose fitness at the other end. And that's completely normal. And so you have to make sure that you're aware of that and understanding like, okay, I'm fine, losing a little bit of my fast switch modes of fibers because I'm training to go these really long distances now. And that's what I need to be successful here. With that said, if you're looking to be a really good all around athlete, thinking about training the entire force velocity curve, thinking about training all of the different energy systems, making sure that you're showing up any weaknesses that you have. And if you're competing, trying to really let your strength shine. I would say that's probably the best way to go about it in a very just general term. I think hyerox probably gives way to the largest competition stage available to these quote unquote hybrid athletes. Do you have any recommendations for athletes who are looking to do their first hyerox or something similar within that that performative stage? Get comfortable, red lining for a really long time. It's not a comfortable thing to do. And just you training that ability to go into the pain cave and go to that place of discomfort and stay there for a long time allows you to get better at doing that. And so yes, you want to train the certain qualities of strength and power and speed and endurance to help you with each of those different modalities. And then when you're talking about more technical things like the ski, or the row or if you don't have really good form like getting a coach to improve your form, that's going to help. If you're not really good on the run, getting a coach to help you with your running, that's going to be very helpful because the running is actually half of the then. So that's more probably you can make up the most time is if you can improve your running and your aerobic capacity to help you recover in between each of these events and then while and then still keep a high pace while you're running. So like again, you said hybrid athlete for the high rocks, you need that massive aerobic base to help you be able to recover during in between the events. But then you also need to have a really high view to max and high threshold so that when you're sealing is pushed really high, you can have a high speed relative to that and it will feel like a lower percentage of that threshold. Great advice. I want to talk about VO2 Max. I want to take the topic of running and sprint into the topic three here of building an aerobic engine. So right now, Lance, you find yourself in a series of 100 mile races, which is elite as it gets in the world of endurance racing. Not many people listening to this can likely relate to an athletic pursuit of the stature, but many can relate to both the one and the need of becoming aerobicly fit. So what's what would you deem as the crawl walk run approach to adding more endurance exercising to your routine and we're talking gen pop here. So is there a science to the injection of the zone to how often what duration, how we're pairing, which training maybe leaves zone to off the table for right now and just kind of talking more layman's terms, how somebody just starts to get more aerobicly fit. The first thing to do when you're wanting to get aerobicly fit is find a modality, find an activity that you enjoy doing because while you're not necessarily going to have to love every second of it, if you don't at least enjoy what you're doing, you're very unlikely to do it at all and if you're not doing it, you're not going to get better at it. Right? So that's the first thing. It's find something that you enjoy. So that can be running, that can be hiking, cycling, and elliptical swimming. But when you talk about slow steady state aerobic building that base, it needs to be something again that's repetitive, that's cyclical, that you can keep your heart rate steady for a really long time and that is working primarily the switch muscle fibers. So those are some key things that you want to consider when thinking about what zone two is what modality that you want to choose. Then you have, okay, well, do you want impact? Do you want low impact? Do you want no impact? That will help you derive, okay, do I want sprinting, running? Why guess you want to be sprinting and then zone two? Do you want running? I mean, you have to be pretty fit too. Yeah, you look at these aerathoners that are going for sub two, like they're, they're, it's wild, they're paces, and they're just chilling. They're like metabolic, they're just like chilling, it's insane. But yeah, jogging, hiking, walking, whatever it is, being able to keep your heart rate steady with that repetitive motion focusing on the slow twitch muscle fibers. And just a quick side note to that is one question that I actually get often is, oh well, I don't really want to spend time on the treadmill and I have to strength train anyways. Can't, I use my strength training as a way to do my zone two. I can keep my heart rate steady and in my zone two, the entire time because I'm doing this strength circuit. And the answer to that is no. The reason why is when you're doing strength training, you're working your fast twitch muscle fibers. And so again, by definition, when we're in zone two, we're working slow twitch muscle fibers. And the heart rate increase that you're experiencing when you're doing this strength circuit, there's a blood pressure response to that as well. So it's not truly just this cardiovascular work that you're doing, you're having different pressures that will increase your heart rate. So that's a big differentiation to make, just something that I wanted to throw out. No, it's a valid one. Certainly, I mean, I hear that argument as well. Like, oh, I do kettlebell complexes, like that's my zone two and I do it for 40 minutes and I'm swinging the bell around. You don't have to be in a treadmill to do a aerobic exercise. To your point, you can find a modality that peaks your interest and helps you maintain the consistency that you need to do. But yeah, to your point, weightlifting isn't going to essentially replace it for you. And I feel like especially those who may have predominantly hypertrophy based background, strength based background, maybe they haven't injected a whole lot of aerobic training into the routine. And now they're looking to get into that. Find swimming, find, just go, you know, going for your walks, you know, find cycling, find something that you really learn to enjoy. And I always like to use the recommendation if you are in an area with nature that can provide those settings for you get outside. Now, you're not only getting in the aerobic benefit of it, but now you're surrounded by nature and, you know, there's not really much better than that for your mental health as well. Yeah, you're getting the sunlight, you're getting the fresh air, super, super important. Like if you can do this stuff outside in the sunlight, you're you're going to just compound the benefits of what you're doing. And to go back to your original question, kind of the the prescription for somebody getting into it, once you find that modality that that works well for you, that you do enjoy. The first thing that you want to build up is your frequency. So how many days of the week can you do this? Ideally, you get a minimum of three, and then you can start to build that up to a five or six times per week. And again, let's just take easy jogging or walking as an example. So we get ourselves to do five or six times a week before we start to increase the duration. So if all you can do is a 20 minute, 15 minute, 30 minute period of walking, get out there and do that. By the way, walking is one of the most underrated things ever for your health. So get the frequency up first. From there, once you can get about five or six days a week in, then start to look at increasing the duration. So increasing that volume to where your each of those sessions is at a minimum of 45 minutes. That's where ideally we want to be. But don't let that to track you from, oh, I can't get in 45 minutes, even though I could get 20 and not do anything. 20 is better than zero. 30 is better than zero. But ideally again, 45 is going to be the minimum. Something's better than nothing. Every single time, yeah. And with that duration, eventually getting one of those sessions per week of the easy slow, sustained duration stuff, have one of those sessions be a longer duration of at least 90 minutes or more. That's going to be very beneficial as well. So build up to 45 minutes each of those sessions, then at least one of 90 minutes from there, if you have the luxury a little more time, then you can start to shift one or two of those into higher intensity sessions. So once you get that aerobic base that you've been building for a while, the frequency is there. The duration is there. Now you're going to sprinkle on a little of the high intensity stuff. So you're working in zone three, zone four, zone five. If you're just a general population client, if you're just looking to improve health and longevity, play around with all the different zones. So in three, four, five, all throughout there. If you're a runner or an athlete needing performance, the closer you get to your race, the more prescriptive, you'll need to be as you get there. So the closer you get, depending on your race demands, you'll start to train closer to those. Then when we talk about strength training, because again, strength training is incredibly important to pair with that cardiovascular work. We want to be doing that one to three times per week. Again, depending on where you are in the season, if you're an athlete, if you're in season in the middle of competitions, you're probably going to bring it down to one, just to maintain what you've built in the off season, off season, you can get up to three, and some athletes, again, depending on where they're at, will probably hover around two for most of the year. But that's how I would go about developing those, those programs from people. We're going to go off script here for a second. What about people out there who they're like, I don't really need to lose weight. I mean, I feel pretty good about how I look. I don't really need to do whole ton of cardio. Well, there's a huge benefit of being a aerobically fit for your heart and for your longevity. Can you speak to the benefits on the cardiovascular system of injecting cardio? And it sounds like it's kind of a no brainer. But there are a lot of people out there who they stay fit enough just by walking around in a metro area, eating well, eating decently well, and having a relatively active lifestyle. Or there are those who are maybe just a bit more gifted than others, right? With a body type that they're very satisfied with, that doesn't take a whole lot of maintenance in the gym. What are the, you know, the bare bone benefits of cardiovascular injections into your everyday life for heart health? Right. So when you talk about just like doing the bare minimum, so again, getting, getting three of those 45 minute sessions in per week, we see a major decrease in all cause mortality. So cardiovascular disease, diabetes, you name it, it will improve your chances of not having those. When you pair strength training with it, it becomes even exponentially more. So you can do just strength training and have great benefits of reducing your all cause mortality. You can do just cardiovascular cardiovascular work and have the same, but when you actually pair them together, your health and longevity is going to be so much greater. So we talked about not just having a long lifespan, having a long health span. So how independent are you, late in your later years in life? Are you able to put your own suitcase up in the over-aid compartment when you're traveling? Are you able to pick up your brand-gid, you know, and play with them and keep up with them and run around just that independence, that enjoyability of life dramatically increases when you are just taking the time and making it a priority to do those bare minimums. Where does VO2 Max come into play? There's a lot of dialogue about the importance of VO2 Max right now. And I would say, when I was in college, we were barely measuring VO2 Max, you know, for D1 athletes, it's become so much more a piece of the conversation just for Jen Pop. Now you see the garments, you see all the newer technology measuring this, how accurate, a wearable on your wrist is a different discussion for a different time versus going into the lab to get this done. But how does VO2 play a part in, like you said, health span and longevity? And why are we using that as a metric for those components? We're using that as a metric. Can we see again, all cause mortality decrease when you maintain a higher VO2 Max? Now your VO2 Max will naturally decline with age, but there are norms that we see, okay, you're above this, you have excellent, you're above this, you're superior, you're above this, you're good. And at certain levels, again, you're your risk of dying early or getting these chronic illnesses and diseases is greatly diminished. Now an interesting thing about that is there's, I feel a lot of buzz, maybe just the world that we live in, but of recognizing that a higher VO2 Max comes with all these benefits, but in the studies and the literature, they're not actually measuring the VO2 Max, they're measuring the overall fitness and performance and they tribute that to VO2 Max, but there are other variables that come into play when talking about like fitness and performance and like so winning this race. So it's not just the VO2 Max that important, but again, it comes back to maintaining across the spectrum, working all the energy systems, working the entire force velocity curve, and just maintaining that healthy base as at the bottom as well as the ceiling at the top end. Let's can you explain what VO2 Max is to our listeners and layments turn just to understand what is actually being measured with this test? Yeah, so VO2 Max is your body's ability to utilize oxygen. So the better structures you have, so let's say the more amount of conjured density you have, the bigger amount of conjured, you have the greater proliferation you have, the capillary network that you have going to yourselves, if that's greater, you're going to be able to deliver more oxygen to the cells. If you have a higher red blood cell count, the carrying capacity of your blood is enhanced, and so you can bring more oxygen. So there's a lot of breakdown points in the human system, so a cardiovascular system, respiratory system, metabolic system, that can kind of staunch your VO2 Max, and so when we're doing our testing in the lab, we get a really good look under the hood of what's going on. Oh, is somebody hyperventilating and offloading too much carbon dioxide, is somebody just having a really low max heart rate. Whatever those issues are, we can get a very good understanding to look at it and then have training and nutrition protocol prescriptions to try and enhance that, whether that's through training and supplementation, again, trying to fix not fix, but enhance the structures that they're working with, through again, VO2 Max intervals, or base training, or zone three, like increasing the size of the left ventricle, so we can pump more blood through the system with each beat of the heart. So there's a lot that that goes into that. Last point on VO2 Max here, what is the difference between getting this measurement from this garment on my wrist versus going into a facility that's a equipped to measure it. Let's say more appropriately, right? I myself have had VO2 tests done, I'll shout out the spoke treatments here, and what's that? What that has allowed me to understand, like, I burned through my glucose pretty quickly, and that has helped me adjust some of my fueling strategies when I go after something like a 70.3, I probably need to start a little bit sooner than what I was actually doing. So that's just one of the many benefits and insights that you can gain from something like that, but tell us a little bit about the difference between this here on my wrist versus actually going into the lab to get this measured. Yeah, so the the risk-based, the optical sensor on your watch, your device, or wearable, is not going to be near as accurate, because it's measuring the light refraction from the blood, and it's throwing it in an algorithm and estimating what your VO2 Max is going to be. When you're going in and I actually did a VO2 Max test and recently met a ball crate test this morning with one of my athletes, and so what you're doing is you're putting on the mask and you're measuring the amount of oxygen that they're taking in and measuring the amount of carbon dioxide that they're blowing off. And from that, that's how you were able to see, oh, I'm utilizing this, this many carbohydrates when I'm working at this intensity. So a healthy individual will, should be burning more fat at lower intensity and less carbohydrate at lower intensity. As that intensity rises up, you're going to see that fat curve start to drop and that carbohydrate curve start to increase to where if you're working all out max effort, you're burning all carbohydrates in zero percent fat. So again, having that little chart that graph of like, okay, at 150 beats, I'm burning this percentage of fat carbs, 156, you will see that change and then you can use that and raise strategy to be able to say, oh, you know, I need to taper it down or I'm going to have to ingest more carbs and that's going to be over my limit because I know that's going to upset my stomach or whatever that may be. So using it as that, but also understanding, do you have good fat utilization capabilities even in those lower intensities? And so when we're doing a resting metabolic rate test, we can see at rest the cellular health of an individual just by that one metric alone. Do they tend to burn more fat for fuel at rest or more carbohydrates? And you'll notice in a lot of diabetics and pre-diabetics that they primarily burn carbohydrates. An interesting thing about athletes and you'll see this with like a lot of crossfitters and people that just hammer themselves and all they do is high intensity stuff. They never work on that lowerobic base. As soon as they start to increase the intensity, just a little bit, their body has been trained to go, oh, what we're about to go all out here. We better start dumping glucose into the system and because that's what we're going to need. And so they have a very sensitive shift in, in a burning a lot more carbohydrates than they should at those lower intensities. So you do learn a lot about yourself, about how your body works, by going into the lab and getting those measurements. And so the amount of oxygen that you're taking in at that highest level, there comes a point where you had a peak. And there's a, there is a difference between a VO2 max test and a VO2 peak test. A VO2 max test is a test where you get to the end of the test and the oxygen consumption has gotten to the top of what you can see. A VO2 peak test is where there's actually a peak in that oxygen consumption and then it will actually either plateau or slightly come back down and kind of go back and forth in between that. And that's how you know you've hit your true VO2 peak. Is if you see that at the end of the, the graph, the end of the test at those higher intensities, same with your max heart rate. If you're trying to get a true max heart rate test, you want to be able to climb your heart rate to a point to where you're continually increasing the intensity. But your heart rate hits a spot where it plateau's and it can no longer go higher. That's how you can know for certain that you've done a max heart rate test. And so with that indirect calimetry that you're, with the mass that you're again measuring the oxygen consumption carbon dioxide output, you get a true value of how much oxygen your body is utilizing. Whereas the watch again, it's not measuring your oxygen consumption, it's just guessing at what your blood is doing, putting it in an algorithm. And interestingly enough, and this probably isn't the case, but whenever I've compared the VO2 max results that I've gotten with my athletes to the ones that track it on their watch, for some reason, it's always 10 beats lower on the watch than it is in the actual test. So if you think your VO2 max is low because you look at your watch, well, it might be a little bit higher, so that's something good to think about. Yeah, there's a good takeaway. Thanks for bringing that down, Lance. Last heart rate stat that I want to nerd out on and before we get into our final piece of the discussion here today, heart rate variability. This has been a big one that's come up as well as of late. You've seen whoop start to inject that into their dashboard, other wearables are doing it as well. Your personal opinion is this a fair metric to be measuring on, again, a wrist wearable, how accurate do we think this really is. But then also, how important is this metric, right? I feel like five, six, seven years ago, no one was talking about HRV, right? So number one, what is heart rate variability? The number two, what's the best way of us measuring that word, Lance, do we need to really necessarily be measuring this, especially more so gen pop? Is this something we need to wrap our head around? Right. Heart rate variability is the milliseconds of variability between each heartbeat. And so your heart isn't exactly a beating once every second. It might beat 1.01 seconds and then 0.98 seconds. And so there is a little bit of variability there. The more variability that you have, the better it is because that means that your body's sympathetic nervous system is more in control, or sorry, I should say, parasympathetic nervous system is more in control. So that rest and digest system. If your heart variability is lower, that means your sympathetic system is a more in control. And that's your fire flight system. So if you're chronically stressed out, anxious all the time, you may find that your HRV is much lower than when you get it really good night sleep, or a couple of really good night sleep if you're chronically sleep-deprived, when you're well hydrated, when you're well rested, if you use yourself time to fully recover, so that's an important part is understanding that in like when your parasympathetic system is in the driver's seat versus your sympathetic system. It's not necessarily super important. I would say for the general population, but when you talk about athletes that are trying to optimize every little percentage point that they can and do it in a safe manner, they may have like a really hard training session on the schedule for the next day and then they wake up and they see that their HRV is plummeted for whatever reason. It can guide their decision on if they should do that workout at all or if they should taper it, maybe cut it in half, give themselves a full rest day, whatever that may be. So I would say it's more for the athlete and then with your question of, is it even accurate? Again, it comes back to quality and quality out. If you don't have a good measuring device and we go back to the optical sensor on your on your wrist-based wearable, that may not give you the best reading. If you can get it with a heart rate strap, that's going to be the gold standard and if you can get it first thing when you wake up before you've started moving around and gotten your heart rate up, like just sit there and measure that's going to be again the gold standard. And so with people one thing that we have to keep in mind is I can't compare my HRV to yours. I can't say, oh, yours is 96 and minus 72 so you know you're more covered than I am. But we all have a certain range that will kind of plan depending on how fit we are and how we're training. So the most important thing to do and this is really true with most things, even going back to the O2 Max is it's not the actual number on the day, it's the trend over time. So if your HRV is is chronically low for, you know, a male, it's 32 or whatever it is, then okay, well that may just be your normal set point. But if you see it rise or dip, now you know that something's happening. So looking for the trend over time is important. Same with your V02 Max, everybody has a genetic ceiling. You can push it a little bit higher and you look for that trend. But the number the number itself isn't like an end all be all. Yes, we want it to be high when we compare it to norms in terms like when we're looking at our health and longevity. But the most important thing is can we increase it? Can we have those those positive trends over time? Great, all great points. Thanks for breaking those down. I want to transition for aerobic training. Mindset is a large part of endurance. It's easy to crank some music and being out a few reps, speed in the gym itself is motivating to power through a lift. But you know it all too well. I know it when you're high on the road or in the trails for hours at a time with no one but yourself. The thoughts can come creeping in. So Lance, what's your mindset method for endurance training? We're going to talk about you personally for a second and maybe some of those personal experiences then transition into how you're you're speaking and then the dialogue that you're exchanging with your clients. But breakdown kind of the mindset that has to go into something, especially the 100 mile races that you're going after right now. Yeah, so when you talk about the mindset of running 100 miles, having the expectation that things are going to hurt, you like it has to be in the back of your mind. Like you have to understand and know that at some point things are going to hurt really, really bad. And if you think otherwise, you're going to be really surprised because like it's going to happen. And so just understanding and knowing that it's there can be the first thing to really help you get through it a little bit easier because okay, like this is normal. This is expected. I'm I'm supposed to feel this way at some point. When it comes to training for that, putting yourself in those difficult training runs every now and then putting yourself out in the middle of the day, hitting a humidity, you know, if you have a really hot race coming up and doing some heat stress training, that's that's really going to help. And like for instance, you said coming back to my training, the the first race of the Grand Slam that I did this year old Dominion, the heat took me out. And I knew it was going to be really hot in human. I didn't realize how hot in human. And so my heat stretch training, I would say wasn't as good as I would have liked it to be leading up to that race. Everything else was really good. And so my strategy during that race was okay, the race is starting at 40m. I'm going to hammer as many miles out as I can, like try to get some time, bank some time. And I was able to do that. My banked about an hour of worth of time. And then once the sun came up, it got hot, it slowed me down. I lost that entire hour, plus another 30 minutes of the pace that I wanted to be on. And again, if I, if I would have been able to do more heat stress training and be more comfortable in those comfortable situations, I would have gotten through that with a slightly faster pace. But then at the end of the race, when it got dark again, now I got my head lamp on again. And I'm going through the night, I was able to make up most of that, but not quite all of it. And so this, this second race that I just finished this week in the Vermont 100, I did the most intense heat stress training that I've ever experienced. And it was so uncomfortable. The heat is my kill as heal. I love the cold. I overheat so easily. And I actually got at the end of the race, I was walking back to my car. And the Vermont 100, you're racing against horses. By the way, so that was a really cool experience. And some guy comes up behind me and he goes, oh, you must have won the Clyde's Dale Division. Just goes on this big dude, like the biggest guy out there against all these like smaller alterunners. And I just like really made me laugh. No Clyde's Dale horses out there run and no. But anyways, I have a lot of body mass. And my surface area isn't that great when you compare it to like a thinner, spindly or long, limbed runner. So that essentially means that they're better at dissipating heat than I am. And so your, your bigger athlete, you'll, you'll notice that they'll tend to overheat much more. So I was like, okay, I have to do better with my heat stress training because this is my kill as heal. I know it's going to kill me. And so every single day for ever since the, the first race old menion, I was doing either running in the middle of the day, running in the middle of the day with a rain jacket on to create like even a hotter environment, doing saunas, doing hot tubs, whatever I could to get physiological adaptations that would help me during the race. And that was one thing that really helped like the seven weeks of misery of running in the heat allowed me to not be quite as miserable on the day and for a month. And I was able to to get through that without as much discomfort and my RPE, my rating of perceived exertion during those really hot moments where I would either be fully exposed to the UV or I would dip down and hit a pocket of humidity that wasn't as great as what I think it would have been if I didn't put myself in pain cave and and do those things leading up to that race. I think this is a really great transition into telling us a little bit more about how you're training for these races lands. So we're going to close things out today by turning up the intensity and you know complaining on one mile wrong can be daunting for some of the gen pop listeners let alone 100 but bring us a little further inside the pain cave of what you've been going through what it looks like the train for these races, how you manage your time, what fueling looks like. So number one, let's just talk about training cadence and breakdown. What's a week look like for you right now? So right now because I'm in between two of the races that are really close together I'm just recovering this week so I'm only doing massage, did some cold plunge to I'm still my legs, my feet are still swollen so trying to get as much inflammation out of the body before I start training up again but when I am in actual training block to where I can push things I'm training six days a week and I'll have one full rest recovery day because that's where you actually get all of those positive adaptations right you you have stress then you have rest and that's what you equals growth if you don't have that rest component then you're just perpetually breaking your body down and you're never fully realizing those benefits and I find a lot of ultra under because you have a lot of type A people that do like ultra and triathlons they'll hammer hammer hammer day in day out and never give their body a full rest day and I'm like you're really not optimizing like all this hard work that you're putting in. So I think it's a very important at least once every 10 days to have a full rest recovery day even just to leave your central nervous system chill out and recover. So for me I find that for my body once every week works really well to have that full complete rest day and then in that I'll do during the training I'll do one to two strength training sessions and that'll be focused on maximal strength because with the ultra-end distance running you're filling up those buckets of your aerobic base and the slow twitch muscle fibers and so we talked earlier about training the entire force velocity training all of your energy systems so when you're in the gym if you're doing medium to light weight and you're doing 20-30 reps of something you're training muscular endurance and you're getting that out there when you're running. So I like to say to the endurance athletes you know do build strength in the gym build endurance on your runs don't try to build more endurance in the gym you're just overfilling that endurance bucket so I'm trying to fill those buckets probably where they belong I'll have two long runs during the week and I'll do them on back to back days usually a Friday Saturday or a Saturday Sunday and what that allows me to do is to safely accumulate a ton of volume and a really short amount of time safely because you're getting that little bit of rest and recovery in between so I would never really for myself or any of my athletes for a training run program more than 30 miles so during a peak week of training it would be say a 30 mile Saturday and then a 20 mile Sunday so you're still accumulating 50 miles of volume on that weekend in a 36 hour time frame but you're not at the risk of injury near as much as if you were to hammer that out all at once. From there I also make sure I had at least one high intensity effort I usually do two and again the high intensity efforts are dependent on where I am in this season the further away I am the further the further out that I am from the race and the event the more I'll be working at the top end of the spectrum the VO2 max stuff the threshold stuff as I get closer to the race I need to get more race specific so I'll do a lot more zone three tempo interval stuff so for my high intensity days and then from there the other days are filled with three to four easy runs and then again lots of recovery you can't train what you don't recover from and so that's another thing I see is like people put in a lot of volume a lot of intensity but not put the time into recovery and that is when your body adapts and you get stronger. The first reaction to something like this for somebody who's never done something like this is who has the time. Time management has to be a big player here talk a little bit how you manage to run your business and train with your train your clients and then train for yourself for something like this. It's all a compromise right so I don't have I don't currently have a family and so in that sense I can be very selfish with my time. I have my own business so I can be very selfish with my time I can set my own schedule so again very fortunate that I have those capabilities and then I can kind of put those workouts in where they'll fit in between my clients which is which is really really nice and then I don't have a lot to do in the evening you know I'm not social I don't go out at night like my I have zero social life like running is life running is life training is life coaching is life and like I'm very fortunate that I really enjoy what I do you know it doesn't seem like a job to me it's it's just the hobby that I like to do and so it's it all kind of works out that way but with with these higher volumes in spending more time I am really busy so I'll have 16 17 18 hour days and with that again I don't have time to go out with friends and stuff like that so I do make sacrifices and during certain times of the season where I need these higher volumes like that's just something that I prioritize that doesn't mean that you can't do these types of events and with a family and kids and a social life you just have to be a little bit more savvy with what you're doing and manage the training a little bit differently there are plenty of people that can compete and do well with lower volume stuff lower volume weeks lower volume training and I would I would say if you're in a lead level and you're competing at the top you don't have that luxury you do have to kind of go all in but if you're at that level you're making money doing it your family probably understand like okay hey like we're getting some money from this like this is how we're paying to bill so like go off on that three hour four hour run whatever like we'll I'll take care of the kids during that time um so again it just really depends on on your lifestyle on your priorities how elite you want to be or how competitive you want to be at that um but yeah you can you can definitely do it at a lower mileage and say like three key runs a week one one being a long run one being like a threshold tempo run and then an easy run and then like one session of strength and then like the rest recovery so you can do it in other scenarios what does rest and recovery you mentioned having that that dedicated rest day either every seven or ten days right full stop and then there's of course some active recovery days that people can inject as well if they find that they they need more than just that one solid day but what does what kind of recovery modalities are you injecting into your routine you mentioned massage before what other modalities are you using yeah so I'm a big fan of massage so every week on my rest day on my full rest day I'll go get a 90 minute full body massage and then on one other day of the week I'll also do an hour foot massage and I have honestly felt over the last couple of years that when I miss that I feel so much worse and so then my next week of training is not near his high quality so for me understanding that like okay my body really responds well to massage like I have to keep this in other things that you can do you know some people respond well to red light therapy when it comes to cold plunge and cold baths I usually detract from it unless you're doing like maybe back to back things say you have like two back to back and you need to recover because the body needs that little bit of inflammation that happens like a little bit of inflammation is good a lot of inflammation is not so good so after a race I'll do I'll do the cold plunge and I try to get as much of that inflammation out during training I'll just deal with the discomfort of inflammation to get the training adaptations of training benefits from it some other things that you do like stretching active mobility working on your joints is very very important again road running I would say is a little bit worse when it comes to just getting in that repetitive motion there's not a lot of linear off-counter movements you don't have to like chop up your steps because you're going over rocks and roots and things and so it's even more important for road runners trail runners is a little bit better you're having that very slight variability with your running but if you do find that your recovery is not as good as you like you can all ways also do some cross training so if you still want to build up that cardiovascular system you can do some electrical work you can do some biking work you can do some swimming some other again like zone two modalities cyclical work that's going to help improve that cardiovascular system just understanding that you may not get the neuromuscular components of it that will transfer over to running I'd be remiss not to ask you what the heck you're eating to keep up with this amount of mileage on a weekly basis so how are you fueling what does nutrition look like and you know what what have you found is working really well to get you through the summer and the challenge I eat everything one thing that I love cookies so cookies are on the menu pretty much every single day but another thing that's on the menu every single day is food meal sorry every something else it's on the docket every single day is meal prep delivery so I use a meal prep service where they deliver the meals at the beginning of the week and they're in my fridge and I can just put them in the microwave or I can put them in the oven it's really quick and it that also allows me to be a lot more time efficient and be able to slot in more client calls have more time during the day because I'll literally shelf it in the microwave for three minutes shovel the food down my mouth and then I'm on to the next thing right so just getting the calories yeah and so so that's another thing like you make the you make it less of a priority to okay I'm gonna go out to a nice dinner and we're gonna spend 90 minutes two hours and enjoy the food it's like all right I'm gonna the food's good enough and it's it's getting all the requirements that I need it I'm getting the protein needs I'm getting the calorie count that I need to support the training that I'm doing and that's probably the most important thing is is matching your caloric intake and your protein needs with the training that you're doing to make sure that your body can recover properly and a big thing I didn't mention but the most important when it comes to recovery is just sleep and sometimes unfortunately like I'm not the best at that either because I'm trying to fit in so many things during the day that my sleep window shrinks but when it comes to preparing for those big races it's like that is the priority the weak leading up it's like okay if I'm if I'm behind it all like we gotta get on my sleep so trying to make sure that I'm not programming in any clients in the early morning so I can just sleep in catch up on that because when you're racing for 24 or 30 hours that becomes a major player in how you're feeling we know from different studies that the more sleep to drive you are the greater your perceived exertion level or the greater your perceived level of pain is and that was actually talk about earlier the like the mental tricks when I was doing my 200 mile race last year I that was a race that you actually have to sleep during and so I slept for about five and a half hours total during that 200 mile race and I was in extremes amounts pain like nine out of ten on the scale but I knew from those studies that oh if if you're sleep deprived it's gonna feel a lot worse so I'd be like okay I'm I'm gonna I'm gonna get to the next state station I'm gonna take a 30 minute nap 45 minute nap 75 minute nap whatever it was and if I don't feel better when I wake up then I'll quit but I won't quit until I give myself that option and so I would always wake up and it would only be like a six out of ten I'm like okay I'll make it to the next state station halfway there back to nine out of ten same thing all right I'll quit after I take an app see how I feel so if I'm not feeling you better so sleep is a very very important part of that recovery process. Sleep is king I think with all the recovery tools and all the bells and whistles that exist today you can get the boots you can get the guns you can get all the shiny toys but if you are not sleeping and getting quality sleep none of that's gonna matter it's that's the most bang for your buck that you can get when it comes to recovery. For your nutrition I think what you said it was interesting because I think every athlete kind of gets to a point where you really do start to view food as fuel I remember that light bulb moment for me when I was in the middle of a training cycle and I was just feeling tremendous and I was like one of my doing right now that sets this apart from anything else that I've done in the past any other challenge or endeavor race and it's just my nutrition was the most dial that had ever been and I started to learn from that experience and you really do start to understand all not everything I have to eat I have to be over the world about right I was not to say you need to go into the old school chicken broccoli and rice like we're not saying that I think we made that clear plenty of times on this and this series but it gets to a point where you start to understand what foods drive you and help you feel your best whether you're sitting in a meeting for work or you're going out to the trails for a run. What do you find that is for you Lance? What are your key foods within the macros that you're eating that kind of help you feel your best? So my pre-race meal will always be overnight oats. So I've kind of dialed that in that always makes me feel really good it gives me a little ballast to kind of solidify things because once I get into the race it's usually a lot of gels and processed foods and so having that more whole food solid food leading into that race is very very helpful when I get into the race again like I mentioned when we look at the results on of the O2 Macs test even though we're moving in an ultra marathon at a very slow pace considered to compare to what we could do and that intensity is low we're utilizing a lot of fat but we're still utilizing carbs too and even this guinea stavas will have 50 to 70,000 calories of fat stored on their body and so we don't necessarily need to fuel with fat when we're running when we're training when we're racing but we only can have about 2,000 calories of carbs and that'll get used up really quick so you see in marathoners around that 20 mile mark hitting the bunk you know hitting the wall, bonking that's usually because they're not fueling too well and they've lost primarily all the carbohydrates that they have so replenishing your carbohydrates as you continue through the race is absolutely key again fat it's actually going to slow down the digestion absorption of those nutrients and you need them uptake fast right you need you need that that carbohydrate in there the later stages of the race you will definitely start to crave more solid foods so during the the evening time aid stations sometimes they'll have like porrogues and hamburgers and hot dogs and you'll see people slamming those back a lot a lot of warm foods usually in the night time because it will get cold but when it comes to to racing and training it's important to have a list of foods that you know work for you and then a list of foods that you know don't work for you and you can only do that through experimentation and so when I talk my athletes about nutrition and trying to figure out what those are for them there's there's kind of three buckets that we've talked about so you talk about like your processed foods that's your like carbohydrate drink mixes that's your gels um then you have your semi processed food so that can be like your bars and your choose potato chips things like that and then you have your your whole foods that can be your rice balls your hamburgers things that are a little bit more full and so within those three categories I recommend to my athletes finding different foods that agree with them and each of those categories and then within each of those categories finding something that is sweet finding something that is savory and finding something that is salty can be very beneficial so you have essentially nine options sweet savory and salty that's processed sweet savory and salty that's semi processed and sweet savory and salty that's whole foods and you know if you're fortunate enough to have a crew with you then they can have all of those things for you ready to rock and roll when you get to the aid station and you know get what you need when you need it because after 3040 miles there's no telling what you're gonna what you're gonna want but there are definitely times that you're gonna be like I can't touch another gel I don't even want to drink this carbohydrate drink like you just get so sick of it and so yeah so having those different taste profiles having those different consistency is really important to allow you the opportunity to continue to get in calories continue to get in carbs so that you can continue to fuel your body and not just break down and so I want to end today's episode with you giving us three tips for someone looking to break into endurance training for the first time yeah so tip one we talked about it earlier is choose an activity or activities that you really enjoy doing the benefits from endurance training continue to develop over months and years and even decades and the more enjoyable the activity is for you the more likely you'll stay consistent with it for this longer time frame so that's number one number two build up your volume slowly and gradually so different structures in our bodies adapt on different timeframes so for instance our cardiovascular system will get stronger faster than our tendons ligaments and bones will and people will often accumulate volume too fast because their heart rate is adapting quickly and they don't realize that their soft tissues aren't quite ready for the uptick and this will often lead to injury so your shin splints your planar fasciitis killies to nidus those things number three would be when it comes to how much time you should spend training at different intensities remember this training almost high coup from Steve Magnus lots of easy occasionally go hard very rarely go see God love that lands thanks so much for joining us today tell the audience how they can fall along in the rest of your journey yes so I'll be posting a lot of my journey on instagram instagram is Lance a Parker I'll also be documenting and putting some of it up on my youtube channel which is Parker Peak performance and then my website is Parker Peak Performance.com awesome looking for it to see some of the behind the scenes content good look on the rest of your series thank you so much thank you for having me this is fun thanks for tuning in to another episode here at bodybuilding.com stay tuned for more stories along the way