Success. Greatness. It doesn't find you. You have to chase it. Heartwork isn't hard at all if you're hungry. You have to taste it. I'm Lord's Balladry. How hungry are you? For a day's shoulder workout, it's going to be a lot of fun. We're going to have some heavy lifts in there. Go five to six reps. I want you guys to pound it out. Don't hold back for anything. I want you to be nice and heavy. Then after that run, pump it up and go about eight to twelve reps. Get a lot of blood into muscles. Little rest period is possible. When you guys come in, I want you to hit it hard. I don't want you to really think about any other thing throughout the day. Your focusing just on your lift, just on your dream physique, achieving your PRs, your personal records, your goals. All I want you to do is sit down and focus. Because success only comes to people that work hard and focus on their goals. Nobody is going to help you get to where you want to be besides you. Before we knock off this workout, you always have to warm up. You want to do it about five to ten minutes of cardio. Warm up your rotator cups and you show yourself your prevent injuries. So this is what we're going to do to actually warm up our rotator cups. You can do this with dumbbell. You can do this on a cable. You can do this with a band to damage using a band. You can do a touch to something that's sturdy and all you're doing is bring it in. Nice and control. It's not a real workout. You're really trying to get blood into your rotator cups. Then you just switch hands and you work your exterior rotator cup. It's by just slowly rotating your arm out. We're doing about ten to twenty reps and these switch arms and you do vice versa on each arm. You do this about two to three rounds and you're good to go. Just only take it about two to three minutes. Now we're going to do some arm circles and just warm up our shoulders a little bit more. You know, it's trying to get some blood into them so they're ready for our heavy lifts. And so we don't really hurt anything. We're going forward and back just about ten reps on each. Nice and simple. We're doing small circles not big ones. Alright, so now what we're going to do is we can start with military press. We're going to sit down. We're doing inside of a car rat. Just in case you don't have a spot. You want to be as safe as possible. We're going to do two warm upsets with about six reps. We're just trying to get into the motion and then we're going to do three working sets of six reps. You're going to take about two minutes break. Minute to two minutes break because you really want to bang out heavy weights as possible. Every day you're not going for the best. You're not going to be able to reach the same PRs you made last week. Sometimes nutrition, sometimes your central nervous system. So I want you guys to remember, push as hard as you possibly can. If you don't have a spot to help you lift it up, stop. You don't want to hurt yourself. Drop the weight a little bit and you'll be perfectly fine. And finish up your reps. So now we're going to keep the intensity going. We're going to hit some Arnold presses. I like doing it with a high back seat, but you can go with the regular seat if you like. We're going to do one warm up set followed by three working sets. With Arnold pressure starting to get more of your front dough into the action. So it's really getting a lot of power and a lot of size. And your front tip with a lot of people are really lacking. Really want to build a belt show to us. It really brings out the width of your body. And it gives your arms a well developed look. It's one of the most important things I've worked at probably one full time once a week. And then I hit it a little bit on chest day and on back day as well. So we just got done with the heavy movement heavy compound movements. Now we're moving over isolation. So we're going to do three sets of eight to twelve reps. Really focusing on the squeeze and controlling the weight. We're not just throwing it up. We're going to throw it all away throughout the motion. Keep your body straight. Squeeze it all the way up. Don't let it come all the way down and touch with the thigh. When you're doing this one, the weight's a lot heavier because you're not actually able to rock your body in about a minute. And you always have constant tension on that muscle. So don't really worry about the weight. We're about keeping the full contraction throughout the whole exercise. Make sure you're properly squeezing. You're not rocking. Your bench is insuane. Alright, so now we're hopping into cable and climb lateral raises. Great exercise. We're going to do three sets, eight to twelve reps. We're going to bang it out and kill it. So all you want to do is grab the handle and over slightly. And make sure we're keeping the same tension in the squeeze as throughout the rest of our exercises. So guys, you saw some of the reps were in a full 100-trip range of motion. It's about 28 to 90%. Just because you get so much blood in there, sometimes it's hard to actually contract the muscle fully. We're just going through the motion. Make sure it's squeezing as tight as possible. And keeping that intensity up as high as possible. We don't want long rest periods. It's 30 to 45 seconds, bang it out and keep on moving. Really great exercise because you're stopping the rocking motion. We're isolating each front and toe, laying back. Keep the intensity the same. Three sets, eight to twelve reps. We're going to go single hand. The best part about doing it on the ankle climb is to really stretch it out to front and Delta. When you're contracting your able to get a great stretch, get extra blood flow into it. We want to make sure we keep the intensity high. Those breaks were a little bit shorter. When I say 30 to 45 seconds breaks, it's really only if you need it. To go all way to 45 seconds. If you could cut it shorter 20 seconds, that's good. Keep the pump, keep the intensity going. Now we're going to reverse pec-deck flies. Really get a good contraction on your rear Delta, round out the shoulders. We're going to do three sets of eight to twelve reps. Keep the intensity high. You know, 30 second breaks if necessary. Keep banging out. Keep getting the great pump. So let's get started. A lot of people really think they hit their rear Delta enough on their back exercises. But I think you need to do it a little bit more just because it's in the collective area. You don't get that round as thickness to your extra shoulder and that your actual body. All we're going to focus on is keeping our elbows up, pulling back and tracking our muscles. You don't want your elbows down too much because you're not going to be squeezing your rear Delta enough. You keep your elbows parallel with the ground. You'll be able to squeeze your rear Delta. Get great detail and really round out the back of your shoulders. We're going to go right in the shrubs. Bang this out. Eight to twelve reps. Three sets. We're keeping the intensity high. I want to keep everything rolling. Keep the pump. You want to make sure that you're getting really, really good contraction. So let's get it started and knock this out. Most people go a little bit heavier on shrugs. It's usually a pretty strong movement for most people. So that's why I went barbell. Strap's are a lot easier just because you've been using your grip. To go through the rest of the day, you can rest of the shoulder exercises. This leg will all the movements I usually do. It's always a slight pause at the top. Really controlling the muscle. Really contracting it. If you go too fast, you're using a lot of momentum to move the weight. It's because they're not really contracting. They're kind of just going through the motion and everything's just bouncing. All right. So that's it for our shoulder workout. We went through high intensity. Some heavy lifts. Good contraction. Some good isolation. You're covering almost every aspect that you really need to actually get growth. So make sure to come back to bodybuilding.com for more content information for me and my team bodybuilding.com athletes. My name's Lawrence. I'll catch you guys next time.