Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What's up, bodybuilding.com, listeners. My name is Danielle Bits, and welcome back to the BB Com podcast. We are coming to you from Austin, Texas this week, and today I'm joined by Zach Zilner. Zach is the Women's Basketball Sports Performance Coach at the University of Texas. He's a certified strength and conditioning specialist by the National Strength and Conditioning Association. He has a CPR AED certification from the American Red Cross and has levels one and two certifications from the title is Performance Institute. Zilner earned his bachelor's degree in sports science with an emphasis in exercise science from the University of Kansas. He currently develops, implements, and supervises the training regimen for the Texas Women's Basketball Team in the areas of speed, strength, agility, conditioning, and flexibility. He also works with the areas of sports medicine and performance nutrition at the University. Zilner has experienced at three NCAA Division One institutions, most recently serving as Assistant Strength and Conditioning Coach at the University of Kansas. At KU, he uses sports performance coach for the Women's Basketball, Zalphal, Women's Golf, and Women's tennis teams. He worked directly with 2017, Big 12 Women's Basketball and newcomer of the year Jessica Washington. He also assisted with men's basketball, including 2017 National Player of the Year, Frank Mason, and was responsible for the development of incoming athletes. Zilner spent more than a year as Assistant Strength and Conditioning Coach at the University of Illinois, where he worked with the Women's Basketball, volleyball, and men's and women's golf teams. During his tenure, the University's men's golf team won the Big 10 Championship and the NCAA Regional with three players being deemed as all Americans. Zach, welcome to the BB Compaq cast. Danielle, thanks again for having me. This is great. I decided to jump in and just a quick backstory of how we got connected. So Zach was a colleague of my former collegiate teammate, back at KU, so shout out to Karen Robbins. Thanks for making the connection. It's gonna be a really valuable conversation today and I'm excited to jump in. Karen's the best song that she could hook this up. This is gonna be awesome. Yeah, absolutely. So Zach, topping number one, building Zach before we get into building athletes, right? But before we get into what it takes to build a lead level, collegiate athletes, let's break down what built Zach Zilner, walk us through your journey from start to present day, what drove you to the path you find yourself in and let's start with that upbrain. Yeah, so I think this kind of funny my mom actually got me into strengthening this team per se. She was crazy like 5 a.m. Every morning, she'd go to her personal trainer, workout. And growing up, you still watch all the like Conan the Barbarian and Arnold Schwarzenegger Terminator videos and I was like, Mom, how do you get muscles like that? And she's like, well, you workout. I'm like, what's working out? She's like, you know, the thing I do every morning I go to the gym, like that's how you get muscles. I was like, well, I wanna get muscles. And so she's like, oh, come with me. And she jokes that I would set my alarm every morning, you know, like, or it have her come in to check on me because I'm like six at the time, so I'm not setting alarm. And she's like, hey, I'm gonna workout, you wanna come and I'd spring out of bed, go there, and then her personal trainer at the time like included me on the stuff. So there's like little one pound weights, right? Make shift away to like sit on the bike to paddle them all that kind of stuff. And I would do it every morning. So I'd wake up a third, we'd work out and then we'd go to Starbucks after and I'd get a little blueberry muffin or something like that. And then she checked with my like pediatrician, like is okay for a six year old to work out. And luckily, he was like super advanced and I was like, it doesn't stunt your growth. So they made a little progression where they got me a weight set from like one pound to five pounds. And he was like, you gotta be able to squat at this many times, press it this many times, lunch at this many times. And then from there, the little ass weights for the pink ones and the yellows and the purples, but the big five pounders are blue. And so the whole time, I was like, you know what, I gotta do it every time to get to the blues. So like every day after school or whatever I come down, do my little workout routine. And then yeah, my mama check it off and I go down and down and down. And then from there, like most people, you know, you play sports when you're younger. And you know, lifting, I was like, okay, it's a tangible thing that I can see like, it'll get me faster, it'll get me stronger. It'll ultimately get me on the field. And then from there, I was, you know, an average athlete. I think where I excelled was like, I was always the kid who was coming to weights every single day. I would come early to practice stay after. And it was kind of like that war course mentality that I just loved. I found myself liking that even more than like the sport itself, which is kind of funny. And I guess that kind of lends itself to my job today. Yeah, discipline was still in the discipline of a routine. I should say it was a hell of a very early age. And that's so rare. I've never heard of anyone working with their pediatrician, especially you know, what 20, 30, plus years ago. Yeah, I was dialed in. Because of people asking me training questions. I was like, I haven't been doing this since I was like six. I obviously had a small level, but like, I've just always loved like pushing yourself and then every week like you get better at it. Like my mom has stories of me running around the house. And she'd time me while she was like making dinner, like yell out the times. And I don't know very many little kids that enjoy doing that kind of stuff. So not sure what it is, but I've always liked doing that kind of stuff. Yeah, there's always that conversation of where you born or where you made into what you are. And yours is definitely a little bit. You were just kind of born with the grind. Yeah, it's like a little kid. I'm sure the neighbors were like, what the heck is going on over there. Tell us about, you know, this becomes a passion for you becomes really. You sound like you're hobby, right? But when did the realization occur in terms of turning this into a career? So my senior year in high school, I got a job as the receptionist that the company my mom was working at. And I just sat there and answered phones all day. And people obviously see you throughout the day. And like, oh, what do you want to do? And I was like, I want to train athletes. People are like athletic trainer. I was like, no, I want to be like, you know, whatever it's called that gets athletes to run faster, jump higher, because that really wasn't very popular then. And one of the women that worked in the office, she was like, my brother-in-law is actually the basketball strength coach at North Carolina. She's like, would you like me to give you a z-mail? I was like, absolutely. So I sent him an email, Zach, interested in what you do. Luckily, he responded back to me. And one of his good friends was at the University of Kansas, which was 45 minutes down the street from my house. So I emailed Derek Arnold at the University of Kansas. And I was like, can I come shadow you for dinner? And he was like, sure, come on up. And so I prepared for it like it was an interview. So I showed up in a suit, had my resume, my odd jobs, and my grades in high school, toured. And then I was like, I want to intern. And he's like, we're going to have to go talk to the boss, who's Andrea Huddy, who you guys don't know. And I'm just probably the best basketball strength in the finishing coach in the world. Legend. Legend. I was like, I'm not gonna do her. And she's like, it was this guy in a suit, like, with his resume. And I was like, I want to intern. She's like, well, come back when you're a senior. Like, we only take people who graduate that way. You can prove that you can handle college. And this is what you really want to do. And I was like, well, can I volunteer in any capacity? And she was like, sure, you can clean equipment, but you're not part of the curriculum. So if you want to get up here every day and clean, knock yourself out. And so I was like, cool. And so first day of school, showed up at 5 a.m. they let me in, started to cleaning all day. And the rule was like, I couldn't observe until I was done with all my cleaning tasks. And that weight remote at the time was the size of a football weight room. So it was huge. Not sure the square footage, but like, very large room to be cleaning. So I knew, min's basketball trained at 2 p.m. every day. So I was like, okay, I'll give me at least six hours to clean. And then I got to go to the class and come back. So I'd figure out a way to get there early enough to get all my cleaning obligations. And then observe min's basketball from 2 to 3. And then my sophomore year, she had a big staff turn over. They got jobs. Other places, a lot of people want those strength coaches just because if you're a basketball, school at a different school, you know, you want that kind of Kansas pedigree, I guess. So my sophomore year, they like all left. And it was just her and I, she's like, hey man, let's see what you learn. Like hop in and get it going. So I was changing plates and making sure the guys are on task and everything like that. And after a month of doing that, she was like, think you have an act for this. Like I'd like to bring you on as an actual intern. And so from there, I did it all the way through. I graduated and now it's just something I was truly obsessed over. Off the bench to a starting player earlier than you expected. Rise to the occasion. Yeah. Yeah. So you know, would you, would you consider that your first job in the field, tell us, you know, a little bit about that? Absolutely. Like I would, you know, who do you always give me crap now because there'd be sometimes right skip class to make a session. And my whole thing was like, I hate class. I like this. This is what I want to do. I'm in the way. Exactly. Like let me do this. And so I was kind of lucky where my first job already had five years of, you know, weight room experience. And most intern, like you graduate and then you intern first summer or semester. And I'd five years of like reps. So I'd like my own teams. I would help out with like the cheer and dance team and cross country and some of these smaller, you know, size teams. And then from there, you know, I got my coaching voice. Got to learn from some of the best strength and finishing coaches in the industry. And so I think with my first job, I had five to six years of experience, which was definitely a leg up on a lot of people. Yeah, leg up for sure. And tell us, tell us where we go from KU. So when I finally graduated, took me five years. Right, all this class is exactly right. I had to make them up somehow. I left with one of our assistant basketball coaches to the University of Southern Miss. I did Minza Women's Basketball and then volleyball. So I was my first job. I was the director of that department. And I had a, it was in charge of a GA who was actually older than me. So I was 23 at the time. So we had like a couple players on the team that were older than me. So it was kind of weird dynamic of like, this is your first job. You're not in a system. You're running the department. And so there's a lot of learning. And that year that I was there was probably the most I have to grow up. I had to grow up my entire life of like your professional now. You're in these big meetings with these head coaches. Like it's kind of like, I don't know, every day was a new opportunity to fail. And then get over that. And it was a great, great growing experience for sure. The resources that Southern Miss were a lot smaller than there was a mid-major school compared to a power five. So our weight room was probably the size of two of these podcast studios. We had like two racks, thing of dumbbells, and that was it. So it's like how do I get 50 athletes through this room and a timely manner? So you had to get really creative. But now it was unbelievable experience. Different challenges, different skill sets. I'm sure required. Yeah. The stuff they don't really teach you in school. Yeah. What do you do with minimal equipment? You need to get maximum results. And you only have certain amount of time. And let's keep it rolling. And then you go to Illinois. You go back to KU and the Atlanta UT. Before we get there, this is a lot of moving. And this is kind of part of the nature of the job, which I don't think a lot of people realize. Like how are those decisions made? Was it easy for you to kind of just pick things up and move along? Do you have to kind of, what thought process goes into that? Yeah, it's tough. I mean, was that an advantage where I wasn't married? Didn't have kids. So I'm at the mercy of wherever I want to live and whatever I want to do. So when I got the opportunity at Illinois and then back to Kansas, I was like, okay, it's a way to advance. Like it was sooner than I thought I would. Usually I would pick tree now. You stay at a school for like two or three years, then two or three like that. But you know, I got the opportunity. It's kind of like you get only so many of these opportunities and you kind of have to go for it. Yeah. Tell us a little bit more about UT, the culture, the community, the athletic student, and they're for quite a while now. What do you love most about it? So this is funny when I was at Kansas for the second time. It was like, there's my alma mater. I'm from there. I'm like cool, this is my last stop at 25. Like this is great. I'm gonna retire here, be a J-Hawk for life. I've locked in. And then yeah, I got done with my first season. I'm like, here we go and Andrew hoodie came into my office and she's like a Texas Women's Basketball once the interview you. I was like, okay, I'll think about you. She's like, no, you don't understand. Like, it's Texas. She's like, if you get the job you're going. I was like, well, I don't, she's like, you're, I'm not letting you come back. And I'm like, okay, so I got the job and like being from Kansas, I feel like everyone from Texas, like you don't understand it. Like everyone's so prideful in Texas about like, they love Texas, they bleed Texas everything. And being from Kansas, I just like didn't really understand that. I was like, these guys are cocky air again, like whatever. And then after my first, honestly, we get UT, I was like, okay, I get it now. Like the pressure and everything that's involved, like that's the flagship school, the state. Every day you walk through the hallways and there's Olympians, national champions, Hall of Fame coaches. And here you are, you know, trying to make a splash as well. It's just, I love the Uber competitive environment. Yeah, absolutely. I, this is a personal moment for me. The Texas Longhorns were like my dream team when I was seven years old, watching college softball. I was like, I mean, they're, they dominate. Yeah, that was it, man. That was like, I'm going there. But I mean, it's just really cool to see that come full circle and a sitting here together. It's definitely special. You know, I, the last point I want to talk about personally for use act for a long time building your personal brand outside of college athletics has really frankly been frowned upon, right? Until recently, at your loyalty was for the brand of the school itself, but talk about some recent changes and how that's helped you professionally and to grow and expand your network. Yeah, I feel like the power of social media now wasn't something even 10, 15 years ago was a thing. Like, it was hard to find like, who was at the strength coach for a school? What they did? Like, you might get a bio on a website and then maybe a press clipping here there, but like you had no idea who these people were, what they were doing. And as social media went started to take off, you know, different coaches were posting, but it was kind of frowned upon. Like it's like, you know, you should be busy coaching around the, it's not taking videos. It's like, it's not that hard to take a video and one of your interns can take the video. And they're probably better at it because they're younger and tech savvy. So I was actually vending to my sister about this. I was like, all this stuff on Twitter, there's like bad training and people are putting up these bad videos. And I was just being kind of the guy and the stands complaining. And she's like, well, if you're so good at whatever you do, like, you don't put your stuff out there and like, no, you know, gave her the same excuse of like, I'm busy coaching. She's like, sounds like a excuse. And she knows me well enough if you want me to do anything, just tell me I can't do something or not capable. Well, I'm like, no, I'm gonna prove you wrong. Yes, sister knows. Exactly. She's like, well, start posting stuff and if you're so good, maybe, you know, you can help move the field forward. And I was like, oh, okay, fine. And so I post stuff like sporadically and I got some good feedback and help open up some doors to like, speak at conferences or like podcasts or different things like that. And then I always talk about like making an impact. And every coach is like, you know, I wanna make the biggest impact possible. But how do you do that if you only have 15 athletes? Like, you're only affecting 15 people every year after four years. Like, that's not very many people. And the biggest way you can impact a large numbers through social media. Everyone has a phone, computer, something. And so I'm like, if you would be a great resource for a young coach, like when I was coming up, like what I'd love to have that resource. Like the only thing we had was bodybuilding.com or like, T-nation or some form. And that would be basically it. But now it's like, in your pocket, you have access to all these coaches, all these different training methodologies, all that kind of stuff. So I started to post more of my athletes training, me training. And once I got over the, you know, the hump of what are people gonna think, what's gonna happen? Like, it's been very positive. Yeah, I mean, similar to me at seven years old sitting there watching the long horns on a softball diamond, there's no reason to say that someone's now on Instagram, seeing the workouts that you're doing, the way you're developing these college athletes, the way you're breeding, winning athletes. There's no reason to say, hey, I wanna get to UT and I wanna train with Zach, right? I think it's blown that opportunity. I think it's a huge recruiting tool. Yes. Like, we'll meet athletes to come in, either like transfers or freshmen and like I saw your videos. I do some of your ankle stuff that you post or some of your cool down or whatever basic lifts and like that's so cool to me that they kind of already know what we're about before stepping foot on campus. Yeah, and I would love to see the same happen with the athletic trainers, with the sports nutrition. All of that you guys are quote-unquote behind the scene, but kind of bringing you more to the forefront because you're the reason these athletes are able to do what they do. So I love all of it. Let's transition into topic two for today. So we're gonna define strength and conditioning because I feel like a lot of people really don't understand, you know, what that means? Yes, it's strength and conditioning, but we're gonna talk about CSCS specifically and then we're gonna talk about college versus life after. So we hear the word strength and conditioning consistently within a collegiate setting, but in the last few years, it's definitely leaked into the mainstream market. And that's not due to the fact that it's a concept by, you know, any means more so value than the value of certified strength and conditioning specialist is finally being realized by every day gym goal. So I think it has a lot to do with the emphasis of strength training, taking off for the general population, the science that's now being talked about, but it's likely the knowledge that you guys have had all along. It's just being discovered now. And I don't think people really even understand the difference between certified personal trainers and doctors at physical therapy and CSCS. So number one, let's just kind of start fresh and say, you know, can tell us about what a CSCS professional does and overview the job description itself, if you will. Just regarding collegiate professional or mainstream settings. Yeah, no, now to be working the NCA in most assume all professional organizations, you have to have your CSCS or CSCCA. And basically you need a college degree and then you have to pass, you know, a test, just like the ACT, the bar exam. It's the bar exam for strength coaches. I love it, friend it. So you pass that. And then from there, I tell people like our best, our job is basically we go by this quote all the time, like your best ability is availability. So, you know, when you think of strength and finishing everyone thinks of like, jump higher, run faster, all these like output metrics. But the thing is like if you aren't robust enough to handle, you know, the demands of play, like in your sport practice games, like it doesn't matter those, you know, metrics if you're on the bench, injured all the time with myself. So it's like how can we make the most robust athletes as possible? Walk us through the lifestyle of working with athletes coming in at 18 years old, progressing them over time within whichever sport they're there to pursue and excel at. I think this is the coolest part about the college realm is you get this 18 year old who's never been away from home. They're gonna be out on their own, making their own decisions, you know, away from mom and dad and seeing this like basically just the older child, you know, have to get used to making new habits, scheduling all that stuff and then seeing after four years, they turn in like a productive member of society, you know, like a functioning adult. And I think it's cool because you see these athletes, you know, the first day they show up and they're later on the right gear on or don't know what it's like to work, actually work hard. And then by the time they're done, they're the ones coaching the young athletes of like the standard and what's expected. So I think if you do a good job with training your athletes, like they should be your other set of coaches that are in the room, helping you know, give the same cues you see, know, and what to look for investing into, you know, their teammates in the program. Yeah, expand on that a little bit more because I think we, like you said, you touched on this, strength and conditioning and goes beyond just muscle and speed, right? We are developing these humans to become for lack of a better word functioning in a total, it's an end away, right? So talk about some maybe more of the additional characteristics that you're instilling in them once they walk through the doors of a weight room. These are big thing obviously we want them to be better athletes, but in order to do that, you need to have habits and systems in place. So we always talk about when you go to bed at night, your day, the next day should be planned out ahead of you. So you should know, what time you're waking up, what class you need to go to, what meals am I gonna eat during these times? Where am I gonna drink water? What's my time between classes? What time do I need to get to weights? What time do I need to allocate to treatment? Social time, whatever. So it's not like you wake up with your hair on fire. Like, I gotta get to this class, but then I have no idea what I'm eating and what time's practice? And so it's planning and setting up almost like a routine of how's this gonna make me the best athlete possible. So a collegiate athlete, they're most important time during the day's practice. So they need to be fueled for that, rested for that. And if you show up, under fueled, the hydrated, not rested, like the chances of you developing skill and practice to translate to the game is minimal. Yeah, and I mean, you need them kind of, as low stress as possible throughout the rest of the day. When they walk on the field, when they walk into the weight room, you need them dialed in, you need them relaxed, fed as you said are fueled, right? And well slept, absolutely. So all of these things are important, not only from a performance perspective, but just for them to be able to sustain the lifestyle of that college athletics requires. So right now, you're working with the Women's Basketball Team at UT, but you have a history with volleyball, golf, softball, et cetera. It's a tall ass to condense this within a few minutes, Zach. But can you begin to give us an understanding of your why and the how to your approach for each sport and why they're also uniquely different? So trying to just break open, yes, we don't train a golf athlete the same as a basketball athlete and then we're actually gonna walk through some of the sports once we nail that down. So the big thing that we train athletes like year round is health versus performance. So there's kind of this misconception about training, are you training to get someone more healthy or perform better? So how are you performing athletes aren't necessarily the healthiest athlete? So when you're at your most reactive fastness, all that kind of stuff, you probably don't feel that good as far as like everything's tight, that's lens itself to basketball. Like you need to be super tight and reactive, but you can't be like that all your round or you're gonna get injuries. So throughout the year, we kind of cycle through health phases, performance phases, health phase, performance phases, basketball is a change of direction sport. So at our gear, it's the hardest sport on the body, just because you're changing directions, at high speeds for an entire game, tire practice, and you're on a hardwood floor. And so like everyone thinks, you know, football is so hard on your body, but I mean, it's collisions. There's few positions that get hit more than others, but you know, you typical football plays 10 seconds and you got 30 to 40 second rest, then you do it again, basketball's nonstop all the time. And the nature of the sport is we train 48 out of the 52 weeks so it never really stops. Like, we'll have like a break off. Before the summer break after no Christmas break and it's like, you're a constant revolving door of stuff. So it's like, how do we balance, now getting performance metrics, but also keeping these athletes healthy? Waves of intensively. Exactly. And it's the same method that we preach just for Jen Pop as well. Everybody listen to this podcast, mostly I don't think we have too many collegiate athletes listening in just yet, but it's the same thing, right? And it's the same thing we preach on here almost every episode. If you're going through an extremely stressful time in your life, well, if you're not in collegiate athletes, you have that luxury to hate back off. Or I'm just gonna do some mobility, some stretching, we're gonna go to yoga instead of going into that hit class, things of that nature. Collegiate athletes similar to professional athletes, they're really is no off season. How do they have the professionals as yourself to navigate that? How are you dictating which athletes need what within your program? So I think this is a big one. And I'm gonna use myself as an example here for a second. This is not a good reflection of a great training conditioning coach, but I've had experience with not so great and then one to I would want to train with again right now, right? And one of those is Emily Shilling. She's with the, you know, she was without a doubt. She is the one who instilled the love for training the conditioning and just the love for weightlifting and really more so the behind the scenes efforts of athletics. So shout out to her, but I did at one point have one who would kind of copy and paste the programming for every single person. The bar was loaded up at the same way. Everybody was expected to lift that. Let's talk about, yeah, exactly. It was actually it was at the time the football. That's who I was training, who was training at the softball team. So my question for you is how are you dictating which athletes need what within your program and why is it really a case by case spaces, even though we're all training for the same sport, that each body is gonna be different. Yeah, so we'll come in as freshmen and everyone does this, honestly every couple months is really a sports science department and we'll go through every couple months and do a battery of test, movement test, different strength tests, a dexus, so your lean body mass, text, or test. And then from there we kind of build out what you need. So like if you're someone that's really high on the strength, like the force into things, probably don't need to keep hammering that. We probably need to work more speed, velocity base. If you're someone who's really fast, but super weak, you probably need to work more in that force continuum. And if you're just kind of somewhere in the middle, like a lot of these freshmen, like you need a little bit of everything. From there we force plate test them, so they'll jump through a kind of movement, jump on a force plate. And that kind of lets us know their loading strategy. So they load more through their knees, through their hips. Do they only bend their knee, a half an inch and jump through the roof, does it take them forever to get off the ground? And then from there we kind of put them into buckets of do they need more reactivity, do they need more strength, do they more speed, do they need more mobility? And then from there we custom tailor the program for what you need during that time of the year. So we'll get all these back. I'll go to coach and be like, hey, what do you expect from this player? How do you want them to play? Is that possible? How many minutes do you expect them to play? Is that possible? And then kind of give them a realistic idea of what we can do with each athlete. Like if you're a horrible athlete, there's only so much we can do. And also if you're a high end athlete, you know we just need to work on that health time the whole time you're there. And so we take all that into consideration, everyone has their tailor like NF1 program. Luckily we have enough metrics where we can compare you to players that play professionally. So like players that play professionally need this type of strength, this type of speed, this type of mobility in this area and how close or far away are you from that. And then from there we kind of build out a dashboard and go from there so it's just constantly testing, checking to see if we did work onto the next thing. It's the ongoing checks and balances and creating that balance within the player to because if we're on balance that's where we're sending ourself out for injury, right? So it's a really unique approach and where does rehab with injury when that does happen? Injuries happen. Sometimes there's a place for it, it's gonna happen, right? It's inevitably you can do all the pre-having, all the strength that work that you can possibly do, it's still gonna happen. Where does rehab with injury come into play? Let's use Rory's ACL, we're trying to play process for a perfect fitting example. Yeah, so ACL, we'll take care of for example, social, have surgery, I like to be involved in every aspect, so I like to be with the athletic trainers, PT's, doctors appointment, all that kind of stuff, so we're on the same page with everything, so we have a big group kind of chat where we can send all test results, what are you seeing, what am I seeing? And then it's basically in the first part of rehab, it's more PT heavy and less on my end, I guess, because you're pretty much limited in the early stages to upper body and the healthy leg. And then once it gets more towards where they can do more, it's more strength additioning, return to play than PT. And so I met every PT appointment and we kind of go through every day of, what they're doing is that painful, is that not painful, how do you respond from yesterday? Was it too much, not enough? And then from there, you know, silly build the building blocks so you need strength first, and once that gets in the equation, some power and then speed and then do that whole time, you're trying to build work capacity, so you're not fatigued in all those environments. But you know, we're constantly testing her to see, you know, what stage of rehab, she's at, where we can go. And she's been a trooper, like if you wanna come back from being hurt, another house, severe the injury is, like it's in everyday thing. It's not three days a week, two days a week, like it's every day, multiple times a day, if you actually wanna get back to, you know, better than you were before the injury. Yeah, I mean, it's the pit crew, bringing the car in and we have three, four people working on this individual to bring them back. It's a cooperative aspect. And the whole idea is like, have a cohesive unit, so everyone's speaking the same language to the athlete because what you don't want is the PT's saying, what I'm doing is wrong, or I'm saying the PT's doing and something wrong, if we only did it my way, we'd be this far ahead, like you can't have that, so it's gotta be the same language and kind of what direction we're steering the ship. Right, and setting that athlete up for the right expectations. If this person's saying, I think you'll be back in six, this person's eight, this person's four, you know, and just the mental, we just touch on this in our last episode that one's coming out very shortly, the mental health of these athletes as well is a huge, huge component that needs to be factored in, especially when they experience any type of injury, but especially when that requires a surgery, such as an ACL, it's the mind game, is it? I think that's the biggest piece, like your building back confidence and it's a traumatic injury, so your body when it gets hurt like that, like it's gonna be guarded because it doesn't wanna do that again. And then the biggest thing with rehab is the mental hurdles that you go through and the coping mechanisms, like I tore my Achilles, like a year and a half ago, and I'm washed up, I'm not coming back to play in the NBA or anything like that, but my whole identity is being active and during that eight weeks where I had to just sit on the couch, I was like, oh my God, like, questioning everything I've been doing and whatnot, and I'm like, if I feel like that is hopefully a emotionally equipped old guy, you know, what's an 18, 19, 20 year old doing, their whole identity is this sport, they wanna play at the next level, like what are they going through? So what things do we have in place for them as far as behavioral health, coaching to talk to about, you know, take it day by day, you know, be happy with your milestones and keep pushing. Well, can a support is given for them and I don't even more literal way, you know. So Texas, man, the resources there are incredible. So we have everything, obviously the best PT's doctors, all that kind of stuff you think of with a big institution, but we also have a big piece with behavioral health. So there's, you know, specialist to help with, like, performance anxiety or, you know, depression, like mental health thing is real, like we've never, when we were playing, like there wasn't really social media that was like, you know, Danielle went over four and she sucks and she's the worst softball player ever, you just like, had your bad game, there might be a little press clipping about it and then that's it. And now it's like if you have a bad game on a big stage, like people are constantly in the comments, talking, all this kind of stuff and I don't know about you, but if someone was criticizing me like that at this stage, it could be hard for me not to internalize it. And so it's not with these 20 year old sign up for is like to have, you know, Joe whatever comment that you suck and you should quit basketball forever. Well, it's like whenever the Olympics happen, it's like the guy seen on his couch eating chips, watching like the diving competition. Oh, yeah, that's it. You took her news more. Come on. You gotta do that. You're gonna fall off the couch. Exactly. But I mean, your your point is so extremely valued. I mean, I mean, at 1819, I didn't have the tools to cope with that. I mean, I did that was, gosh, that was over 15 years ago at this point. And the emotional security is that not there, the emotional maturity and they just shouldn't have to do. No, I mean, you feel like you're injured. So you're on an island. You're vulnerable. You can't practice. You're not in the game. You're like on the team, but like you're doing everything by yourself. And so it's like you go from this team, camaraderie, Robo Rao to like, you're on the sideline doing your PT drills. You're in the ice tub after practice. Like you're not playing in the games. Like it's a totally different scenario, especially someone who plays a ton. Like you're used to be the one out there, making the big plays and now you're just clapping on the bench. Like it's a, you know, I think a lot of athletes, it's tough not to just go internal and poor me, poor me. But some of the athletes, the way I see them respond, I'm just like that is so cool. Like she's taking the initiative. Like I can't play, but I'm gonna coach. So I'm gonna help these athletes with what they need to do. And that's, I mean, that's what you want right there. I mean, I love that you said that because they're, they're a divide definitely comes into play, even with that player and their teammates during that time. Of what they're physically able to do and what she or he may not be able to do. And that's where the bond really comes into place with the Shray thing in the Shinko Shia Athletic Trainers, et cetera. And they kind of just lean on them a little bit more during that time. But you said it perfectly, they do kind of become a coach in that way. They're now seeing things from a different perspective. They're able to help their teammates in a different way that doesn't involve them physically being in the game. So it's a unique outlook for sure. Let's dive into the specifics of some of these sports that can be applied to, even the folks at home. We're gonna go through basketball, volleyball, golf, tennis, self-well, other, anything else we want, and a wild car that we wanna throw in there. And I wanna break down what the straight looks like, what the condition of the aspect looks like. And then even the injury prevention looks like. So why don't you kick it off with basketball? Your hot spot. Yeah, basketball, I think the biggest thing is monitoring training load. So what happens usually is like, there's time periods in the NCAA. So in the offseason, you only get eight hours with your athletes. Two of them can be on the court. So you go from two hours and then in October, you go from two hours on the court to 20 hours, however you wanna use it. So you could use 20 on the court if you wanted. And the toughest thing is coaches have not worked with their athletes for a full practice for almost half a year. So what do they wanna do the first day? Like, let's get after it. Three hours, come on, we're need to get after it. And then it's like that spike in workload is kind of what makes your breaks people. So if you just like in any good strength and finishing program, you should periodize and start low and eventually add volume over time. And we're getting to the point with sport coaches to realize, hey, I know you really wanna get after them today. We can go two hours today, hour and a half tomorrow, three hours the next day and hour the next day, kind of this undulating model. And that's what helps athletes stay the safest. But as far as getting somebody ready for those demands, like there's no better way to get in shape for sport than playing the sport. And it seems common sense, but a lot of people, like the athletes aren't playing pick up to the same level that they should to be prepared for practice. And so it's my job to basically get them used to the demands of practice. And we have trackers that track the workload that they're doing in condition and workload in practice. So it's called catapult. They wear it in the sports bra. It's like between their shoulder blades. And it gives me accelerations, deselerations, how fast they do those accelerations and deselerations. Distance covered, we get pretty much every metric. So I can go through our week in the summer, and know like, hey, we need to get 20% of what a practice workload should be. Okay, today we need 50%. Okay, we need to back off and do 10. And so it's periodizing conditioning and getting them ready for the demands. So basketball is a lateral reactive sport. So a lot of the things we do or creating stiffness, your ability to break, accelerate, get them to be more efficient movers. Volleyball, you jump a ton. And so the running, like you're gonna run two or three steps. So the conditioning as far as running type of conditioning isn't really as heavily lean down as for basketball, but what we well do is a ton of pie metrics. And so with volleyball, you can kind of tease out by different positions. So like a middle, they basically stand there and go side to side and like a three foot box. And then an outside, it's more of like, they time up their shots every time. So it's a back pedal, they jump, spike the ball, back pedal rest. And so like their conditioning's gonna be kind of similar to that. A Liberos kind of like a basketball player. They gotta be lateral and reactive all over the place. So you kind of train those athletes a little bit differently depending on the position of the demands of their sport. Golf, funny enough, when we go through our health phase for basketball, we kind of train them a lot like golfers. So golfers rely heavily on rotation. So if you need a rotate efficiently, you can't be super stiff. And basketball players, they get super stiff so in order to make them healthier, we need them to rotate more. So golfer with rotation, you're kind of looking at everything from like the foot all the way up to the head of where's that missing link why they can't internally rotate their hip or finish through their swing and kind of go through there. So it's totally different the conditioning. We do a lot of like loaded carries and stuff because these guys have to carry their bag for such a long time. We'll do sprinting in small doses just because that'll help with overall speed, club head speed, all that kind of stuff. But a lot of stuff will do. If anyone knows what a Versa Climer is, it's kind of a miserable machine, it uses your whole body for cardio, but we'll do things where it's like, okay, you're gonna go 100 feet on the Versa Climer. Take 30 seconds, make a put. And so it kind of simulates, they're carrying their bag up a hill, their heart rates up, they have to get their heart rate down to sink a put. And so we can kind of play around with some of the things we do to kind of simulate their sport, which is creates a lot more by and for the athlete or sure. That can probably help with a little being tidy too. Absolutely. They're getting up there for that put. People are looking at them, all eyes are on them, and let's just develop the breath work that's developed the response needed to get that heart rate down. Very similar to a free throw. Who do you kind of that stuff? We'll do a sprint, gotta get your heart rate down, make a free throw. And it's tough to magnify what happens in a game because there's 10,000 people yelling at you. You got another person coming at you. And so if you can't calm down in a controlled situation, like what we do in strengthening the training, like you don't have a prayer out on the court. So we're trying to instill those skills as soon as possible. That's great. That's great. What about let's do tennis? Tennis. Tennis is actually super fun because the conditioning demands are crazy. So some of these matches are like three or four hours. And it's a change direction sport. I might say that might be the hardest sport on your body just because you're on, you know, concrete. But it's the best of both worlds. You need to be able to rotate, but also you need to be stiff and reactive. So with tennis players, it's honestly managing the load. So they're like pre-hab, rehab, recovery stuff is honestly more than the actual training. Just because these bouts and practices, like if you ever been to a tennis practice, like they're no joke. They run so many miles and it's stop-go, stop-go, stop-go. So it's all about keeping that body healthy. Let's run it out for softball, baseball, either way. So softballs kind of cool because every position's a little different. So I'll kind of compare them obviously. A, you know, pitcher is a rotation or a rotational athlete. Even with softball, like you're not rotating as much as a baseball pitcher, but there's rotation involved. So you're training them pretty similar to like a golfer. Running in softball, it's, you know, doubles and triples. Like people aren't doing that a whole bunch. Like trips. You can really concentrate on like power development. So softball, so my favorite sports to train because like you just get after it in the left. Like all of things you think about being awesome, lifting the weight around like that is softball. And the culture around softball, like you lift, like it is so fun to watch, you know, group of women, get together and like pushing each other like, let's go! So I love that. So pitchers are more rotational. Your metal and filters are kind of like basketball players have to be reactive. They usually your quicker type athletes. And then center field, or we're more like a sprinter. So you're going to have to track down those flyballs, all that kind of stuff. And then everyone needs to be able to rotate to hit. But all depends like are you a powerhead or you a slaphead or you all this kind of stuff. So everything, everyone always asks me like sports specific. It's more positioned specific within the sport. I love that. I can definitely test writing PRs on the weight room walls. Oh, it's so fun. It's the best. It's all about players with the best. I'm proud of you for sure. So it's that all these athletes graduate in your time ends with them. What's your advice for those who may seem a bit lost in terms of how they should work out for life after college? They're activity level significantly lower. Their goals are going to change. They probably likely aren't going to be eating as much. They shouldn't be eating as much as right. They're diet stuff, they're going to change. So walk us through that process. Walk us through the hand that you even play and helping those athletes make that transition as well. Yeah, so my just kind of backped a little bit. I couldn't be a strength in teaching coach. I wanted to be a teacher. So I loved to teach. And so my athletes always make fun of me because when we have the weight session, I explain the why behind everything. We're doing why is this movement important? Why is this rest period what we want? Why do you need to go heavy in this certain situation? And I think army them with that knowledge of the why behind everything. It creates a lot more buy-in. So I can either give them the why or they're going to find it off TikTok or their uncle or their old high school coach. And I'd rather come from me. And then we have a pretty open environment. So if any of these athletes have questions, like why am I back squatting? She's split squatting. We can explain, you know, this is what helps for your body type and your position and XYZ. And so the goal is to educate them to this whole time so they can write up their own programs or know what lifts work best for them and more importantly, which ones don't. And so they're armed to kind of like with this knowledge that they could put together, you know, intelligently designed for the most part, you know, weightlifting programs. From there, we know we've hearted on nutritional habits through their whole time. So we kind of correlate it to, you know, if you have a big day that's practice, you know, it's going to be three hours long and you have weights like you're going to need more gas and your gas tank. If we have a recovery day where it's yoga in the morning and you have the whole day off, like you probably don't need to eat like you're practicing for three or four hours. And so it's kind of correlating that of like your activity level needs to be correlated with your fuel level. And then food choices like we're always steering them to like whole food diet. So we go to it's called the tank more the athletes eat and we go there. I'm with them launch pretty much every day and we go through you make your plate of what protein do you want, what carb do you want, what vegetable, okay, we have practice today, maybe pick two carbs. We're not practicing today, let's get more veggies and more protein. And so they can kind of build their plate along with their activity level and then I like to correlate with you ate the great meal today, how'd you feel after? I've had energy wasn't tired. And then sometimes I'll pick whatever you want and they'll make bad choice. So how'd you feel for like yo, I need a nap on tired. And you're like, okay, that correlates, right? So if you want to feel good, if you want to feel crappy, eat crappy. And so kind of that advice goes well beyond calm. And like I always joke like, you know, like you need to educate these athletes on what to eat and I was like, if I gave it, we're on a hundred bucks to make a great plate deet for lunch. I'd say 99% of people know the right choices. It's like your ability to choose what's right for you or are you gonna give into the cake looks good. The burger looks good, the french fries look good. Like about short term, pleasure dopamine hit. Yeah, is that worth you feeling like crap or not performing at practice? And so like when our athletes are having bad practices, I'll kind of be like, what'd you have before this? And you know, like, oh, I didn't have anything or it's like I took fulla breakfast in a Coke and you're like, and you feel like garbage. We've seen, you're like, sprinter right now. Yeah, it's like how to correlate with that. And then we like to, like in the summer, we have an optional day every week and we'll bring in like a yoga person, go to Pilates, go do an orange, theory, class, go swimming, go mountain biking, and they can kind of see like, oh, I really like yoga. Maybe that's something I want to do next or I hate writing the bike. Like that's not something I want to do. So it's kind of giving them experiences of like different ways to train. And then when they leave, I always tell them, especially when they're on breaks from us, like they're going home for two weeks after next week. And I'll give them a workout plan and then between that I'm like, and then if you want to do something else, do it like you want to do a yoga class with your mom, do that if you want to go for a long walk with your grandma, do that like I don't care. Like it's your time to pick the other 48 weeks like I'm choosing. So the lessons you guys are teaching them on campus can then become intuitive decisions that they feel equipped to make once they step off campus. Like you said, even if it's just for two weeks, if it's for summer recess or break, and then beyond once they graduate. So it's just fantastic and it's so impressive how you guys are taking that approach. Yeah, I just wanted to be kind of a system. Like even our athletes that go train pro, like they can be someone to tell their new strength coach. Like here's what I'm used to here. The movement set agree with me. Here's the ones that don't. And then kind of take control of their own career because they're in the day like their body is their vessel to make money at the next level. And if they're not training it the right way that needs to be done, like it can make or break you. Yeah, well they're getting this experience now. The next person has their work cut out. So let's move into the final topic for today. And this is gonna be specifically around women's basketball. So we're in an electric air for women's basketball. It's exciting to see from Caitlin Clark to Angel Race to your very own up and coming stars like Rory Harmon or Madison Booker. These players are getting the views needed to put the sport on a long overdue spotlight. Tell us your thoughts in the recent explosiveness, the headlines around women's basketball. They take excitement in the fandom that we're seeing just break it down. I think it's awesome. Like if you look back 10 years ago, there was maybe one women's game on ESPN per month. It'd be like a UCon versus Tennessee and that'd be the only game you would see. And I always tell people like go to one game. And after that, if you never wanna come to a game, cool, but like go to one game. And so I've a bunch of friends on here. And they'll come for one game to support me. And then the next thing like yo, can I come to you have any more tickets? And like, now, yeah, like I have a bunch of friends, like males and females between 25 and 40 that are like huge women's basketball fans. Like that's all my friends talk about now. It's like the matchups, the NCAA tournament. What were crutes are we getting? Like who needs to play better next year? Who's like all this stuff? And that just wasn't a thing before. Like my friends joke, like they all watched the national championship game and nobody watched the men's one. Which and like what era has that ever been a thing? And I think it's the more notoriety and exposure. Like people see like there's some dang good athletes that play women's basketball at the collegiate level. And it's a fun sport to watch. What was that pivotal moment? Do you remember there'd be any specific point in time? Maybe it was a game, maybe it was media coverage. Maybe it was broadcast over the last decade or so and working directly with women's basketball. Was there a moment that you just said, wow, people are really starting to get it? I think honestly during COVID, so nobody was doing anything and you're at home and the women's and say tournaments on. And you're like, there's nothing else to watch. Like I guess I'll watch this. And there was so many good matchups, so many good players at that time and I think it just like took off from there and some of these athletes like building their brand bigger than basketball. And then like the whole like pagebackers, Caitlin Clark, like all these players coming in and being in the media spotlight. And you know, you never seen players like that before. Playing so dynamic and so skilled. And it's just a fun brand of basketball to watch. Like you can't. There's always the comparison of like men's versus women's basketball. That's like it's two totally different sports. Like if the men's game was played on a 12 foot goal and they couldn't dunk like nobody would watch it. You know what I mean? Right. But now you have, you know, these athletes that are arguably, I'd say more skilled than some of the men's players as far as shooting, dribbling, passing. Like it's a fun brand of basketball. Talk about NIL. Tell us what NIL means. Tell us the impact we're seeing. I mean, this is new. This is two, three years old at this point. So it's, it's an, it's infancy stages. So tell us what that means. Educate people at home about it. It tells what this means not only for athletes, but for you as well. So NIL is name, image and likeness. And so before in the NCAA, if you want to be a collegiate athlete, you couldn't accept any money from anybody. We went from a dollar. You couldn't get a free meal. Nothing. So you got your scholarship. You're gear from the school. Thanks for playing. And now with name, image and likeness, you can get sponsorships. You can be on commercials. You can get brand deals. There's collectives at schools to pay athletes to come in and exchange for a speaking engagement or various other things they've gotten creative with. But right now, it's kind of the wild wild west of things. And that makes with the transfer portal. It used to be if you wanted to transfer to sit out for a year. And now if you transfer, you can play it right away. So it's kind of turning into a situation. And it's also not very well regulated. Turning into a situation where like every year's free agencies. So it used to be, you recruited kids to your school from high school. They'd be on your team. Most of them would not transfer. And then you'd recruit a new batch of freshmen to come in. And now we're not only having to recruit new batch as a freshman. We're having to recruit transfers. And we're having to recruit our kids to stay at our university. And so that usually wasn't a thing. So it's like the money equation, the what is they made an image and likeness technically. And it's just not very well regulated. So different states have different rules, different colleges have, there's no salary cap. So it's now definitely in its infancy stage of what's going on. But I'd argue that it's no longer like amateur athletics. Like this is professional athletics. What's your personal opinion on it? I think better regulated. I think it'll be a good situation. I do think it's great that these athletes can make money off their name, image and likeness. Like before if your jersey was in the gift shop and somebody bought it, you got $0 from it. And you hear these stories of like Johnny Manzel, it texts a Sam and it's like him going there and the amount of buzz he brought to that school with jersey sales, tickets, new facilities, coaches getting paid more media contracts. And the athlete gets, hey, you get a free education. Like I don't think that's necessarily fair. So I think once they get like a better grasp of things, I think it's a great thing for the student athlete. All right, Zack, to round it, I have two questions for you. The one is tell us about your favorite memory as a CSES coach in the collegiate setting. And number two, give us some advice for any aspiring college athlete wanting to play in that setting. I think my favorite moment, probably during our COVID year, we had our brand new coach. And during that time, if anyone was in college athletics, it was miserable. Like you couldn't bond with your team because you had to be six feet away, get a max masks on. Their reeness had nobody in them. The team we had at the time was no offense. Then you know the athletes, like we weren't a very good team. And from the first day of practice, I'm like this is gonna be a rough year. Like we're gonna finish middle of our conference, hopefully make it to the NCAA tournament. And that team through teamwork, grit, all that kind of stuff made it to the elite eight, which was like far beyond anybody's expectations through one of the last 18 standing. And to kind of see that group, our point guard at the time, to transferred and she had three ACLs in her college career, never made it to the NCAA tournament and to see her, like, when that game to go to the elite eight. And it's just, there's nothing better than to see those athletes to look on their face when they recognize like all the hard work they've done has paid off. And I mean, as a coach, like that's what you want. Like that's why people cry when they win big games because they see like all the early mornings, all the late nights, all the little decisions that they had to make and choose excellence over having fun. And like to have that all culminate on one night as so special. Yeah, the thousands of hours that led up to just that one moment is definitely special. And then tell us about your one piece of advice for aspiring college athletes. I'd say like get ready to work. And I think so many high school athletes, especially when we get them, like you're the best player in the state, maybe in the country. And you might not necessarily have been coached hard in high school. Cause if you're the best player in the nation, probably the other 10 people on your team needed way more coaching and feedback than you did. And just going to practice is not enough. Like that's a requirement to be on the team. And if you really want to be excellent, like you need to come in before practice, after practice weekends, off days, like get used to that when you're in high school, like start out small, like 20 minutes after practice, shoot a bunch of free throws. You know, the next day coming early in the morning and work on your ball handling, like work on dialing in those little habits, they're going to separate you from everybody else. Like there's no secret, the greats are who they are. Like is there one single Kobe story where it's like, yeah, Kobe showed up right before practice. And the roundman is over, he left. And then he was partying on weekend and he didn't come to the gym. Like, no, it's like all the stories are he came in and early, he stayed late. Like he had this intense focus about him. And if you really want to be great, like that's what you're going to have to sacrifice. Is that one more for you, I lied? What's the impact you hope to have on the athletes that you're looking with? My biggest thing is like to instill this like work ethic that these athletes no matter what career occupation they choose, like if they just outwork, they use those same skills that they learned, you know, in the weight room on the court, they can do whatever they want in the world. And if you're just willing to, when you feel like quitting to keep going, like that's when most people quit. Like when you feel like quitting, that's when 99% of people feel like quitting. So if you just go through that point and then break through that barrier, like there's nothing in this world you can accomplish. Love it. Zach, thanks so much for stopping by today. Tell the audience how they can fall along on the rest of your journey. Yeah, I'd say my biggest way to get a hold of me is Instagram, so it's ZACK, underscore, Z-I-L-L-N-E-R. I'm most active on Instagram. I have a Twitter, but Twitter's just all negativity these days. So find me on Instagram and yeah, shoot me, DMF, you have a question or want to make it to a game. Thanks for coming in, my pastor Austin Texas. Absolutely, thanks for having me. Thanks for tuning in to another episode here at Bodybuilding.com. Stay tuned for more stories along the way.