I'm not interested in today's bodybuilders. It's too much. A classic for ZX. I don't know what's in there. Dave Draper, Ranko, Colombo. That's what I want to look like. But maybe just a little bit better. I'm calmed down for a little bit. So this workout I used the last five weeks leading up to the Miss Universe. I competed in the LVC and it's great for basically hyper-chry, getting ripped and ready for a show. Basically the workout consists of five exercises, starting on dumbbell flies, pre-exorse chest, after that dumbbell incline bench press followed by dips followed by flat bench press and lastly cable flies. The A with this workout is quite intensity. It shouldn't go any longer than 20 minutes. So you end, get it done, get out. Start a go for your dumbbell flies. Do two sets, that's 12 to 15 repetitions. So a little light weight, the A-mins, to basically pre-pricete the chest for the rest of the workout to follow. Following each set, the rest for at least 30 seconds to a minute. So with this one, you want to use strict form, full range of motion, nice stretch right at the bottom and the squeeze of the top. Consistent tempo, nothing crazy, you're just trying to warm up the muscles. So for the dumbbell incline press we did three sets. These ones are a bit high intensity. You want to use reps ranging between eight to twelve reps. The rest time is about a minute. So do one sort of warm-up set followed by two heavy sets. It's always full range of motion, don't say yourself short, get right down there and full squeeze of the top. So full contractions. For the dips, these are essential for our basically building an overall square chest. I think they are very overlooked, the highly recommended them. Basically you want to be doing three sets. You can manage 10 to 10 if you do 20 to 20. The main thing is, is you only rest 30 seconds max between each set. So you want to keep them from keeping up the takes and working with the fire. So when you get up to the barbell bench press, by this time you should be well and surely warmed up. So you don't really have to worry about a warm-up set so much. So you do three sets reps ranging between 15 to five. Today I did a high set of the start followed by a medium set about ten reps. I maxed down three reps to the very end. So at the very end of the workout we do the cable flies. Just do it completely, flood your muscles with our blood. Get a good pump, two sets, we do about 20 reps on each month. So not heavy, you just the aim is to just pump them up. 20 reps each set resting about a minute max between each set. Strict form, you want to go full range of motion, squeeze it, hold it for a second at the bottom, and then slowly let it go back up to the top. So that's it for this chest workout. The full article is broken down on the page on bodybuilding.com. Go check it out. For more articles, videos and content like this, keep coming back to bodybuilding.com.