Hello, I'm Carl Roberts. I'm Marine and winner of the Military Transformation Challenge by the NACMOM. Growing up, I was always running here in high school. Based on my graduate, I graduated from the United States. It was always pressure. It was always been small. I tried out the football and I prayed. You know, stayed on the team for about a month. Well, it wasn't. Growing up, it wasn't never really a big concern in mind. I just went to school, I had fun. You know, it didn't really bother me. I just did whatever I had to do. And you know, it wasn't about it. It didn't really come a pressure until I was in the Marine Corps. And it recorres a big thing to stand active and stand in shape. That's when we came up big part of my life to try to get more active, try to put on masks from like that. I got the station in open-out with Japan. Once I got an open-out with Japan, you know, just being a new fresh out of school, try to find out where I was, I said in, I just went out for boxing. I did that with the coach for about a year. After that, I would say, probably towards that my last year. I was a junior deployment. I started transitioning from daily boxing to a base of the weight training. I had a roommate. And a couple of guys that I stayed with that, for a big, you know, a gym rat. At first I was going with them and that base, like I had no knowledge of what I was going to do. This is the one I was going to try to put in the heaviest way that I could live. Going there and pushing out for your time, going to another machine. But basically they would give me the basis. And the guy lines like, these are the compound movements, which is supposed to do overtime. I was just doing them on. So it became just a daily routine in my life. I would go to work, go to the cafeteria, you go to a prep child. And gym. And that was just basically every day I was at the gym. I just kept that same routine. I came back to state side. I would go to work and then child and gym. Once I transferred to reserves, I was activated and deployed to Afghanistan for a year. Once I came back from that deployment, I basically transitioned out of the Marine Corps. And I swear to God, again, I stayed at press. It was a hard time for me to accept. Once I got out of the military. It was a big car on up there. So all I had knew, and I stopped working out. I was just sitting home, hanging out, and basically I just got out of the real bad shape. So it took me just to take a look at myself and to like, man, I really can get back to the gym. I just kicked myself in the butt and got right back into the gym. Basically I was on the internet one day, just googling. And obviously I was looking at some military stuff. I came across military transformation challenge. I'm by the building that calm. So I figured, you know, why not choose this as a beginning to get myself back in the States? So it gave me a goal, three, four, something motivated me. I'm a type of person. Someone tells me that I'm not going to be able to do something. That's what motivated me more to try to do it anyways. But once I set my mind on something, and anybody can attend to that special repairs, I'm a stubborn person, so I'm going to try it out. You don't try it out from my cell here. So me having that goal to reach four, I'm going to do whatever I can to reach that goal. So that's basically how to happen. Just search around the internet, I came across it and did. And it's just like that. Everyone's body is different. So what will work for me without work for another person? Like, I don't switch to an anger. I've been 18. I would look at his workout. I tried to do his workout, I spent a little like him. And my body structure is not like his body structure. So basically what I would do is I would work out like the log of what I would do. And if it, you know, hot film after that workout or the day after, I feel good about it and I keep it. If I didn't, I just toss it out. So basically I got to get a feel of what work for you. What's trending, I constantly try to switch up my training. Try to keep my most confused. Everybody, every two to three weeks, I try to incorporate some new. Whether it be weight training, I change up the reps, I change up the sets. I basically try to keep the class and change my work. I'm changing here. When I first started, I would do basic bodybuilding routines. I would do bench press, ink, and deep line, and things like that. Now over time, I transitioned into incorporating more resistance. But I would put the resisted bands on my bench press or just don't want more superstitions. Dropsets, negatives. Like I said, I can't switch up the routine. I don't want to do the same thing every day and every week. So I try to keep it class, keep it switching to set. If it would be a proper fit one day, that stuff like that, I try to keep it constant. Change my training. I try to keep my reps and set it based off my goals. So if I'm trying to build mass, I obviously have to increase the weight. Drop the reps and increase the sets. I try to do nothing less than eight reps. That's trying to keep the split. It's like a three-day split or four-day split. Right now, I keep my split and three days, which is usually chest shoulder and trice. Back and body, then legs on one another day. And then I throw up the abs, no. Within three of those days as well. Photos three days split, I keep most of my training bases. Just free weights, the basic squat, bench press, military press, deadlift, main, corporate machines. So I keep it basically bodybuilding, bodybuilding style, weight training. And then those, the extra, like a Saturday, just not do it. Something like a high intensity training, crossfit, stuff like that. Now cardio, it varies. Some time I make the cardio in the morning. I try to keep, when I do cardio, I try to keep a good break in between it. If I do cardio in the morning, I'll give myself a four-hour break before I do weight training. I don't really need too much cardio. So I just live in my part of about 15-20 minutes a day. Now rest days, basically try to stay away from the gym or rest days. I just refuel my body from all the feasts I gave it throughout the week. Just try to stay away from the gym, I don't do any cardio, any of that, just strictly rest day. My motivation for weight training is just, it's like the feeling that it's been there in the gym. Just going out there and taking out the stress of the day, just going to gym is going all out in the weights. I get the natural high while I'm working out. Just being dedicated, so even though I met the sacrifice going out at night, it was really nice one day of the week. It's just basically keeping that mindset, it's damn mode of motivation. Nutrition is the main thing. The most important part, you don't really grow in a gym, you grow in a gym. So my most important part of my course work at a meal. I base my diet off of what my goals are. So whether it be leany, leany, mass or just maintaining what I already have, I stick with hopefuls, hopefuls, and fit a big part. In my transformation, over doing research and reading, I've learned that hopefuls are more beneficial to everybody. So most of my proteins come from lean meats, my carbs, my crunch, rice, red cereal, and then I keep my fats with almonds, peanut butter, almond butter, and things like that. I incorporate a whole lot of veggies in my diet, fruits, I keep to a minimum, base I use those for F-my dessert at the end of the day. The try to switch up the meals every week or something like that, just to suck a little bit different. Instead of just baking it, some of the time I just cook it in a crack, I just base to try to switch up the hot prepared and just go for an air. With seasonings, I try to stick to two to three seasonings, salt pepper, maybe seasonings, salt, hot sauce, does play, I love hot sauce on all my food. I don't try to incorporate a lot of ingredients. I try to keep it to a minimum, so I can know what I'm putting my body. I stick to six to eight meals a day depending on how much I'm going to schedule. Play's out, what I start eating, I'm practicing about six, thirty-seven in a morning, and I try to eat every two and a half of the three hours. I want to restaurants a big part of keeping track of what I'm assuming is an app, as far as calorie counter. Base and you can basically, as a bar core, you can scan something that's pretty different in store, or if you go to the store, you can type in the restaurant, and then pull up all the items that they have in it menu, and you can see what the company carries is in there, I'm in the car, so things like that. So I can still keep myself from my nutritional look. Cheat meals, I do love my Cheat meals. I go to my mom, she has the soul food, come back from church having a big day. So I look forward to those Sunday fees, where the fries, macaroni, fried chicken, stuff like that. So I still consume those meals, but it's keeping me to a minimum. I'm hitting all my goals, or if I'm prepared for something, not me, limit my Cheat meals to once every 14 days, or something like that. But I get at least give myself one Cheat meal based on the reward for the artwork that I've got throughout the week. I pick myself based off what I need in my daily diet, to reach my fitness goals. The most of my supplements are basically what I'm not able to get to do out just consuming daily foods and natural foods. Usually I stay with protein, creatine, multiple vitamins, healthy fats, like fish oil, postwork out, food, and things like that. I started out not being very knowledgeable about what I was taking. I would buy something and take it thinking it was going to do the work for me. Over time I've learned to read up on the supplements, I do a lot of research. I go on the internet, read reviews, look up the ingredients. The main thing is basically what's in the supplements. A lot of supplements have a lot of junk in my builders. So based on look at what the supplement does as well as what's in the supplement. When I wake up the first thing that I do take when I wake up at RMIBCA, I think my most vitamins also consume protein shake in the morning. Sometimes in place of breakfast before I work out, I take my pre-work out. Don't take a pre-work out that often. I try to cycle that. Most of that stick with the black coffee and some BTAs before I work out. Take the creatine, I was before and after I work out. I take my protein and mix it with the peanut butter, oatmeal, sometimes with those some berries in there. Just a different field. You give it a different taste that it's having to say. You know, playing protein shake. So I like to throw different things in there to increase the playground. Everybody's body reacts different. Different supplements. So once again, what works for me was actually working on the first thing. So I basically tell everyone what's up. With protein, creatine, multiple vitamins, based on the most important start-off. I would never go back. You never say, this has been a big part of my life. Even my job now, and I'm a first trainer at the gym. So I try to keep the gym as a big part of my life. Period. I feel that my goal here is just to be helped and motivate others. You know, like myself. It wasn't for other people out there. For me to look up to, I probably will be where I'm at today. So if anyone has any questions or any information, I'll even visit my body space at C.R.R.V. Jr. or on Twitter at Let me Skope Jew and Superman as well. For more videos, content, keep coming to Body Booter.com. Thank you.