You're working with somebody who not only has a background in bodybuilding and a background in training and a background in athletics, but you're working with somebody who has a mind set of an athlete and is ready to execute it from the mini walks in the door to the mini walks out of the door. My name is Gunner Peterskin, I'm a personal trainer. I've been a Los Angeles for 22 years and anybody in everybody. The people that I'm lucky enough to work with work hard, they bring intensity to it. It's not an accident that they're at the top of the food chain. At the end of the day, these people are putting in the hours they are putting in the work and their diligent and their relentless and they're unyielding and they will not be denied and that's why they are. They are. This is one of the few things in life that's completely fair. Meaning, whatever you give it, if you do give it all of that, you will get all that back. I think I have the best job in the world. I like watching people get it. I like watching people catch that same jazz that I call it years ago as a fat kid realizing well, I can change how I look, which changes how I feel, which changes how I carry myself, which changes how other CV, which changes how I see myself and it all connects. It really does connect. For me, everything that goes on here, for me, helps me do everything outside of here. That much better. And I always tell people, if you can take this and the strength, you know, little and figurative that you gain in here and let it loose on the outside world, you can do whatever you want. You can do whatever you want. If I weren't with my kids, this is the only place I'd rather be in really. I've been working with Slype on and off for eight years and seen a lot of different metamorphoses of the physique and the one thing that's consistent is the intensity of the work and the consistency of the work, the variety of exercises, meaning it's constantly changing. Based on my design, his interpretation of it, we go through a number of different things every single time he's in here and I'll tell you that there's nobody who puts it down as hard as he does. So I'll have him do or he'll do a gorilla pull-up where he talks at the top, but then we'll add a plyometric component to the upper body. So it's when you catch him with these turmen. So he's going to get the pull plus the tuck. I want it to fly it. I want it ballistic. I want it release catch. That's not all I mean. So what it would look like is, it's not just a standard pull and it's not just a standard pull, gorilla pull with a tuck. It would look like that with a catch release, but then it's having repeated. So he's going up. So for your joints, when you're strong enough when you're comfortable enough with it, that when you feel what it does for you, you've got to train the movement, you've got to train the joint and you've got to train the muscle. You know, flies more than the guys who doesn't come in for a movie. He's a year-round guy. He's a 50-week-see-year guy. And there's also saying in my opinion it's maintenance, but we're training constantly striving if that are constantly pushing the limits and pulling back when there's a reason to pull back, whether it's injury, and the guy's been through. I mean, because he does so many of his own stunts, he's been through every injury from torn calf, broken toe, jacked up from, I don't know if Jack up's the medical term for, but you'll see him the expendable. He has something on his thumb that's actually due to a real-life injury that became part of the character because of the injury. The guy's about as close to bionic as you'll find out there. You have to take into consideration the cost of what's you wearing in this movie. Is this a shirt off scene? Is this a shirt off movie? Is this a straight-up Tommy Tanktop? Or is this going to be more buttoned down suits with the occasional forearm flashing? And then depending on if he's training on the day of XYZ scene, you work around that too. He's not afraid to take chances outside of the gym. That's somebody who had no problem eating canton and drinking water for two weeks straight. If that's what it takes. And that's why people think, well, he's only training three to five to seven hours a week how come I can't get there? Because if there's 160 hours in a week, pick away seven, what are you doing for the other hundred? What are you doing for the other hundred and sixty-one? So I will make the right choice of 10 times out of 10 outside of here. He understands his body, he knows what he can't do. He knows when to pull back and he'll come in and say today, you know, we got to watch this, you know, the traps of the will tight this will jack up so we'll be able to learn. Over the years of our training, the workouts go anywhere from my hour to two hours. This is not a guy who comes in, works out and then goes out and sits in the sun. When he writes, he has kids, his wife is a family. I've heard this from him and I know it to be true. What keeps him coming back is that he knows without the gym, he wouldn't be where he is. Had he not found a gym, he never would have found his path to cinematic great. There's just no way and he will tell you that. I think the shape you're going to see is lying. Pretty expendable is going to blow you away. I think he's going to raise the bar, the fact that he's not 28, he's not 38. He's not even 48. If you could put him up there again, send anybody. You can send anybody. And let's not forget that Rocky won the Oscar for Best Picture in 1976. This movie is something that he's passionate about, that, you know, he's all in on this. The people who are in it do represent action, physique, over a number of years. They cover a lot of different demographics. I mean, I've seen the trailer for it. I've seen parts of the film. And it's exciting. I'm fired up to go. I'm ready. I will get the powerful with no butter. The movie comes out August 13. And I will be there with a pack of friends. That's for sure. I hope you guys do watch the explain holes. I think you're going to be happy with it. And I certainly don't have to feel Sliding Keep working out because you know he's going to. I'm going to Peterson. I'm going to watch the explain holes. You should too. In fact, I may go right now. I'm going to be there with a pack of friends.