My name is Chassidy Smothers. I am the 2014 Bodybuilding.com BodySpace Books Model winner. I am a MPC Bodybuilding Champion. I am a US Army Soldier and I am a wife. So my mom was a young mother. She had me at 18. She worked a lot to take care of us, but she was present as much as she could. I was a basketball player. I played basketball from seven all the way until I graduated high school. And she was at every single game, no matter what. If she had to ask the people if you ride the bus too, she was there. There's no greater person. 23 years I lived in Sacramento and I always wanted to leave. See what else was out there. But I felt kind of chained to home. I didn't want to leave. So joining the Army was kind of an excuse to see the world. I was immediately shipped overseas when I joined. So my first experience in the Army was living in South Korea for two years. We got up every morning as a company and five-thirty we were running. When I was in basic training we had three minutes to eat, you know, or you didn't eat. You know, you couldn't eat sweets at all. You know, we went, you know, 13 weeks without sweets. Everything that I had experienced, you know, the three years that I was in the military prior to competing, you know, just kind of rolled on to the competition lifestyle. I never really had my dream body, but my husband actually entered into his first men's physique. Bodybuilding contest and one of the things I thought was, you know, I couldn't be insecure in who I am. Going to this bodybuilding show where there's going to be amazing women walking around. You know, I need to be secure with who I am so I can support him, you know, ultimately. And that's really where it started. And then he went on to win bodybuilding shows and so I was like, let me try this. And so then I started competing and that's really how it all began. I put everything I had into gearing up for my very first competition, which was July of last year. And I placed eighth. It was an extreme, extreme let down. Like, I really, I put everything into it and I really wanted to win, but it kind of was the fire really helped me start succeeding because I learned to just not give up. And if you fail a million times, you got to keep going. So my second bodybuilding show was two months later and I ended up winning overall. So it was a quite an experience. My bar view as far as training goes is I like to focus on, you know, where I actually need improvement and then everything else secondary. I lift weights six days a week and I do cardio six days a week and I take a rest day. I like to feel every single rep. And as far as lower body because my lower body is a little bit bigger, I like to keep my weights lighter and I like to do more reps. So more on the 20 and 25 range. What most women go through is, you know, the, I think that I'm going to get huge. If I lift heavy weights, so that was totally an extreme shock for me when I just started going heavy and my body started altering in, in a facet that I wanted it to, you know, alter. Monday, I typically do heavy leg day with a glue focus. Tuesday, I normally do an upper body day. I like to mix, you know, my upper body all together. Wednesday will be the glue plyometriate stay, so I'll do pretty much any glue exercise that I can find. Thursday, I will go back to upper body and I'll do, I'll touch the parts of my body that I didn't touch on the prior upper body day. The fifth day again is legs and then they six, I do, you know, whatever I feel like I didn't get to hit hard enough or if I feel like I had a really good week where I'm tired or exhausted, I'll do maybe an hour of cardio. I'm definitely not anti-cardio. I like to run, but I have troubles with my knees so I run as much as I can. Then I'll get on the elliptical. I'm anti-ster master though. I'm anti-added. It's the devil. I don't do the star master. Sometimes I like to do like sprints in interval training and then other times steady state. And I like to do steady state more for the mental aspect where I can just like zone out and you know think about my goals and stuff like that. I feel like there's so many different ways to approach nutrition that there isn't a right way. My nutrition, regimen changes all the time. But right now I am high protein, low carbs, vegetables to fill it in. That's pretty much where it's at. Two-mill a week. If it's not hot sauce, it's mustard on absolutely everything. MISSES dashes, seasonings is what really helps me out. There's no sodium and MISSES dashes season and it gives some flavor to your meats and pretty much everything you want to put it on. So I've actually only been doing this for exactly a year. I have done three competitions in the year and when I'm not competing, 80-20 is a good ratio. It's a good goal. It's not always 80-20. When I am doing an 80-20 diet, I will have maybe three to four cheap meals during the week as opposed to when I'm on prep when it's only one to none. But I'm big on feeding my taste buds. I don't really like to deprive myself because it misses with you mentally. I would never tell somebody to eat something that they don't like because it could be discouraging. You won't want to continue to eat clean because you are forcing food down your mouth. Draw out a plan and I stick to the plan a matter of what. As a woman, you might eat the same things over and over one day. You wake up and you feel extremely skinny. The next day you're like, oh my gosh, my thunder thighs. You really have to trust the process when you start doubting yourself again. It goes back to remembering why you're starting and your goals and where you're going. Again, cheap meals, they help. They help. You know satisfying taste buds or sprinkle cheese on there. Not every time, but sometimes you just have to satisfy your taste buds so you get out of your own way. I think it's important that people know not to depend just on supplementation. Work out and your nutrition is the biggest part of transforming yourself. So supplements are just the added bonus to just get, you know, that little extra in there, that little put you over the meal. My glutamine I do put in water as well as the BCA is. My protein it depends on how I feel that day. If I'm in a hurry, then I will shake it up with water and drink it if I'm at home. For a little while longer, I love to put it on ice and have my milkshake or whatnot. Social media actually is, you know, a great tool. You can see what other people use. And I like to look at what they use and, you know, see if it's something that might benefit me as well. Definitely buyable.com, they send these sample packets in all of their orders. So that is a great way for me to try things to do. I absolutely want to be up service to as many people as I possibly can. I want to reach out to everybody who feels like they can't and show them that, you know, I didn't and I'm nobody. I'm nobody. If I can do it, anybody can do it. So I definitely want to use this title to just reach as many people and be up service, help as many people as possible. If I can fail a million times and be an example for my failures, you know, that's what I want to do. So if anybody has any questions for me, they can find me on my body space, chest, medical. And for more videos and content like this, keep coming back to www.bubble.com. Thank you.