Hey my name is Derek Sharlaboy and I'm here at BodyBoolin.com and today we're going to feel my hardcore chess workout. I'm a representative bodybuilder. I have the bachelor's degree in exercise science and I'm also a certified personal trainer. Now today's workout we're going to focus on building up your strength and size in your stubborn chest. Today's workout is going to consist of bench press, reverse band bench press, incline double press and then we're going to move our vertu to the decline hammer strength press and we're going to attach some bands to that. Now this workout consists of some advanced techniques using resistance band. Resistance bands offer a different stimulus for hypertrophy and strength than the traditional freeweight exercises. Now for today's workout you're going to need two different types of resistance bands. The first one is going to be a little bit thicker. This is for the reverse band bench press. Because when reverse band bench press is a heavier exercise you're going to need the band that offers more resistance. The second type of band is going to be a little bit thinner. It offers less resistance and this is what we're going to use to the decline hammer strength press. You can get both of the bands you need for today's workout here by clicking the link below. The first exercise in today's workout is a standard bench press. Today we're going to be doing seven sets of three reps. Now today we're going to start with the lighter weight and add 20 pounds to each set, building up to our max weight for three reps. We're going to be resting two minutes between each set. Resting two minutes between each set will allow some maximize recovery and strength and allow us to lift the most weight possible for each set. First set I'm going to do is a warm-up set. A warm set prepares your body for the heavier weights you're going to lift. Now this first warm-up set is not count towards my seven heavy sets of three reps. For bench press today we're going to be doing it in the power rack. Now the power rack is good because there are safety bars which allow you to do the bench press safely without a spotter. It's always best to have a spotter but if you don't you can perform the bench press in the power rack. During each and every rep you always want to control the negative portion and forcefully explode during the concentric portion. It is important to control each and every rep and not let the bar just drop and bounce off your chest. You always want to be control of the bar in the weight. We just finished up our seven heavy sets of three reps on bench press and now we're going to move on to the reverse band bench press. We're only going to do five sets of five reps. Now we're going to keep the weight the same as the left off on bench press and just attach the bands onto that bar bell. Now let me show you how we're going to set the bands up. To set the bands to the reverse band bench press you're going to want to attach the band to the top of the side support being. What you're going to do is take one end loop it over the top of the rack. You're going to create a loop with the band. Put the other end of the band through the loop and pull it tight. Now for this we're just going to pull the band over the weights and put it on the knuckle of the bar bell. Now you have the band attached to the bar bell and you're ready to go. Just like with bench press we're going to be increasing the weight by 20 pounds each set. We're going to be doing five sets of five reps with about two minutes rest between each set. As you lower the bar the tension of the band increases decreasing the weight of the bar. As you push the bar up the tension on the band's decreases and the weight you push increases. This allows you to overload the top portion of the bench press increasing your lock-out strength. As you can see on my fifth final set and we got four reps instead of the five reps out is targeted but that's okay because I took that set the failure. Now if you hit failure before five reps that's the end of your set you don't want to rack the weight and do a rest pause or do a drop set you're done. We're after maximizing performance with your max weight for five reps on that set and then that's it. When taking the bands off of the bench press you want to make sure to leave some weight on the bar. You're going to want at least 135 pounds which is 45 in each side of the bar before taking the bands off. Otherwise the bar will cling up in the air due to the tension on the bands. Now let's move on to our next exercise which is inclined dumbbell press. With this exercise we're just going to be doing three sets of six to ten reps with the same weight. We're not going to be increasing the weight for each set. We've got started with one one upset with 50% of the weight that I'm going to use for my max sets. So let's get into the warm upset. We're going to move on to the final exercise of today's workout and after decont hammer strength press. Like that we find dumbbell press we're going to use the same weight for all three sets. Now with this movement since we're using bands you're going to have to use less weight than you normally wouldn't have to sexize because the bands offer additional resistance. And the reason we're using these bands is a little bit different than the reverse band bench press. And the reverse band bench press depends decrease the weight as you lower the bar and increase weight as you increase the bar. With the bands here we're going to attach them to the back of the support beams onto the handle where you push the weight. As you push the weight forward the band stretched causing you to have to accelerate the weight faster. It also increases the eccentric portion of the movement which increases muscle damage and can be helpful for muscle hypertrophy. Now this isn't something we want to do every workout but it's something you can incorporate here and there to improve your results. Despite with the in-kind dumbbell press we're going to do one set with 50 percent of the weight for a warm up. Again we're going to be resting about one to two minutes between sets. We're going to do three sets of six to ten reps on the decont hammer strength press. We just finished up our hardcore workout designed to boot up size and strength for that stubborn chest. Now today we start with the bench press, move down to the bench press with reverse bands, did the in-kind dumbbell press and finished off the decont hammer strength press. I recommend doing this workout once a week for four weeks at a time. Doing this workout for more than four weeks quickly the overtraining due to the heavy resistance from the bands. You can get the full workout on this page. Just click the link below and print it out and take it to the gym with you. This is Derek Starboy from Team Sivation. I hope you enjoyed my workout. Be sure to check back on bodywind.com often, drop the content articles and videos. Enjoy the workout. Let's get some results.