It's day two of the muscle building trainer here. Live reporting from Mumbai. A little bit sore from yesterday. Not as sore as I thought I would be after the CrossFit. It's asian, making that loosen me up, but I know that doing a fine-tensity and sports training is a cardio-string after the workout. It does assist with the recovery. You have to be mentally applied as well. You have to want to chase and embrace that pain to a certain degree. So if you're not in pain, then that's unusual. You should be disappointed. As long as you're more comfortable with the pain, then you don't tend to feel it as much. It's more of a normality. So just before we head on out to the door, I'd let all now for chest and triceps. I'm just going to quickly show you my goodly covered, my snack covered. I've normally got some quest bars in a year as well, but I've eaten them obviously. So I've got some protein bites here. It's like a soy protein. 20 grams of protein, great snack. Good if you're going to go to the cinema. And obviously I've got my nutrition bite designs. Here I always got on hand, got the beef flavour there. Got the chicken flavour there. A lot of the time on grab one of them. I don't normally make a habit of it, but if I'm heading out of the door, and I can't grab a meal, that is the perfect meal. When I'm travelling, and then obviously I've my gluten free. Sometimes I'll throw that in a shake-a-bottle, with some protein powder. There's another meal. Here I've got kale. Now, these are what I actually got from Toronto recently. When I was there last week, shooting over view videos, but I've actually cooked it myself since. Just put in some kale, in the oven. Excuse me, in the oven. And I just put some rosemary, some rock salt, and some garlic over that. And 10 minutes each side is perfect. And I've got some gluten-free puffs that I order online. As well. Here I've got a bit of PB to peanut butter, with a lot less fat than the usual amount. Sometimes I'll just mix that up with a little bit of fruit. And just as a little bit of a... Just not craving, pick me up snack. So now, I think it's time to hit the bone. I've got an hours drive now. So navigate the traffic and get to the gym. So what the videos didn't capture last night, after I left here, I went into the CrossFit session. Reason being, is this is going to be an alternative form of cardio that I want you to do on your non-training days. So I really suffered yesterday, and I feel a little bit depleted today, but it's my own fault. So you know, you just got to take better care of your nutrition, make sure that you're extremely hydrated, and especially your supplementation. So supplements obviously only give in like 3, maybe 5% of your overall results. Maximum, and that all depends on you yourself, and what you like with your respiratory and nutrition. Obviously, if you miss a lot of meals, then obviously a protein powder, protein meal replacement, is going to be of more assistance to you. And you know, we're building up a lot of free radical damage, we're utilizing a lot of vitamins and minerals, so you need to compensate by actually supplementing with that. Alright, so today we're going to be smashing chest and triceps. Hidden our upper body. Lower body may be dragging ass a little bit today, because we could be limping from yesterday's workout, but that's a past victory. You do not think back to that. You do not look back, except for seeing, you know, the pile of sweat that you left at the bench. So remember, we've only got 12 of these chest and triceps workouts, where we've got a totally obliterate, these muscle groups, and transform these muscle groups. So we're hitting Y3T again, between the eight to 12 reps, principle, and so now I'm just taking my pre workout, as you should be two about 20 minutes before your session. Use this time to mentally get focused, clear your brain of anything that could be corrupting it, or cluttering it from the day, and just focus everything into the next hour. Let's hit it. I've got the program here on my mobile phone, via the email that Neil Hill sent to me. So remember to take your program with you on the mobile phone. You can follow it, so it's very portable, and it's easy to follow through, just make sure that you don't drop your dumbbells on it. So we entered the gym, and we started immediately with our rotator cuff movements. It's always good not just to use that as a cure for any torn rotator cuffs, but good as a preventative measure. So I always like to start with about three sets of rotator cuff movements before going into any shoulder or chest exercises. Then we started off with the incline chest. I think we did about eight repetitions on the first set, and then I went lighter, because it did feel heavy, and so I was able to attain the eight to 12 reps. So for instance, if you do just manage the scraper eight, and you feel that you're fatiguing, and you're not going to be able to get your eight to 12 reps on the next set, lighten it just a little bit, so you do reach failure within that rep range. That's exactly what we did for those four sets. And then we went flat press, and did about 10 to 12 repetitions on there as well. I don't know if you could tell, but I was getting a little bit frustrated at this point, because my strength is so far down, and it's really demotivating to pick up lighter weights to what I'm used to, and really struggle with it. So we started to use an explosive manner, but Neil had told me to strictly utilize about three sets, and I realized about three second rule doing the negative. So remember that, slow it down a little bit, work the negative to about three seconds, and then you can explode out the hole. So we started with the incline press, did four sets there, and then we went flat press, and then I finished off with flies. I was just struggling to get my eight rep in order. I was getting to seven hitting failure, and I just locked it out for a few seconds, just until I could replenish some ATP to get out that extra rep, so I made it to eight repetitions on those sets. And then our last exercise for chest was the dips. This was supposed to be a weighted dip movement where you're supposed to have a belt with a chain that holds some additional weight. For me anyway, and if you're strong enough to do so for yourself, but my body weight wasn't enough. When with a wide grip, make sure that we leaned the body right over, didn't stay vertical, because that would target your try so small, and really work that lower chest and work the negative. Again, reach and failure, order round eight repetitions, and you will notice between every exercise that we were stretching. So that's something that I do advocate that I do recommend that you stretch out your pecs, really make sure that you stretch out faster, give them muscle more room to grow, and obviously you want to utilize it to prevent injury and open up your shoulder joint as well. So that was chest done with then we moved on to try set, several minutes later. After we allowed our ATP to replenish itself, get our breath back, get our head aligned and motivated to totally obliterate our try sets. We started off with the cable push downs. Elbows were a little bit warmed up from hitting the multi-joint exercises of the pressing movements, so we didn't have to warm up too much there. Again, use your instinct. If you feel like you need three or four warmups, then do it. I was reaching failure, probably about eight or nine repetitions, but then I would utilize the rest force principle again. I really like this principle. I just locked it out, held it there for a couple of seconds. Got my breath back, knocked out another one rep. Did that same again for a couple of seconds, knocked out another rep. So really, really push that muscle, be on fatigue, be on failure, and give it purpose to grow. Then we went on to the bent overhead, cable extension to really target the rear head. And again, bending over, keeping the back straight, utilizing the rest force principle, just to get one or two more reps and really work that negative and keep the tension on the try sets all the time. Make sure the elbows are always pointing in, and the same when we moved onto the last exercise, which was a compound movement, being the close grip bench press. So we're going to do the close grip bench press on a Smith machine now. Someone was on here a second ago. I thought if we're going to have to wait around, we just go to a traditional bent. So if you don't have a Smith machine, or if there's people hugging it, just go on to a traditional bench, just make sure that you've got somebody there to unrak the weight and racket back for you with a Smith machine. You can pretty much do it by yourself. So we shouldn't be resting for any more than a minute. So let's get into it. So we've already pre-futined our try sets with the isolation moves prior. So that puts us in a perfect environment and the compound exercise such as close grip bench press without bringing in too much pecking volments. So again, elbows tucked in tight, hands up towards the head, and by the shoulder width distance apart, and then really make sure that we push out the positive and work slowly on that negative. And I know three seconds and I'll, you know, one and a half seconds up if that. Knocked out three sets of, it was eight to 12, but I think I was reaching failure there at about eight non-repetitions. And so we're fell within that gap. So it's a good work out. I was a little bit frustrated because I was weak, but the main thing is, is don't let that frustration get in the way. If anything, use that frustration as a positive energy to explode out of these movements. So this is our double prong attack. It's our double postwork out shake. It's our little secret. So we have the branch chains, a glutamine, the BCA is a latte buffers straight after. I will look out immediately before the cardio, then the cardio will allow to shuttle that around the body. And then as soon as we finish with the cardio, so that is sucked in. We still have that window of opportunity to suck up the protein and the glycogen, the carbohydrates as well. So we have, we further have a shake with the battagua and protein immediately after the cardio. As well. So it's our double postwork out from attack. All right, same. As day one, we're doing 15 minutes of cardio, high intensity interval. So we'll do 30 minutes of medium pace, get the heart rate up, but able to carry on a conversation as I am with you now. And then for that one minute, we go all out. So that's it. The rest of the day is all down to you. Where you make sure that you get your meals in on time within every three hours. Make sure you have a good night's sleep recovery. Prepare your food tonight for tomorrow. Same with your pre and postwork out shakes. And your gym bag because of guarantee, if you sleep in tomorrow or something comes up, it'll give you a perfect prime excuse as why you didn't make your workouts. It eradicate those excuses, be prepared, or you're gonna prepare to fail. Thank you.