If you've seen any of our previous videos on bodybuilding.com, you'll know that primary goal for me is to move quick. I have a pretty busy life that involves a lot of travel, so hotel gym sometimes have to make do. So two things that are here is to make best use of time and best videos to look with it. Move fast, get it done. Today we're going to do an arm workout that consists of buys, tries, and we're going to bring in shoulders to round out the entire arm. We're just going to run some dumbbells. We're going to work our way through with some triceps with some compound movements and some drop sets and hit a high amount of volume to achieve our goal. The goal today's workout is to be able to complete the entire process in as little as 30 minutes. The first time you go through it, you might not be able to pull it off in 30 minutes. So run through it, get it down pat, and then work on your speed and get it down to as little as you can. We're going to start off with workout today with buy-sips. We're going to do an exercise called 21 which involves three portions to the movement. First part of the contraction is 50% of the contraction. You're going to do that for seven. Second part of the movement is the top contraction part that upper 50% of the contraction for seven, and then you're going to complete the movement with the full range for an additional seven. Hence the 21. We're going to start out with 30 pound dumbbells. We're going to use this little rest as possible, get down to the 25s, 20s, 15s, and tens. When you first start out, it's not that tough, especially with a 50% contraction movement and not that heavy. But as you start getting a little bit further, even as the weights come down, you'll continue to challenge yourself. And you're going to have to push through both physically, but additionally you're going to challenge yourself mentally. As we get done with bice, we're jumping right into tries. We're going to do three movements in the tries. We're going to make it a try set, three different exercises, and we're going to move as fast as possible. Since today we're trying to use limited equipment to replicate challenging situations like hotel jams, we're using dumbbells to do skull crushers. You're going to like flat on a bench, you're going to do an overhead extension. We're going to start with the third piece. We're going to get in the 10 to 15 rep range after the contraction there. We're going to slide over to an inclined bench, and you're going to do another extension with your elbow pointed out that's going to hit a different head on the trice up here. If the third movement that you're going to do in the trice set is back to the bench as a close grip bench press, again hitting the trice to fatigue. As soon as you complete that movement, we're going to drop down to 25s and then we're going to do it all over again, staying in that 10 to 15 rep range burn out each time everything you have, and we're going to reduce it all the way down to the 10 bond dumbbells, and you won't have much left, even with little 10 pound dumbbells. We're going to the third and final movement of our weight training shoulders. This is the last part you're going to be fatigued from bise and trice, but we're moving quickly and we've got to get this done in 30 minutes. So you're going to slide over to the 30 pound dumbbells and you're going to do three movements all over again. We're going to start with the lateral raise for 10 reps. We're going to go to overhead press for 10 reps and a front raise for 10 reps. You're going to drop the sets down to 25s, 20s, 15s again down to 10s, and even though 10 pound dumbbells are not heavy, you're going to feel them by the end. Now we're done with the weight training portion of this and we're going to finish out with 10 minutes of high intensity interval training cardio. We're going to put that grade and 15. We're going to start with 60 seconds of walking and then we're going to alternate that with 60 seconds of running at this fastest pace as your body can handle. You'll use the next 60 seconds to recover and keep alternating that until you hit your 10 minute mark. When you complete those 10 minutes, you will have finished up a 30 minute high intensity by try shoulder and cardio vascular workout. That's it for our no excuses arm workout with some cardio thrown in on top. All the details for this workout are broken down on the page below. If you have any questions on this workout or for me in general, you can follow me on body's face, Instagram, and Facebook. For more videos like this from the muscle militia keep coming back to bodybuilding.com.