Hi everyone, I'm Clay the Carpenter Guida, here with Bodybuilding.com at the Muscle Farm Training Facility. I'm here to tell you guys about my training, my nutrition, my supplementation that really drives the carpenter to get my lightweight title. Yeah, pretty simple. I live in a van down by the river, you know, any of my loyal fans know I live in a window baguette in the Indian reservation in Albuquerque, New Mexico. So I've kind of secluded myself and it sounds kind of cliche but I'm always on the road to victory. When I wake up in the morning in the R.E. and it's just I look out and I see you know, with a buffalo around, literally there's like 30 or 40 buffalo always wandering around the RV. It's kind of surreal and it puts me in a training mood. I want to just get out there and get closer to my dream and nothing's going to stop me and say, get that belt. I think you say it to say I get my hard work ethic for my parents, my mom and dad, we're a couple of jobs and they've always brought us up that nothing in life. We're getting, you know, comes for free. So I've always had that mentality. Started at a young age, wrestling playing football, playing baseball and just kind of always said that hard nose, you know, go get her attitude and it is kind of, you know, bend my, my go to and my mixed martial arts career and you have see people see the wild hair and all that but I'm really driven by, you know, my workout partners and by my training, my trainers and things like that. So I just know, you know, what I lack in town, I want to make up for heart and just hard work and he works like crazy. I wish I could convey the work ethic this guy has. He's in there all the time, always even bugs me. He's like coach, when can I get a new move coach, when he's always on me, he's like, come on, I want more, I want more, I want more and I love that hunger. I don't want to fight in front of an empty crowd, I'm getting one does. I hear the crowd stomping their feet and screaming my name. We, you know, you know, I mean, that drives me, I can feel it in my blood, you know, and I feel with every punch I throw, I could be the sweat that comes out of me. It's something special. The fans is what drives me, you know, you look at all these, these other professional sports, the NFL, they had the lack out for a while, the NBA, they might lose their season, but I honestly can say that mixed martial arts fans, UFC fans are the most true, the most loyal fans out there in the professional sporting world. They're the ones that pay our bills so the least I can do is give back to them and put on a show every time out. I'm always fighting for the fans, you know, people ask me all the time, how do you, you know, what does it feel like to do that walk out? It does it feel like to be in the cage there. I, you know, I kind of tell them, you know, take the most awesome 10, the most gnarly rock contis you've ever been to and we're in rapid into like a five or ten minute, you know, spot in your life and I tell them, I feel like I'm the lead singer and this is, you know, it's kind of like my own show, you know what I mean? It's about the closest I can come to describing it. He loves to fight, he loves to compete, and I think that love, that real kind of just organic love for what he does comes out in his personality and his training and most of all in his fights. When he gets in there, you can just see he's getting psyched up, he's getting empty, loves to be in there so much and when you love to do something, even when you're tired, you're happy. And so he's bouncing around just as happy as a clam in there and that's I think one of the secret to being able to go, go, go, go, go the way he does. He just loves it. I have a thriller competition, it's never left me, you know, I wrestled college and I never was a national call for, I never made it down to national tournament in high school, I never made it down state and this is I'm making up for things in life that didn't do earlier. So this is something that it's just an undying passion for the sport, you know, that desire that until I get that belt and I hold it for a while, I want to be that guy that gives my belt away after, you know, I'm done and tired of, you know, competition and I think that's everything to happen. Clay has a very unique approach to training and that is that he does a lot of it. I love training. A sad day to me would be a day that I couldn't train to me getting up, you know, like they're getting up in the RV or in the van, not by the river and no one, I get to go to the gym to work out with some of the best fighters and the best trainers in the world. It puts a smile on the face of the day. Clay Greeda is one of those guys. It's the first guy there and the last guy to leave. You know, my day is broken up in a three or four kind of short workouts. The morning one being the team workout where you know, it goes from like an hour to an hour a half and then the next three or four workouts whatever it is, go from 30 to 45 minutes just a game plan, technique and conditioning. A typical week of training starts the Monday morning we have our MMA training, whatever Greg wants us to do either small gloves and then we do, he has his focus on a grappling or we do, you know, kind of light, 70% on the feet where you throw in light strikes because with those small and big gloves you know, you can get cut. We'll do about an hour, hour and a half on Monday of MMA training after that. My second, second workout will be, I'll go do kettlebells and with the kettlebells it's great. It's different than crossfit, it's different than like, you know, just getting on a treadmill things like that and also it's not just we don't just sit there and swing kettlebells for an hour we do a lot of circuit training in between so they will have me just do basic you know kettlebell swings, snatches, cleans, you know, different things like that and then they'll have me do, you know, tire flips and hit the tire with the hammer and just different stuff for explosiveness. As you see most mixed martial artists were more like sprinters were not long distance, you know, even though I feel like I can go, you know, 10 rounds that you know, I'd be fine but we talk about explosion with we do a lot of kettlebells, about 45 minutes I do that twice a week, then after that, on the third session of the day I'll hit mids with Mike Winkle-John about 20 to 30 minutes of just solid technique and then he starts putting heat on us, you know, where it's like a conditioning drill as well so about 30 minutes of hitting mids and then after that I'll, you know, game playing with Greg and then who have me just do repetition and technique. So a lot of times, you know, I'll get it, you know, be able to take a quick nap or maybe a couple of hour nap, get some lunch, you know, quick bite after workout and then, you know, relax for a while but some of them are kind of, you know, block full, you know, two or three workouts back to back to back. I almost like that, that way I can just, you know, I just run right through it, I feel, you know, that, I feel like I just want to, you know, just hammer through it and, you know, and all in the workout, you know, a lot of people, a lot of guys, you know, just got to get through this workout. Me and it's different, it's not like getting through a workout, you know, just get through life, you know, you want to get the most out of it, I want to get the most out of my day, I want to get the most, you know, productivity out of each workout. You really have to listen to the body so taking a day off is, you need to do that. You know, if you train five, six days a week, maybe a, maybe Sunday, I'll be, you know, the day right, just kind of lounge around, let the body repair, go for a run. I prefer a long training camp. To me, anything over, you know, anything over eight weeks is, you know, icing on the cake. And I'm always, you know, I always stay in shape even after my fights, I'm always running and, you know, training things like that because this is what we do a full time, you know, you never know when you're going to get that call. So I'm always, you know, kind of grinding at the bit and you know, always working out, but, you know, when I got to New Mexico, I'd say nine to 12 weeks to me, it's a good camp, it's a great camp. And I love being out there, you know, like I said, getting myself away from, you know, that every day grinding, you know, being back home and, you know, little distractions. And, you know, sometimes I'm my worst distraction. So I always, you know, find it, it best to be, you know, located in Albuquerque, and just, you know, mind in the prize. But, you know, preparing the body is huge. I have a very good trainer in back home, DJ Jones, and she's been a huge part, you know, a huge part of my game. We'll stretch after, you know, the workouts, you know, sparring and she'll do like a 30-minute stretch of roll on my shoulders, my hamstrings, quads, you know, hips, all this stuff. So she's implemented a huge part of my game that I was missing because a lot of, you know, a lot of times I've got, all right, done working out, hit the shower, go home. But your body's still working out and it's still like trying to find, you know, that time to relax and she just kind of elevates it. You know, a bad day, the gym is better than a day in the job or a day sitting on the couch, you know, doing nothing so I might get banged up in the gym. But, I know that I'm putting in the time and I'm always improving. Feeling the body, yeah, that's a huge part for professional athlete. And sometimes, you know, I slack a little bit. A lot of times I'll forget to eat sometimes and I'll do, I'll go four or five, six hours without eating and I'll train a couple of times in between then. So I'm always drinking a lot of water. I guess, you know, a good time to start a meeting at morning for breakfast. I get up and I love either a bagel, bowl of crispy, sort of bowl of cereal with some bananas. It's sliced bananas in there. My like, the instant oatmeal, like the peaches and cream or blueberries and cream and stuff like that. So it's not the healthiest breakfast, but it's not that, you know, it could be a lot worse. I could be going out and eating, you know, half upon a bacon and cheesy omelters or another morning. So that my morning breakfast is, it gets me through my morning workout. And after the next workout, I'll have sometimes I can, can't shake and dark a white meat and, you know, mix that with, you know, some rice or noodles with something like that that, you know, some carbs, protein things like that that are going to get me, you know, to my evening workout. After that, I like red meat. You go out for a steak, sushi, and something that's going to feel me, you know, and healthy repair for my, you know, my next day's workout. I eat, when I've, these past couple weeks, you know, or these next few weeks to my fight, probably four to five times a day. I think guys that, you know, carry a little bit more weight than I do. Me beat more in order to, you know, for their diet, but right now my weights, my weights always good. I don't really cut too much weight. So I think four to five times a day and eating regularly between workouts is definitely boosted my training and I've been getting the most out of my workouts. I'm not, you know, the measuring cup guy where everything's got to be kind of, you know, just so imperfect, you know, three ounces of rice and four ounces of broccoli and, you know, you only so much, you know, half a slab of, or half a chicken breast, things like that. I just, whatever's in front of me, I eat it and I move on to the next workout next meal. Since I was little, but parents always, you know, taught me to kind of eat whatever's in front of you as far as, you know, my diet goes. I don't stick to a strict diet. Obviously, I don't drink soda. I don't eat fast food. I stay away from all that stuff. I'll go to a restaurant by a $12 cheeseburger. I'll sometimes do anything. So I'm not real fussy about what's in front of me, but because I know I'm going to go to the gym and work it off in a matter of what. Now, I got a little bit of a sweet tooth. A month out, I don't eat the, I don't eat desserts, you know, for 30 days or a month before my fight. So I'll have starburst though, sometimes I just eat the big sprees and, well, I'll get a little stuff like that, but I don't go overboard. I love all vegetables. I love broccoli, I love salad bar stuff, I get it. There's not really any vegetables. I won't eat, I love fish, colopia, my, my things like that over rice. I've grown a little bit as far as, you know, nutritionally and, you know, I've learned about my body a little bit more. So yeah, I don't really consider cutting weight because I walk around, I'm like, 1-65. Fight week, I'm 1-60 and we get one pound allowance until I get to my title fight where we have to be your scratch, 1-55. And right now, I don't have to cut weight and I don't plan on it in the future. I think everyone needs to supplement, you know, just outside of drinking, you know, water and gatorade, there has to be some sort of catalyst as well that helps you, you know, kind of get an edge and you work out. In the morning, after breakfast, I'll start with my protein. I'll do like 16 ounces of the battlefield, whether it's cookies and cream or, you know, with no layer of chocolate peanut butter, I'll drink like half on the weight of the gym. So I'll like 8 ounces. That's about the only time to catch me measure of anything. Drink like 8 ounces on the weight of the gym that we're not too full before practice. And then immediately after practice, I'll finish the rest of it. Finish 8 ounces of my protein right after. So there's, you know, some recovery there, you know, then I move into the recon, you know, helps you rebuild the muscle and things like that. Like, yeah, I would say the body must rest. The body must rebuild as well. I always just overlook that and I would just, you know, get ready to stuff like that or heavily, you know, but as a professional athlete, you learn different things about your body that things that are going to escalate your recovery and muscle farmers, you know, been a huge key to that, you know, to help me, you know, be the machine that I am. Pretty work out, you know, I've always been big on if you can't get up for a workout, you're probably in the wrong sport, but, you know, it kind of helped it out a little bit. The muscle farm assault is, is been huge, you know, it doesn't get you that jacked up, like, you know, kind of shaky, but it gives you just a steady burst that you like, you know, 12 ounces of a soft before workout and I feel great. Top three supplements I would recommend that have been huge, you know, my keys to success, trying to get a good, good, good coasts of me. You know, you take that in the morning and even for you go to bed, it's great. Multivitamin's fine something, you know, either fruit and vegetables, you know, or, you know, just to, you know, some sort of multivitamin's same thing in the morning and the evening, and definitely a solid protein, you need something that you're going to take a couple of times a day, that's going to, you know, replace the meals that you might miss and help you, you know, throughout your day training. Everyone needs, you know, supplementation with these rigorous workouts three, four times a day, like I said earlier, you need some sort of catalyst to get you to these workouts and, you know, and help you get out to the next one and, you know, to get the most out of your workouts, you know, and that's what it's all about, you know, peaking at the proper time. And then having these, having these great products is, he's really been, you know, testing the team of my proper training. Hey everyone, I appreciate you guys joining me. Once again, this is Clay the Carpenter. We just signing off. I told you guys a little bit about my nutrition, my supplementation, kind of different foods I eat, but I live in a fandom by the river, where the buffalo realm. So I appreciate you guys tuning in and also checking out the biggest fight of my life, November 12th on Fox, but in Ben Henderson and it's going to tell a tale. It's almost show time. So once again, thanks for joining me. And for more videos, check out BodyBilling.com, muscle farm, and check it out November 12th, don't blink.