My name is Colton Litter. I'm a Slycore sponsored athlete and a national level strong man competitor. I started bodybuilding for a long time to that for about four or five years and I just recently last year I moved on to strong man. I got my start while I was playing football in high school and really enjoyed it. I always had fun competing in football. I ended up hurting my neck a few games out from the end of the season. I didn't have any big schools lined up but I was talking to a few and after that happened I was faced with a decision. I could either let it have some surgery, get started and get playing next the next season maybe for a college or I could give up football. I looked at it and I said, you know, I'm not in any constant pain. I don't want to go down surgery. I don't think it's right for me. So I moved out of football and started trying to incorporate something. I was determined not to be the person who was the I used to person. The person that I used to be able to do this. I used to be able to do that. So I started weightlifting and eventually met up with a friend of mine now and he was he's been competing since he was about 15 or 16 and he got me started inviting and did my first show and really enjoyed it. How a lot of fun. I decided that I wanted to do something a little bit bigger than just a local show the following year. So I decided to go off with team nationals and took a second there and the following year after that did the collegiate nationals took fifth. Recently the last year so I ended up losing my mother and when that happened I lost all motivation. I couldn't get motivated to eat right. I couldn't get motivated to do anything but go to the gym. That was it. And even when I did go to the gym it just wasn't really worthwhile. Soon after that I a friend of mine he's actually a minister. He's my minister and he was he had just gotten an astrol man and he said, hey man you need to come on do this with me. Just come out and just have some fun. We'll do one competition. Tell me if you like it. So okay I mean I'm only trying anything once. I've always been interested. It always looked fun and after that first competition I was hooked. I was absolutely hooked. Strongman was always an outlet for me to you know to really just get me and get nasty you know the everyday society you can't do that. You have to be polite, yes, man, yes sir and that's great. Did you should be but you know there's something inside of all of us that we want to let out sometimes you know we got to let up the beast that we want to walk and strumming an amazing outlet to do that. You can get in there. You can train hard and that was that outlet for me. All the tension and all the grief and everything that I had built up. I'm losing my mother and the hardships so they're in the year. I was able to to really let out and really just you know tear up the weight it's basically you know go out there and do things that a lot of people would find really difficult or impossible to do. I was able to do that. I've got a nine-day rotation that I currently use. I really like to go two days on one day off. I feel like this allows me to to recover. Strongman is very high intensity exercise and if you know I take this in time off everyone's normal you will get burnout really fast and if I just won't be able to keep up. I like to on the nine-day rotation I take a let's say in three-day increments. You got a heavy day, a lighter day which may be like a gym type workout and then an off-day and then I repeat that cycle for your usual three-toe times. I have a couple different tons of workouts that I like to do. Some may incorporate a normal workout like to say in the gym and I may toss in one event at the end of that workout whether it be for cardio or for strength purposes. I've got a normal gym training day where you know I'll go in I'll do some tests workout get a great pump I'll get some conditioning at the end and be done and I've also got strictly event days. Each day each workout I try to focus on kind of three different levels. I begin my workout with a strength movement that could be one or two exercises sometimes maybe even an implement like a log press or something like that. The next phase is hypertrophy so I do like to bring back a little bit of the bodybuilding type into the workout that way I still maintain my size and with a big guy I want to stay big and I believe it's it's great for over health and everything. The third part is conditioning you know whether that be hop on a treadmill and knocking out just 20 or 30 minutes of some steady state cardio a couple times a week or if it's going outside and using the implements at a light away longer distances and more you know pain intensity type cardio. Strongman is not is not necessarily powerlifting. Powerlifting you go in and you focus on three movements basically and you go home you know you do some auxiliary lifting go home. Now strongman incorporates a lot of different sports you've got to be in shape you've got to be big you've got to be strong. I do still incorporate a lot of isolation movements just like a bodybuilding in his routine. You do have to still maintain size as well as strength and instrument. There are a ton of events for strongman. My personal best are actually at was stones. The sports known for that was stones and that's great. The personal records of the naval load a 400 pound stone for two consecutive reps in contest the strongest man in Texas. Police fourth not too bad showing it to get made a couple looking mistakes that I dropped me down a little bit but I'm looking looking forward to getting you next year but I was the only one in Texas to actually load the 385 pound stone so I do take a lot of pride in that and and and get into a strong stone. Since I started strongman I have been a big believer in using those some of those movements for just conditioning. If you're just an avid gym goer and you're just trained to kind of get a little bigger a little leaner I highly recommend if you take anything out of this video just taking or just try it. Pick up heavy object and carry it for a distance see how you feel afterwards. Do it after a workout it really has changed the way I train when you know I do plan to get back into bodybuilding at some point in time of the future and when I do make that jump I will definitely incorporate certain things like farmers walks maybe heavy carries. Those things are just amazing for conditioning and functional camping. Do you have to remember that because strongman are competing and they're burning so many calories that they do need to eat to perform. You have to eat the right and the right quantities of foods to to perform properly. For instance if I were to consume 2,000 calories a day that might be normal for a certain individual but for me I wouldn't be able to perform my strength would decrease my size would decrease my body wouldn't be able to keep up so you have to keep that in mind and you have to adjust it to your personal level because just because I'm 310 pounds and I can eat 5 or 6,000 calories a day doesn't mean you may need 5 or 6,000 calories a day. You're going to need less than that you have to adjust it to yourself and what you're doing and how you work outside. Now I can go out and I can get a cheeseburger and I can get tons of calories from that and but you know when I go to train I feel horrible after a big grease in meal after pizza after stuff like that I'm not saying that I leave those out of my diet but there's proper times to incorporate them you know if you're eating pizza and burgers and fries every day you're not going to perform well I don't care what you do when you're eating clean and healthy foods and getting with the right vitamins and minerals and everything and you're going to perform better you're going to feel better you're going to have a bit of cardio I've noticed a huge difference in my training when I eat clean and when I don't and believe or not I'm actually a big propired of peanut butter and jelly sandwiches I feel like they've got tons of fiber tons of nutrients and it's really quick and easy way to get some extra calories in throughout the day so it's all seen that in with my my chicken and my rice throughout the day really makes a difference to get those calories high but in a clean way I prefer to get in a little bit bigger meals at a time I really enjoy eating I just do so when I sit down I want to eat a big meal and I want to feel full so instead of eating you know 5, 8 times a day I'll eat more like 4 times a day and bigger quantities of those sit-ins. It's still spaces me out probably about 3 hours a part or so so I don't really go much longer than that my protein sources I try to keep me fairly clean I do do a couple protein shakes throughout the day I'll plenty of chicken red bean really enjoy red bean a couple times a week I carbohydrate sources mainly sweet potatoes, wheat breads, wheat tortillas actually I use those a lot and vegetable salads that's always a big one my cheat meals aren't a silly planned out but I'm just conscious of when I am eating those I may sit down and I may eat a pizza you know with the wife and enjoy it but I know that the next day I don't need to go back out and have another pizza you know I don't need to go on any burgers or breakfast tacos I try to time those and I just try to keep you know keep it conservative and I think that's a good way of looking at it for a lot of people that you know maybe they are trying to train for strength but of course you want to stay healthy it's just moderation by doing that you're balancing out your lifestyle you're balancing out your eating habits and that's what I believe in I think that works best for me I do believe that supplements are necessary you know some people may say that you can you can achieve all your supplements early all your vitamin and mineral and macromycrone needs from you daily food intake I think that's difficult for the average average person even eating princess on like buy builders diet during contest prep you know I I don't believe that that person is consuming enough food to get the right vitamin minerals I'm a firm believer in the basics I like to use protein multi-vitamin fish oils as well as joint support and a pre workout I really enjoy using pre and post workout supplements the multi is a basic but I firm I'm a firm believer is real-carbon I can sure get in the right vitamins to to help perform and to help you know keep your body healthy the the multi helps fill in all the little gaps that you may be missing from a whole thing your diet protein is essential just it helps to ensure that you are getting in the right amount of protein during the day and and sometimes eating nothing but chicken or or eating meat sources can kind of get boring and monotonous so by having that extra protein supplement you can get a couple extra grams of protein in quickly and what with less awesome I feel that pre workouts are great um natural boost caffeine is wonderful um the additional creatine as well makes a big difference I enjoy taking most of my supplements at least with meals I feel like my multi my visuals they can get it absorb a little easier and get that just a fast food you have meal and your stomach pre workout it's the more essential that you take it without a meal on your stomach that way that caffeine and stuff can get in your system a quicker I do think it's essential that you take some time off supplements every once in a while when I when I personally do I know do notice a difference in a little bit of my performance maybe that's looks like a logical maybe it's not but um there's something I notice especially like with my pre workouts strongman is a great way to change up your program and I really do recommend that everyone take take some time and try to fit in maybe a carrier or something into your workout and I think it really changed the way the way that you can train it's amazing for functional strength if you want to learn more about me or learn more about strumming please feel free to contact me if you can find me here on byluna calm through body space or you can hit me up on facebook or twitter if you want more great articles or videos and content like this check out byluna calm