So I'm going to go over high-prepared marks, lunches, I prepare them for lunches for the following day and I do am I prepares food every evening. Everybody building house will have to have a scale and I turn it on and I will place my pot on top of it and I will zero it out. Say I'm going to cook 100 grams. I will basically just wait out 100. After doing this for so many years, I kind of know how to eye the water in it. Basically for brown rice, you want to for every cup, you want to have about a cup and a half of water. Mark prefers it that way. He likes his rice very moist almost to the point of being a soggy because it's more fulfilling for him. And if you're preparing white rice, you want for every cup of rice that you cook, you want about a cup of water. So I'm going to fill this up. Just eyeballing approximately right about a cup and a half of water in there. I get it started out on high till it comes to a boil and then I will drop that down to medium and let it slowly simmer. And of course the next item that I prepare is the chicken. We prefer to boil our chicken for his four lunches. He essentially eats two tenderloins. So that's one, two, three, and four. So what I do here is I just fill the water till the top of the chicken. And I'm going to place this right next to the rice and I'm going to start that out on high as well. And once it starts to boil, I'll bring that down to medium and let that simmer down. We're looking at marks' rice right now and it's a little dry. I probably did put enough water in it or evaporated very quickly. So I'm going to add a little bit more water. Like I said, he likes his rice very, very moist. I'm going to put that back on the stove and I'm going to drop that down to a low. His chicken is coming along great. I can tell it's cooked when it starts to kind of separate. It's been boiling now for about 15-20 minutes. It's probably about done. Again, these are tenderloins. They take less time to cook than it breast is great. It looks like the chicken is done. As you can see here, the chicken split. Very good indication that it's cooked. So we're going to go ahead and take the chicken. We're going to dump it out and give them a quick rinse and cold water. Okay. See here. They're pretty good. Then I'm going to put about two tenderloins in each container. Then what I do is I just shred them up in little pieces with my hands. Much quicker than cutting with a knife. Mark doesn't like his rice added to the Tupperware in place in the fridge quite yet because when you put rice in the fridge it gets crunchy. So the rice is perfectly cooked now. You can see that it's plumped up. It's nice and moist in there but it's not dry. We mark each of this will be just straight for him. So I just leave that on the stove top. Obviously it's off. Leave it there overnight. Tomorrow morning I will open up Mark's Tupperware. I'll add the rice and his vegetables. Put it in his backpack and he's ready to go. So Mark is about four weeks out from his competition and I'm going to show you how I prepare his lunches so he can take him to work. He is eliminated brown rice right now. He's eating about two cups of corn, one cup of pea and about a handful of green beans. I'm going to go ahead and show you how I do this. Go ahead and lay out my chicken. All the top soft. I'm going to go ahead and pull out my vegetables out of the freezer. You don't do pans. Frozen is much better. It's just, it's more, it's fresher. The pans, peas are almost like a muted color and they don't taste as good. So I'm going to go ahead and put it in the cup here. Roasted corn. He likes some roasted. He has a little bit of a nutty flavor to it. So I'm going to measure out. Just one. Two. One cup piece. I'm going to go ahead and rinse this out. You're frozen. I'm going to rinse them in hot water so that they can kind of defrost. His first meal was usually around 9 o'clock, 9'30. So if I don't rinse them out, they'll be kind of crunchy. It's pretty close out. So now I'm going to go ahead and evenly distribute this. Let's see. I do thought. I'm going to put some cup there. I'm just kind of eyeing it at this point. Just want to have it fairly even. Then we're going to do the handful of green beans. This I don't measure out. It's a nice handful. Same process. Rinse them out. So they put these in. It kind of squeeze the water out of them. Other than just way too much water. Just a little handful of each. Each container. That is Mark's lunches for a week's out from a show. So this isn't enough protein for Mark's meals at lunch. So he usually will have egg whites with his lunches. About half a carton full. We usually purchase these. They're easy to take with him in his backpack. He knows exactly to drink half a carton for additional protein source. So I usually pack these in his backpack.