I'm Corey Gregory, co-founder of Muscle Farm, CoverModel and owner of the old school gym. I got my exercise specialist degree from Columbus State here in Ohio. I'm also any SCA nutrition coach certified. I have the specialized strength training certification from the West Side Barbell and I just recently got my CrossFit level 1 trainer accreditation. So I'm a little bit of all angles to my training and that's why I'm not really married to anyone's system. What's cool about my family's history is both sides lifted weights. Irish, English and Italian. We have all the Italian guys are all stocky, thick dudes, it always power lifted. My mom's side was all more athletic wrestlers but they're both coal miners. So for your first generation of coal mining was like late 1800s all the way through to me. So fourth generation miner saved my money to go to college in my first gym and so the work ethic that I've received was blue collar through and through in the gym and out of the gym. That's why people always, they like to see kind of like the grimyness that I still keep because that's me. That's what got me here. That's what will continue to push me forward. So that's what I think a little bit unique and they always make fun of me saying I'm the real zoolander which is very funny. But realistically that's the kind of work ethic that was instilled in me at our early age and so I carried that through. My passion for this industry started at the grassroots level in my basement in the gym at 14 years old just trying to make myself better. That was a competitive natural bodybuilder, could be the 14 events over 20 plus powerlifting meats and just love it. Eat it, breathe it and as I got better got more confident than it was about making other people better. And so the natural fit for me was becoming a trainer and for I knew it had about 25 training clients. And so I'm 20 years old. I'm in the industry. I said you know what I got nothing to lose. I must start my own gym. You know the old school gym is me. It's got the concrete floors. We got the coal mine belt in the way room. It's a unique facility. It breeze work when you walk in. It breeze sweat. I don't care what you wear. I just want you to come work hard. And what's cool about the gym is I don't know what does some myers who's been my high school friends since I was. I think we started lifting together and we were 14 or 15 years old. And so we literally were in his dad's garage one day and said dude we should just own a gym together and just be cool, lift weights, make money, do whatever it is. And we were joking obviously. And so but half series that the same regards. And now he trains Olympic wrestlers, UFC guys and a fel guy. I mean Dan Boomharr and XO High State running back, place for the bangles. Working with Beanie Wells, place for the Cardinals. Been coming through here, Maurice Clarette, former National Championship, running back with the High State. This place is in the middle of nowhere but you got a little bit of who's who coming through here. The natural next move for me was supplements. I always love supplements and diet and so becoming a supplement owner, co-founder and trying to push myself to the high level of fitness at the same time was huge and just a every day I pushed for that. And so when we found it muscle farm, man, I was like a dream come true to me. And now I have a platform to be able to get all this information out to help people and also set the blueprint for their success too. And so that's what I'm truly passionate about. And now I get a chance through bodybuilding.com through my Twitter, through Facebook, to reach hundreds of thousands of people every day, which is awesome. It's hard to define my overall philosophy because I'm not really married to anything. Right? I have bodybuilding like high volume old school background originally. I moved into a west side method powerlifting, which I love. Actually, it's probably one of my more passionate about that anything. And then I have this cross-fit kind of spin-off that I've learned lately. I like the band training with chains. So I'm kind of a big inner mix of all those things. But that's also what's kept myself growing stronger. My body weight has ranged from 170 photoshoot ready to 40 in powerlifting. So I've seen a whole different aspects of me personally in performance too. So it's all over the board. That's what makes it cool. I try to centralize what I'm doing go-wise though. So right now I'm doing a mixture of bodybuilding with some powerlifting moves and a little bit of high-intense stuff because I was getting ready for photo shoots. When I come out of that photo shoot, I might go some lower reps, some more powerlifting stuff that put on some size. I'll change it a little bit. But at the end of the day, we might be doing parallel things and then all of a sudden I go right back to an Arnold Lake, they just were fun. So I just want to keep myself involved and dozed and we got a group of 10 guys that work out of this. So I mean, we want to keep it different and fun and challenge everybody. And I'm challenged some high-level people. So I got to bring my egg game as a trainer too. Even though I'm not training them, but I'm running the group. So it's the same. Monday through Friday is way lifting, oriented right now. It's kind of a west side concept with bodybuilding. On Saturdays, we do what's called my thousand-remark out, which is 10 bodyweight exercises 100 reps each. And sometimes we do a weighted, sometimes we do without weight. But that's a pretty unique program that we got set up other than that. I take off some days, fully off Sundays. Lemma hormones, kind of relax, get back and check. Just lemma brain, kind of heel. But I have to, it's hard for me to stay out of the gym. I've put together programs for the community that are four weeks at a time. You can wave it three, four weeks that's fine. For us, we're at a level to where my body needs a different variable each time. So realistically, I'm never going the same workout the same week, multiple times, or row. Ever. One thing that you need to know if you're just getting into weight training is I think that you need to go and be around somebody that gets it. Like gets it for real. And take some time and vest into somebody around you that can help you. Somebody that's going to lead you in the right direction, right off the bat. I mean, that's what I've preached everybody. Because you want to have the correct direction. I mean, that's it. That's it. Don't be a little lot of figure on my nutrition. And I realize that I'm super insulin sensitive. And meaning like, I really can't eat a ton of carbohydrates whenever I'm training. It just, I could never get tight. It just seems like I'd be rotating, oatmeal, and sweet potatoes, and all these things. And it just never worked for me. And so over time, my chief formulator at most of our doctor Sarano, we started working on something that he said, Corey, I think he should go more towards a high fat, low carb hydrate. And really then you don't have to count calories as much, but quality foods, and for obviously. And so I kind of came up with my own approach with the doctor. And so when I created the busy diet, which you can download at boughtablein.com, it really started to work for me. So five meals a day, low carbs, medium to high fat. And as my metabolism gets faster, I can eat more and more. And so that's where the adjustment part comes as you get more used to doing these things. My eggs went from three eggs in the busy diet to six eggs. And from a quarter couple of almonds to a whole couple of almonds, but I'm still losing weight. And so I adjust those things as it goes. But the base of it is the busy diet that's at boughtablein.com. My whole goal is to stay within six to seven weeks of a photo shoot, a video shoot, whatever it is. And so I try to keep my body fat percent and check mostly all your around. I don't really believe in the up and down stuff like I used to. I used to be the guy that would blow up the 220. Then really have to struggle to get back to mid-a-weight to compete at 174. It's just too difficult. And so I like to stay really about 190, 187 190. I can compete at powerlifting at a couple different weight classes, where I can get ready for photo shoots, um, 67 weeks. I do let myself have some things on the weekends if I need. I like pizza, which I don't eat that very often, because I really messes me up. I really like, and I always tell people, my cheat meals, I go a more towards sugar cheat, rather than bread cheats. The bread just totally messes me up with my insulin sensitivity, but I can go eat me a very clean blizzard in this wrap. It's funny because on Instagram, my recipes are whatever it is, and crush red peppers on top of it. So people like, dude, do you eat anything else besides red pepper black pepper? That's really, I'm one of those people that zones in. I call it tunnel vision. I zone in. And I know what's going to make my body look that way. That's what it is for me and I'll do it. Once I lock in on the goal that I've got to achieve whether it's training or diet, it's over. I mean, I just, I just lock in and I'm ready to go. So it's hard for me to come out of that mode. I think everybody needs to look for their selves on what really works for them. You got to be your own science project, guinea pig, whatever you say. I did it the day. There's so many different issues with so many different people. You're going to have to tweak it to you. I think that you can't go wrong with a medium fat, low carbohydrate, you know, hide a medium protein type of diet as a base. And I always say, you can't need a maintenance diet to get an adequate result of what you're going. No one wants to lose a half pound a week. No one. They want to lose two, three pounds a week or more. And if you're going to need a maintenance diet, you're going to get a maintenance result. So you got to do something that's a little bit difficult and put you uncomfortable. My whole thing is, if you live comfortable, you're probably going to get that kind of result. You got to live a little uncomfortable if you want to push yourself. The training that we do that I've shown is not with a normal guy that's walking around. My opinion, you need extra things because no one's getting the amount of food in. I mean, I prepare food like crazy, but you're still having a hard time meeting the needs of your body from the performance level if you don't have supplementation. So I'm obviously proselable when it's being the most farong guy. What's cool about my situation is I was able with Brad and Dr. Sorano to create the supplements around what I thought the need was for myself when I was gaining weight, when I was losing weight, and truly was able to test product during phases that I was going through, which is I think a pretty unique kind of thing, you know, in the industry. One something that I can't live without while I'm getting ready for stuff is shred matrix. Part of the reason why I created shred matrix with these guys is that I was in the cupboards at night because I needed something that I'd have to press in at a high level. I didn't want something that had caffeine that like blew my head off. I wanted something just clean energy and I just wanted something that kind of kept me drier. And so that was like three major components and focus that I look for. And so that's one that I can't live without. For sure, I'm so busy with my job and with the company that muscle gels been huge for me just because on the go protein, which I talk about the busy diet like crazy. On the other regards, just having the hybrid and no or the salt pre-workout, just having a solid pre-workout that's clean and really at a night time recovery, knocks me out, but I still feel refreshed in the morning. And then usually other protein sources I use just combat, which is our blended way. And it's digested and end-time, so it's really easy on my stomach. So really those are the main core products. I do use CLA, use Armour V, I mean I've actually so many supplements. It's not even really fair, right? So I mean the biggest perk to me, sometimes they think it's hanging out at the UFC fights or the athletes or the cool things we could do at the end of the day. I'm like a straight-sultant of my guy, so to me, having unlimited branch chains, there's this of key to my success. Absolutely, so. All right, so that's it with my training, supplementation and nutrition. If you have any more questions, just hit me up a Twitter, muscle farm press, or on my body space. And for more content like this, just check out BodyBloom.com. Don't forget to check out theVity.till.