What's going on guys is CRECORPIRS of the 2012 Body Space folks model mail winner. What we're doing today is going to be my back workout something I call a heavy volume. The way I train to help me get the physique that I have. Today we're going for a hundred reps on the T-bar row. Miss heavy as I can I'm going to fail around fifteen on a first set and as many sets as it takes me to get to that total number. After that we're going to get into some supersets I'm going to be pick about six exercises in total for the set but we're going to do two exercises superset back to back and then we're going to do one static finish. The first set is important because it's going to set the whole weight for the rest of the exercise. I'm looking to get a hundred reps I got six plates on there right now. So what I'm doing fifteen reps today first set that's where I'm aiming to get after it. Hopefully I can get more than fifteen, hopefully I can get fifteen. I think I'm setting my weight accordingly but what's going to happen afterwards we're going to take every single set to failure. I do not know how many is going to take what you're aiming for is six to ten sets. Probably in that range hopefully I can finish within that range if you can't finish. No matter get a hundred reps. This is how most people do it. They got to plate. They're going to use something like this a V-bar row. You're going to wrap it around the bar. They're going to bring it up and they've only got, I don't even put my arms up. It's like a forty, it's not even a forty five degree angle when I get to the top. So I'm going to arrange a motion. What I'm going to do, take an abs rep. I'm going to attach this piece right here. It's going to fit on the end so I'm going to bring it up. Look how much more range of motion I just got. I've got a belt on because the weights heavy you want to support your core. I'm going to be getting after it's going to be pretty hardcore. We'll do some of the exercises later on to slow it down and do a little bit more squeeze out of the exercise. But right now we're going heavy volume. We're going to be taking three minutes rest time in between so I can maximize the squeeze. I'm taking everything to failure at this point. So I'm going to need those three minutes of rest to actually get the weight. Set two, eighty five to go. My good pace. I'll probably finish in seven sets if I can keep up this pace. We've got set three, seven here you go. Fifty five to go. I'm going to keep it in a good 15 reps. See if I can keep on that pace it's getting tough. I was letting it sit down for a minute. This could hold the breath in the weight at the same time. If you need to put it on the ground, you're allowed to put it in the belt. It's a little bit heavy. You need to set an amount of bottom. Pull it up after that. My legs are feeling a little bit. A back and a certain crunch. Arms are giving out. Groups are important right now. I would never be able to hold that weight. I can't talk. I got a rest. Set seven. It's my only because it's the last set. So happy. Hundred. And there we go. We're going for twenty reps a piece, two minutes rest in between. On the other one, I'm gonna be going. It's, you'll see the grip where we're coming in. We're going in the front, we're squeezing out here. All the way up, I wanna stretch them all the way out. That's what you wanna do is stretch full range of motion. Keep the intensity up, I wanna see some sweat on this one as well. We're gonna get after it. That one's killer. Stretch it all the way out, all the way in. We're gonna keep after it, two minutes rest. Second set, 20 reps, here we go. Watch better. Burn it, 20 reps, two minutes rest, next. Third set, boys, we're gonna have to. We're on a super set number two. We're gonna do a low cable incline fly. We're gonna focus on the lats and lower back. We're not going so much up on the rear doubt. You're gonna see me come close. I'm gonna do a little bit of a pause. I rep range, probably 15, if I can get 20, I'll go for it. I actually got no weight on the bar. It's just gonna be whatever the rack holds. And then we're gonna get into over here. We're gonna do a straight bar. I wanna widen my lats as I do these and I'm gonna squeeze them out the same way. Looking for 20 reps on these, two minutes rest in between the total set. I'm gonna rub my chest over the top of this, my feet are on the floor. And when I come up, I wanna squeeze my lower back a little bit. I'm gonna get a little lower back with this exercise. Second set guys, make sure on these, you come up, use your lower back. Get like a back extension on these. It's important. Two minutes rest, last set. Here's how I finish it off. We're gonna do a static pause. We're getting up top, just to burn them out, just to hold it out. Everything you got, you're gonna hold that top squeeze, lower a little bit, lower a little bit. That'll be it. Two sets of those should be done. I'm still strapping up because my grip shop. I'm gonna do a static pause. I'm gonna do a static pause. I'm gonna do a static pause. I'm gonna hold this long as I can all the way up all the way down. I'm not gonna attempt it again, another one like I did last time. I try to hold 10 seconds on each, burn them out. The reason I do these again is being a fitness model and doing different shoots and actually being on stage, you're required to hit a pole and actually hold it out. It's something I actually do in the other part of my routines as well. You want to hold the static pause. You want to be hitting a muscle if you're holding a shot on stage, if you're flexing, whatever you're doing, you're not working out. You're not moving the motion. You're holding the weight, you're holding the spot, you're holding the bicep crow, whatever you're doing is a static pause. So kind of work out that way too. It's like if you're a football player and you're doing football exercises, kind of the same thing. If you're a bodybuilder, you're a fitness model. You're still practicing what you preach in the gym. It's probably gonna help you out. It's probably gonna make you grow, but this is how I train. This is how you're gonna look like me if you want to look like me. For more workout plans, nutrition chips or anything you might need, keep coming back to bodybuilding.com.