I'm CT Vulture and here are my 10 commandments of weightlifting. Command number one! I said I command you to grow and some of you motherfuckers will come up to me and say CT I told my muscles to grow and they wouldn't listen to me. They would not obey me and that is because you do not have the proper mental attitude behind it. If you don't say it with conviction, if you don't fucking mean it then shut the fuck up. You're just wasting breath. You're talking to your goddamn self and they like people up for doing that shit. You must train your goddamn brain. Believe it! Speak it really, really fucking believe it. That is the difference. If you just say it to be saying it or just the copy this, oh motherfuck know it's not gonna work. You have to really, really fucking believe it. Then say it motherfucker. If you ain't gonna say it without believing it, then just shut the fuck up. Fuck up. This is command number two. Listen up motherfucker. Question. Question for yourself. What is impossible? Never accept the limitations of someone else. Somebody told you that it's impossible. Don't even try. Give up before you even fucking try it for yourself. Never accept the goddamn limitation that someone else has placed it on you. These side for your fucking self, what is your limitation? Try it to you son of a bitch. Try it for your fucking self. Then that is the only way. The only fucking way to know if you can't do something. I gave it a fucking try. That's how I know. Get your punk ass in there and give it a try. Command number three. Pain is necessary. It's any scapable. It's no way. Let me out of pain we are born. Pain is a must pain. It is a necessity of growth. Be comfortable with being uncomfortable pain is unnecessary evil. Get used to it motherfucker. Make friends with it and the kick fucking pains. And that way when it comes to take you down you can first start fucking shit off. I'm used to you motherfucker. Bring it on come on pain. Sit your ass down and let's have a fucking lunch together. Me and you pain. Let's do it. Best fucking brings. Command number four. Listen. Listen to your own fucking body. The best judge of what you should and should not do inside the gym is your own fucking body. Learn to listen to it. Learn. It will speak to you. Your body will tell you if a movement or exercise is working. What should I do today CT? Take your punk ass in the gym. I'll go into the gym and if I do a set of curls on the picture bench and that fucking set is feeling exceptionally good. Guess what motherfucker? I'm going to keep doing it. If it's the only fucking exercise I do during that workout, I'm going to keep doing it. Because my body told me that this shit is working that I am beneficial to you. I am gaining from this. My body told me not fucking something glasses motherfucker with a test tube and it's got damn hand. Tell me how to work out. Fuck no. My body told me that this shit feels good. Listen to your body motherfucker. Learn to listen to it. It will tell you what's the perfect rep range. It will tell you the perfect amount to live. It will be your fucking personal training. The man with number five. Pay attention motherfucker. Get a picture. Get a clear picture and your motherfucker in mind of what you want to achieve. Focus. It is so fucking important to be focused. A whissy whissy motherfucker. You need to hide. You need to coo. You fucking in the middle. Fuck I can't stand any indecisive motherfucker. I can't stand a motherfucker that I don't have a test tube. You look forward to the stick with something. Be focused. Pick your goal and stick fucking to it. You wish he watched the motherfucker. I can't fucking stand you. Get the fuck out of my goddamn gym with that bullshit. Focus on what you want and goddamn it don't let nothing stop you from getting it. Commandment number six. Listen up. Change. Changing the routine. Your body is adaptable. It will adapt to the same routine over and over again. Our bodies are magnificent creations. Magnificent machines designed to adapt. We put it through rigorous training and the body is able to adapt to that training. So you must change it up. You must trick the body. You must convince it that this is something new that you must adapt to. Don't get comfortable motherfucker. I got something new to throw it to you ass. And your body will be like shocked. What the fuck is this? Crazy motherfucker did something totally different. I wasn't ready for this shit and he threw it at me and it will be forced to change. And that change will produce a growth. Commandment number seven. Angles are essential to grow what the fuck guy you talking about. See, tea? What do you mean to angle the angles all our bodies are different? We are unique as to where the good lord made us. Your insertions where your muscles connect are different than mine. So therefore we can do the same fucking exercise. You'll feel it at the mid range if you buy a sip. And I'll fucking feel it at the bottom of my buy sip. And we're doing exactly the same goddamn exercise. Why? Who the fuck in different? Do the little different experiment. Don't be afraid to go outside the norm. Outside the book because the perfect angle only the perfect angle for you can be determined by you and how do you do that through trial and fucking error. And the one that feels best. Do that motherfucker is that simple. Commandment number eight. Overloading as defined by CT footage. You can overload the muscles by taxing the fuck out of them by putting extremely heavy weights upon them and forcing them to do that goddamn way. That's one way to overload the muscle. Another way to overload the muscle is by volume. I just come at you so hard with so many motherfucking reps. The overload the goddamn muscle make the muscle uncomfortable. Back is overloading to me. Stress it the fuck out making muscle stretch. God damn him. Fuck. What is this crazy motherfucker coming up with next? I fucking think I'm gonna throw it at me next. One minute he wants me to lip on his goddamn weight. And the next minute he wants me to do throwing the goddamn rest. This psycho son bitch is crazy. He's fucking throwing shit at me. And what does he want me to do? I want to fucking make you a dad. I want to fucking make you change. I'm going back to change overload that fucking muscle. Make it do what you wanted to do. Command that motherfucker because it's yours. Tell it what to do. It must grow. You must grow. I command your podcast. You grow. Command that number nine obsession. It's not just a fucking word that I like to use. I don't care. What it is that you do. If you want to be the absolute best day, I don't give a fuck at the slipping pancakes, washing windows, cutting a fucking grass or taking out the goddamn trash. If you want to be the best at it, motherfucker is nowhere around it. You must be obsessed with the YCT because I'm fucking sad so that's why obsession is any stable as any fucking champion. You dream that shit. You sleep that shit. You eat that fucking shit. You breathe that fucking shit. If you have obsession, it's fucking dead. It's dead. You can taste it without obsession. Your ass will never be great. It's impossible. Fucking obsession is an absolute muscle to greatness. Command that number 10. And this is the good one. I'm big enough. I'm satisfied. Never ever become satisfied. Satisfaction is the death glow. It's the end of the line. You cannot progress farther than satisfaction. Satisfaction is the end of your growth. It's over for you, motherfucker. I am satisfied. I no longer need to struggle. I no longer need to push myself. I'm done. I have reached my goal. Fuck. Satisfaction. Am I satisfied? Not about long fucking shot. If my journey over fuck no, and I fucking will not go quietly until the night. I will go kicking and fucking screaming. Fuck Satisfaction. Fuck it. Those were CT buttiers. Tink Commandments to grow. Follow them. And remember, I command you to grow.