I'm the one that you were told about. I am the one who commands his muscles to grow. I was the be anything but happy. And the land of I'm the one who commands his muscles to grow. I was the be anything but happy. And the land of I'm the one who commands his muscles to grow. Hey you paid here with me. I'm sitting my favorite foot. Fuck that bitch. Here we are beautiful. World famous metrophlex non-vis and guess what? Guess who's in the house today? Bodybuilding.com and the superman from Compton. They ask you to see what is your style. My style is a combination of geosarsic, preacher, Raven, lunatic, all that chicken buying in one. Hold on to your seats, my little fucking food. We're gonna do some spectacular today. We're gonna work arms. Arms. Are you ready? Act like it there. Alright, our first warm exercise that we do is something called random selection. Why do we call it random selection? The man that is doing the exercise has one dive. And that is the key. Pumpkin out, try safety extensions. And sets of 10. The other man will be on the pin. Every time 10 reps are completed, he will change the pin. He will change the pin to whatever the fuck he feels like changing the pin too. That's why we call it a random motherfucker. He will change the pin to different times. For 10 sets, 10 times, 10 way to fuck back when I was in school was 100. Random selection. Let's get it. One set. 100 reps. It won't be as easy as you ride making it look. But you ain't ride my fucker. That's why if you do it yourself, you might have a tendency to take it easy on yourself. But if you have another motherfucker switching to pin, you don't give a fuck about how you're feeling. Then it's random. Come on, Blue Oak. Alright, bye, Svell. Come on, Brad, did it. Woah. Rock,ich? What for, Boo Lo? I guess we can start working out now. Alright, next exercise. Single arms, pizza curler. I love this exercise that allows you to concentrate on your efforts primarily on the body steps and muscles. Hmm. Hmm. Hi, Redweapons. Barrow's tune predicted that the one from Pomp that was come. The Superman from Pomp that would be here. Little today, no. The one is here. Come on, Boo Lo. I was working out with Abba to Einstein. I'm sure you heard of him. Boots of hair, faculty on animal, smudder, fudging. He's fractured my fucking head. He said, sit down, he reps your rubble. He's like, you never have, you know, got them sit like that. I'll rip. You do them to your can't do them, motherfucker. You know, fuck me and so strict. Fuck going by the book. Fuck the book. I was a jeans, but I was just no. There's a little structure. But at the end, the last set of every exercise is until failure until you can't do no fucking more. Albert. So you motherfucking MC squared slide rule of using motherfucking's digital answer. TK, you know, fucking more. That's how I mean. Get it, Boo Lo. Yeah. Get it. Shit. Hey, you don't get it. How do you get it, man? Take my stuff, I want to do. Oh, get this shit. Put this, let's, let's talk something about, let me do a pause, let's get this shit. Dude. Come on, Rob, get it. Woo! Rob, get it. Rob got power. Ooh, the front is motherfucking pole. See. I mean, you're gonna do a boo, Lo. I can't do it, I can't do it. I can't do it, I can't do it. Frinch curls. He's next exercise. Bye to be able to knock on. Keep up. Hey, Carl, let's have Frinch curl. There's an anger I shit to do with curl, and you're gonna be, you're gonna drop it down to your back as far as you're, old ass arm, and let you in my face. Just do this thing. Put the meat in part of the trash, sir. Alright. Back in camping in the garage where I started training, we used to just call them back on. Me and Stone Pony Jim Brick. I never asked that motherfucker how many reps, how many sessions are gonna do. If I was that motherfucker was there, I was gonna be there. My rest bitch, last and long as the cheap, my training partners or partners do they fit. You got to end me, that's the sign of tiffing. If I can get shit at Bullho. Working all heads in the three headed monster, try to fit. I don't know, so just want them to talk to him, with yourself, my mime remind me, I'm 55 year old man. Fuck what I hate, I mean, the prove that damn you know. See, that's when that other boy takes home. My motherfucked ass shit, I'm still got CT motherfuckin' foot. Damn that would be. Hey, you can't deal with me. Hey, you must submit to my wheel. Fuck, pain. That's right, I see the fuck you pay. T-Crues. It's a modified exercise, dumbbell curls and hammer curls. Time of change, you're done with a little twist. And arms will be out to the side. Formant 18, not much weight will be you, but not much weight can be you. Notice how the dumbbells, or cap in the T position. They're uncomfortable, so motherfuckin' uncomfortable exercise. Every day it's probably funny, comfortable. Big ride doing a T-Crues. Legend, dare me, boo, low. Everybody know him. Come on, Rod, dude. There we go. Exercise number four. Two positions kick out. I do have a number for you motherfuckin'. We will do 20 repetitions in this position. Man, without taking a rest or a pole. We will switch position to the overhead kickback. And perform another 20 repetitions. All right, first position, cross body. And I don't have to remind you motherfuckin' my elbow. It's fucked up. You're gonna talk about me, not fully extant. It's time to take motherfuckin'. Two. First 20 down. Without getting up. A resting, I'm calling you, my momma. You're here up and on the telephone. Same thing, other side. If you keep the tricep, slain it toward the rear. Toster tension, even in the lock-up position. The tricep was under stress. Oh, fuck that fit up again. Get it, boo-lo. That good, didn't boo-lo. Carving our bodies. Out of pressure and blood. To be different, distinct and individual. I don't want to fit in your mouth. Mother fuck your mouth. 32 year love affair with this shit. Never cheated on, I'm not once. Three this shit. I ain't in my mother fucking bones. Two thousand five they spit me open. And put a motherfuckin' metal bag inside my heart. So motherfuckin' when I tell you I got iron in my heart. I mean that shit literally. I don't want to be at it. Fuck that shit. Three position, pull-ups. Three position reverse grip pull-ups. They will be done. Three position. Why? Medium and close. Three position pull-ups for biceps motherfuckin'. Come on, boo-lo. Demonstrate. Medium grip. Good guy damn boo. Look at him go. Finally, close grip. Yeah buddy. You think that shit's easy? Well, I got to have a take your prepped to meet nads over there and try to see that. It is not easy. Your biceps will be fucked up. Medium grip. Close grip. Ha ha ha ha. Medium and two hundred seventy five pounders. You see doing each fucking reverse grip pull-up. Underbar. By the heat motherfuckin' was gon' be doing this. That ain't it. You hear must go under the bar. Hmm. Have your head is over the bar. Are you even even with the bar? You are doing it incorrectly. Must go under. No way. Fuck you try to set up. You'll notice that some reps, I do with my hands in a medium position for added tension or little extra twifts filled with the hands close together. I'll try to set up. Maybe try to have the hip out. You will fall the fuck flat on your face. Get it, Bullo. The diamond. You will see we have five sets of dumbbell lined up in order. heaviest of light. We will start by doing 20 repetitions with the heaviest dumbbell. And a progression, 20, 20, 20, five different dumbbells, five sets. And as a reward for successfully completing the first 100 repetitions, we will be in the beginning, the descent back and reverse order. So, an all-in-all. One set. We'll consist of 200 repetitions. Challenge yourself. Don't look for the fucking easy way. Now you motherfuckers are already bouncing it off the floor. No, what happened is we touched the floor. They want to make sure that we're going all the way down. Everybody is different. Some of you motherfuckers are pretty strong. And some of you not. It's okay. The way the stills tip, to make it even playing feel for everybody is effort. Effort can be given a 100%. 200 reps along the way your mind will have time to play tricks on you. Your mind will have time to sneak a, I can't do this sitting your head. But me doing something good job on the first 100 reps. Rob is going to reward me by letting me do another 100. Thanks Rob. That is where I tell you how important mental power is. How important your will, your spirit. How important it is to be able to say, I'm going to do this shit. I don't give a fuck if it does hurt. I'm still going to make it through. My wheel is strong and it's still my desire to be the best. Right through the pump. Right through that motherfuckers pump, right up. Lactic acid is built up like a motherfucker. Right through that shit. At T-shirt, tight there motherfuckin' now. Come on, boo, low. Fist this guy damn shit, boo, low. Wetch money, do motherfuckers is coming in. Say, not me. Alright, buddy, build them.com. You got a chance to witness a little of what we do over here at Met Your Square. All you motherfuckers out there in, Bodybuildup.com land. Try to sit at home. Everyone use the best supplements on the fucking planet. Muts of farm motherfuckers. To get the entire workout and hang out with the big boys and rarefire at air, Bodybuildup.com.