I'm David Otando, WWE superstar, lawyer and actor. I earned my bachelor's degree in psychology from the University of Illinois, and following that, I managed to co-ordinate neuroscience lab at Columbia University. Now after that, I went to Harvard for law school. And after earning my JD at Harvard, I landed in job at the top law firm in Chicago, so they started to work with me. And then reality TV came calling. So I started in VH1's, I love New York too. So after that, it's like, why this newfound fame, what should I do? I want to become a professional wrestler. I'm going to Harvard Law School, Biggest, Oh Scumgall! The next step was the WWE. I debuted in 2010 in the New Show NXT, and now I'm a star and raw and smacked out. So I'm about to leave, and it's all about your outlook. It's you, I see you know one, you look at me, and you see it so. I didn't always look like I do today. Growing up as a kid in Illinois, I was short, I was a sholy, I had thick glasses, and make things worse. I did pretty well at school, so I got labeled a smart kid, actually a smart sholy kid with a thick glasses. So kids used to make fun of me all the time, a calming age, like nerd and door glitch. Actually don't really sound like that bad of insults, but at the time, they really affected me, and people used to just push me around. And I looked around and I would see these other kids who weren't getting a big dime, and you seem like everybody was just so athletic and so buff. And I wasn't. I was like, I don't understand what I'm doing wrong or what they're doing right. I got into my head, what if I start working out? I can have those muscles too, I just seem to start training. It's around my freshman year, I decided, alright, I'm going to start taking the gym seriously. But I didn't know where to start, so my best friend, Rob, his older brother, had an old weight set. It was the old plastic coated cement, basically. And so I got a couple of those from him in an easy curl bar, and I just started out to an easy curls. Every night I would do sets of 10 sets of 10 sets of 10, that was my thing. And then the next night I would do push-ups, 10 sets of 10, and then I would slowly increase it. And I did this for maybe three or four weeks, and I kind of felt better by necessarily seeing a difference. And then I remember one day during the summer, Rob and I were at the mall, and we saw these girls from school. And I knew one of them, she was an upper classman, and happened to me one of the same classes with me. This girl comes over to me and she's like, hey, David, what are you even doing? And she grabbed my arm and she's like, you're starting to get muscles in your arm. I was shy, that's waiting. What? She's like, oh, you're showing your muscles in your arm. She's like, did this girl just compliment me and say that I had muscles in my arm? That was it. All I could think about in my head was, oh my gosh, it's working. It's working and people are seeing my results. And after that, I couldn't even, you know, hang out at the mall. I wanted to go straight home, and hit more push-ups and more curls, because now I knew it was working. I was going to be able to be able to be even that much more. And from then on, it was like my thing. I would come home from school every day. Before I did my homework, I would work out, work out for an hour or two, and then hit the books every day. It's amazing what I think about it, just that one single compliment led to so much, because after that, working out became my lifestyle. You know, I did this every day through school in high school. And then when I went to college, I already was in a great routine, so I thought, why mess it up? Let's keep going. And there was a gym right by my dorm, so I would go every day and work out and then study. I carried it all the way through law school. Even when I worked at the firm, I used to take my lunch breaks and go straight to the gym. Come back, eat my chicken breast, let my lunch table and work the rest of the night. And then even now, the crazy thing is working out has become my life. That's my job. It's a WWE wrestler. Part of it is working out and having a great physique. And then now I'm doing so many other things in bodybuilding and fitness. And I sit back and I just think, wow, it's so cool that all of this came from me just deciding I wanted to change, and I wanted to build some muscles. And then somebody complimented me and let me know that it was working. Being a professional wrestler, I have to be in top physical condition. I mean, what we do in there takes so many years of practice, conditioning, you get strength. I mean, you name it. It's one of the hardest things I've ever done in my life. I mean, basically, I get my bucket every night. In different cities all over the world, I'm getting my bucket every day. But the same time, I have to look good. You and me and I know that I get my bucket in the next night. So I have to be in shape and my body needs to be able to stand. And so because of that, I have to be able to train around injuries and to make sure that I stay injury free. Now, I don't know how much you guys know what goes into becoming a WWE superstar. But on the average, I have to work out five to seven days a week. Luckily, I'm able to find a gym everywhere we go. That's my first priority. As soon as I land and get off the plane, the first thing I do is go to the gym and work out. Even if I have a match that night, I know that I need to work out. So I work out hard, but I'll give myself enough time to rest up before the match. My week starts on Wednesdays. I usually fly home Wednesday morning and on my way home from the airport, I stop by the gym and I train legs. Now, Wednesdays, I'm super tired because I always take the first flight home, but this is my toughest workout in these legs. And I just can't breathe. Next day is Thursday. This is typically a chest day. And I'll go in and I'm resting and I have a great workout. Now, the next day is Friday. Friday is I usually fly back out on the road to do live events. The first thing I'll do is I'll find a gym. And typically, this is going to be a back day. It's going to be heavy dead lifts and all kind of rows. Then I'll have to show that night and then we'll drive to the next city, which I'll take us to Saturday. I'll sleep for a few hours, wake up, first thing I do. I find a gym. And now it's going to be chest. It's going to be upper chest and shoulders. You know, hammer this out. We're going to have to show that night. And then I'm going to drive to the next city and how it's Sunday morning. I may take Sunday morning off because our shows are earlier, but I'll still try to get in the gym. And this might be something small even if it's just abs or calves or cardio. But I usually like to get in there and do something. And we have to show Sunday night and then I'll drive to Raw for Monday. First thing I do, go to the gym. Now my cycle has repeated. So there's no excuses in my book. If I can go, anybody can go. I train pretty much like a bodybuilder. I've always considered myself a bodybuilder at heart. You know, that's how I got into training also. It was reading a lot of the bodybuilding magazine. So I'll go in with a specific muscle group. I want to work that day. I typically use moderate volume like 8 to 12 reps and probably about five to six working sets per exercise. However, this changes depending on how my body feels that day and whatever injuries I'm working around. Which is only the thing. I'm very fluid with my workouts and my plans. I know what I want to do. I know a body part, but the exercises aren't etched and stone. Let's say for example, I'm going to do arms. And I go in there and I'm thinking of making straight bar curls. But that look over and they have a really cool, pre-tri-girl management. Wow, I like them. Okay. Maybe I'll go and I'll hit that. Or maybe they have the arm black. So I know what he uses, but I love how grab that. And I'll just crank out some sets. And I'll get a great pump doing what I felt like doing. If I forced myself to go to the straight bar curls, I wasn't really feeling that hot about that day. So I'm very big on if something's telling me to do that, I'll go and do it. And I also believe in when I'm doing an exercise. Sometimes I'll do a lot of sets. Like, I might hit my six working sets and still really into that. I'm really feeling the city that might must have connections there. I'll just keep going. I might be 10 sets. A big part of being professional wrestler is your endurance and your win. You have to have great endurance, great cardio-bass, good conditioning. However, I don't really enjoy doing cardio. So the best way I do it is in the gym. I short my respire. I finish the set and I put the weights down just long enough to get a few deep breaths. And then I'm right back out of the next set. And it keeps your heart rate up a whole time. My respire is anywhere between 30 to 60 seconds. So I'm constantly moving into gym. And one of the things I started doing was when I heart rate modern. So to see what the zone is, I wanted it in the beats per minute. And I try to keep it there. And so I'll check and I'll see, okay, I'm dropping a little bit, I'll do a set of jumping jacks even, and then start the next set. And I always have to have my music. I cannot train without music. And I have my playlist set up depending on what the workout is. And I have certain songs that are more intense. They build up an intensity. By the time I'll get to certain exercises and certain sets. Each workout I go into, I usually have a goal depending on what it is. And I want to outdo my previous workout. Now it isn't always more weight. It might be more reps with a certain amount of weight. Or it might be getting my heart rate up faster or getting more quality reps in a certain exercise. But there's always something that I'm reaching for because I mean, you need some motivation. I look at myself in the mirror a lot. Like I'm always in front of the mirror studying myself. And I see what I want to work on. Say I want to build more definition of my triceps. I'll go right to the mirror and you just do push downs right in and just watch it the whole time. Look at it. And just imagine how I want to look. It looks great. You know, just in the mirror and just write their flux in. And it's like, that's what drives me is to have the best body I can. And if I see something on my body, I want to change. I do it. I want to keep going. Maintaining a healthy physique, you know, starts in the gym, but that's only one or two hours out of your day. It's what you do with the rest of the 22 hours of your day. Now a lot of that is going to be eating. So a nutrition is so important. I think nutrition is as important as making 78% of, you know, you're overall healthy. I don't view it as everything on a diet because I'm not. This is my lifestyle. I eat healthy. I eat like this 360 five days a year. I have to because of my profession. I always have to be a top physical shape. Whether I'm on TV or whether I'm at a live event. And the people come up to me in the airport. They know who I am. They see David O'Tongue. They know they're expecting me to be ripped. I have to be ripped. I mean, what if they want to see my abs or something like that? I got to be ready. I can't say, oh, you know, give me a few weeks. And I never know what opportunities going to come. You know, what a photo shoot may pop up. So I tried to stay ready. Specifically the high protein diet to help look muscle. All lean meats, you know, low fat and moderate car wide drinks. Usually after complex car wide drinks like sweet potatoes, oats, fried vegetables and greens. I try to plan my meals when I have schedule for that day. So obviously the first time I try to do this workout. So I'll either go on a empty stomach if I have never seen you to work out for a week or the morning. What if I know it's going to be later on in the day? Usually have oatmeal. What's going to help fuel my workout later on? Now immediately after the gym, immediately after my workout, I have a protein shake. And now I start for about 50 grams of protein, branched in amino acids and some fast-acting carbohydrates that I'm too. And then about an hour later, I have another meal. It's usually going to be probably some meat, chicken breast or lean and fish of any of the lot. It's a lot pillating with some sweet potatoes. And then about two and a half of the hours later, I have another meal. And this is a lot of times staying. And also depending on what time it is, how alter the carbs. I may have sweet potatoes or something else but then. If I know it's getting later in the day, it might just be vegetables or a salad. And if you've been the following meal, it's going to be pretty much the same. But now the carbs are almost completely cut out. So it's just going to be the meat. But I always eat creamy throughout the week. And then I'll give myself like a cheat meal. Sometimes it's a cheat day. Because you know, I'll get on live at three-year-old son and he wants to have pizza hamburgers or ice cream. And so I want to be able to enjoy that way. And also it helps keep my sanity. Like it's my reward for eating so helping throughout the week. I can kind of relax a little. Self-lementation is a huge part of nutrition as well. I mean, you try to get all your vitamins and minerals in the salad we do eat, but it's difficult to do that. So taping supplements will help you supplement it. But for example, protein. I need to re-segram reporting per pound of body weight. So for me, that's about 250 grams of protein each day. If you're on the run, you may not have time to sit down to have any nutritious meal. You may look around at all you see as fast food. But if you have your protein powder there, you can have a quick shake. And that's going to keep your metabolism going. It's going to keep your protein intake up. And it's going to help you build muscle and fight that at the same time. But then there's also things that you need more of like branch-chain amino acids. You know, a huge believer in those. And you normally get those to stake. But like I said, there's only so much stake you can eat. But if you get the powdered for me, you can mix that right in your protein shake. So easy. And then a multi-vite, I think everybody should take a multi-vite. I just recently started taking it like the past couple of years. But I wish I had been doing it before. It was going to feel so much better. And fish oils, that's another one that's great. It's great just for your joints and actually will help you lose body fat as well. If I had to recommend only three supplements, I would say number one above all is protein. You need protein. Weight protein, casein protein, doesn't matter. But you need protein. Number two, I'm going to say the branch-chain amino acids. You need that to go along with the protein to get the full benefit of it. And number three, this is what I have been using a long time, but creating, creating fast-baked works, you know, like, if you're just looking to get big, creating actually will help and you'll notice a difference from it. For guys to start not getting into the gym, I can't stress how important supplements are. Like, I noticed that when I first started working out, I wasn't taking a supplement or even, you know, taking my nutrition seriously at all, but I was still growing. However, once I realized the value of good nutrition and, you know, supplementation, I just started growing like crazy and I loved it. One of the biggest things I can stress is, do your research. I mean, know what your goal is, know what you're trying to do, or you're trying to build muscle, or you're trying to tone up, or you're trying to lose fat, try to build endurance, whatever it is. You can do it, but do your research and learn about it, find out what other people are doing, who have been successful at that, find out what supplements they're taking, you know, but always do your research at the best answer I can give anybody. Bodybuilding and fitness and working out is added so much to my life. It's helped me to reach dreams that I never thought were possible. It helped me to work hard in school, helped me to work hard in work, and even in athletic endeavors and in WWE, but also, it's helped me even in acting. Like, I look at it when I get a scene and say, okay, this is an exercise, and I'll hit it with different sets and reps going through my lines, went through my lines. And also, since then, I've had appearances on Oprah talking about, you know, my transformation and just following my dreams and everything that I've done, they cooked my own appearance on Oprah. I mean, obviously my fiance is trying to put her in, and so I've been on it with her before, but it was a major moment for me, but I booked my own appearance to talk about reaching my own dreams. So I encourage all of you out there, reach for your dreams, whatever it is, go after it, have a teetone fitness, if it's transforming your body, go after it, you can do it. And I'm always here if you have questions, you can reach me on my Twitter, at David Otunda, the API-D, OXE, UNGA, I love it, it's your questions about fitness and nutrition. You can find me on Facebook and you can check out my body space, and also, you can see me every week, a Monday night Raw on USA Network, and also on Friday night SmackDown on Sci-Fi. And if you want to get more David Otunda content, check out BodyBilly.com. Thank you.