I always say to people about the mentality of a body, but you have to have something has to be triggered inside. You can't be normal. You know, you have to have that satisfaction of never being satisfied because you always want to be better. You always want to better physique. You have to push yourself beyond limitations. You look at some guys that potentially could be the best physique in the world, but they don't have the mental capability to push themselves. Mentally you have to be, I think a little crazy. You don't understand the benefits of being a normal person, so you look at someone like me who can't try to close off the shelf. You can't eat normal places to eat. You can't ride in certain size cars. You can't ride in certain size airplanes. You're going to hotels overseas to stay in small beds, trying to fit in small showers. It's hard to shop. It's hard to go out to eat. It's hard to travel. When you're 290 pounds, it's very difficult to do a lot of things. You know, you're so abnormal. I mean, it's compared to what people used to see. People laugh as they just never see anyone. So huge. It's hard to hide it. I don't wear big baggy clothes. A lot of times I wear more form-fitting stuff. People don't. It's not the norm. You're certain places we've brought, and you're like, I want to be there. And this is one of those places. I came to Vegas the first time in 97. I fell in love with it. That was before I was built up even the way it is now. But what other place can you go in 24 hours a day? You just wake up and decide, I want to go do this. I want to go do that. I want to eat. I want to go workout. I want to go see a movie. You know, I want to go to the supermarket. I want to go eat at this restaurant. You know, it's just you can do anything you want pretty much. You're going to have sushi till 6 in the morning. I don't know any place in the world really that that's, you know, on a consistent basis that you can do that stuff. I like the fast temple of Vegas. I couldn't live in a slow environment. People always ask me, you're going to move back to my, I could never go back to the slow base, you know. People ask me, how do you train and focus in Vegas when there's so many outside things pulling at you on that? I think that I thrive on that. I love to be able to know that most people can't do that. You know, I love to be able to have that at my fingertips, even though I never take advantage of it. It gives me more drive, being in a place that's so actively, just crazy and I'm still so focused on what I do. It's kind of like the opposite thinking a little bit. Here we are. What's up guys? What's going on man? All right, pull ups. Shirts off. Kelly, you're getting all swall dull. I have to do something for the Olympia. Put bodybuilding.com in the back of my head. Jake, cut their trainer. I'm being over like a couple of times. So I'm taking it down. Yeah, I can do it. I'm going to see my face too. Keep it up. Yeah, just a little tight, you know, tight at the bottom. Nice and clean. Like, like a tape, right? You know, I find myself nowadays. I don't even touch my hair in the morning. I get up. That's what my hair looks like. Then I jump in the pool. Traveling and being Jake holiday. It's not an easy thing. Everywhere you go, you're noticed. And of course you're in demand. People say, what are you do for a living? I said, I eat sleep a train. That's it. I kind of joke like that. Because it does seem like that a lot of times, but there is some fun built in there. But I never looked at myself and said, I'm so obsessed. Because I always seem to have some sort of balance in there and I always realized that this is a career. And obviously if you go at it, full tilt all the time, you're going to burn yourself down. So you have to set a certain pace for yourself to the point where you're continually moving forward and being great. You want to do that? You want to do that? You want to do that? You want to do that? No, I'm going to pick a shot. I'm going to pick a shot. I'm going to pick a shot. The Olympic chair. We should get it. All right, I need your help. What's going on with the shirts? I just called Kevin actually. So he is going to call me back. He's going to be there. Everything should be done this week. I know what this week, meaning. What tomorrow, Wednesday, the latest. I always honest at that, I believe they're done. Usually, like I show up at like what he wants to do? No, 9 in 10. He wants to show up. 9 in 10. The depends if he goes out the night before. No, I don't even go out anymore. I just work at night. Every day is different. I say, pay this bill. You're going to call these people. It's literally I sit in a kitchen and I scream to him, hey, do this. You know, so he's trying to do a job that probably takes three or four people. And for a 21 year old kid to be able to do that, like, I mean, it takes a lot of his time. He works six days a week, at least, you know, sometimes seven. You know, when you think you've seen someone work hard, like, all the way, he works hard. And then you meet someone like Jane, you're like, this is a whole other ball game. You know, it's not like we're operating a huge operation over here. I mean, we're running out of my house and my garage. And yes, there's a lot of space. But, you know, we have, we have day to day things. And we need to get done. And I'm only home on certain times. I traveled this year extensively. And I, we had one or two days to get stuff done when I was home. And we rely on other people and it's impossible to do that. So we try to do everything, you know, on our own. What do I overnight that I've never, overnight? Anything. I know you like to spend money. Dude, I see how much a cost, a cost, a 35 bucks a cent in the imposter. No, it doesn't. What do you talk? A cost, a 35 bucks that one poster cost. I saw it. Did I not see a star? No, it didn't cook in 35 dollars. I'm sure you write it. What did I say about that poster that day? Don't lie. Yes, I have just seen a set of that. Well, you said that. I have no choice. That's what they choose. Oh, what kid was it a poster in the large one? No, it was a poster by itself. Yes. And a cost 35 dollars. Yes. Okay. I'll pull it up right now. And if it's $35, then you can have your pay. Yeah, my child. You have my whole shit in the commodity of pay. Don't start money. I'm in a bad mood that even Larry said I came out in a bad mood this morning. And that's the thing. You run with the crew and this time when we play and this time when we work. And this is this is all business now. I mean, this is, I admit, half my life is play time. Three quarters of my life is play time. But when it comes down, it can get a business. And the business is now, mean, there's no, we have no time for fun. You know, I've been a four-time champ, you know, and I've been six-time runner-up. And I'm the greatest bodybuilder ever. There's no question. I feel that I'm the greatest. I still want to compete at my best, even at the age of a mad. And, you know, people say, past your prime. I mean, I don't know if there's any past your prime. When I'm still competitive, you don't want to think about that. You're not going to go into a show and say, well, I'm past my prime. I'm just doing it for the, you know, just to stand up there. That's not how an athlete or a champion bodybuilder, you know, trains for a competition or things. They always want to think about winning and being your absolute best. There is no failure at this point. You know, they've done it all. There's never going to be a day to pass. Because that I'm going to step out and people are going to know who Jay Color is. I don't see it ever happening. Brian, what's up? Oh, no. Now I'm back in Vegas for the week. I think Dave's coming next this coming weekend. He's going to shoot some training stuff. And then I shoot with Bernal next week. I think for some features. Hey, what's the name of that pizza place next to? Kyzen. I like more lounge type places like hide lounge at Belageo. Monique or trust at the win. I don't go to Strip clubs. I got a stripper pole. My bedroom. I don't need a strip clubs. You know, when you have like 30 something in its thighs and you've had 22 and a half in charms and you've got a 19 inch neck and a broad shoulder. It's difficult to find things. Are the then tank tops and shorts? Everything's custom. I mean, I can't fit into normal sleeves. Obviously, the dress shirts are tailored. You know, like the button up shirts. My suit jacket is I think of 58 or 60 or something like that. I mean, it's crazy. If you look at what's considered an ideal drop to a manufacturer of suits, it's a six inch drop. That's a difference between your chest and your waist. I've got some guys that, you know, are fairly serious body builders and they've got a 10 inch drop. And Jay has 20. It kind of defies the physics of what you can do with fabric, you know, in a constructed sense to go from here to here. All right. Jay, you're going to go to work. I want to stop and tell you now, remember. Okay. Okay. This is 54. And we're 57. That's big difference. Feet together. Wow. That's about five inches less Jay. That's pretty serious. I won my first Olympia heavier than I weigh right now. There was convenient against Ronnie and how. I mean, what I came back in one in 2009, I was 254. It's all illusion. 37 actual thigh 29 19 good flex 21 and a half. You've lost a lot of weight. So we're going to we're going to be doing some different things here. So we're going to be full body and we're going to. Yeah. It's hard to hide it. You know, that's the one thing about being a professional bodybuilder is where other people can hide, you know, athletes, you know, unless they're like real real famous faces, you just can't hide the physique. I mean, and the thing is, like, you know, a lot of bodybuilders changed from on season to off season. Like, I don't change a whole lot. I'm pretty much visible. The hairs the same. The face stays the same, you know. And on my unique look for a lot of the bodybuilders, you know, you know, there's not a lot of huge, you know, big blonde white guys, you know. Oh, look at all those. Yeah. I'm going to pop them after. How about a girl? My God. You're like a chia pet. You know, I never had hair on my back until I started shaving, you know, when I got ready for my first show when I was 18. It's like when I started shaving my back, it's like I turned it to gorilla. Larry told me to do nair. Let's bless this shot. I'm not telling you I should shave my armpits. Yeah. And Larry! I need your help! Larry! Do I need to shave my armpits? Oh, no. You got it. You're good. She's good. You sure? Yeah. Now look at my hair. There's nothing in there. Am I lower back, you did too? You know, when you're my size, you never think you're small. But I like the way I look now. You know, I'm always in decent shape, but I always check myself out. I never look at my face though. I'm always like the physique. You know, it flex the abs and the... Oh. Oh. Ah. It's... Ah. Oh. Ready? Oh. Yeah. As you've seen the progression, you know, almost 50 years of bodybuilding in the Mr. Limpi competition. You know, we saw the days are on over. They weren't so good. So condition or so big. And nowadays, I mean, the guys are so big and so condition. There's so many variables and bodybuilding has become so scientific and trying to tune the body into, you know, show the best conditioning with the most size. Ah. Have I gotten too big? Oh, bodies. I made to be as strong as I guess that Mr. Limpi competitors become. With my shape, I start an operation without special X-ray algorithm, easy 29 times as less like lighting spells. But... Look! We're gonna treat every gun as if it's loaded at all times even if you know it's unloaded. Always keep your trigger finger off the trigger till you're on target and ready to fire. And always keep the gun pointed to save the rest. If it any time, you hear someone call out ceasefire. We stop shooting to take a finger off the trigger, put the gun down on the counter step back away from the pressure body. By the way, forward, it helps you to absorb the recoil. You're a fighting game, you're scared. Who won? Sing a shot? Good luck. You can never teach anyone training advice. It's always the business, because everyone wants to make the money. They want to be a superstar and look like a superstar. The magazine's exposed you as a superstar because you're featured with the muscles in the look, you know. But financially, they want the backup of that. And that's what I have. I have all the tools to create that and a lot of people have come to me for that opportunity. Yeah, we may stumble, but we always land higher and get to where we need to be. Even when I was smaller, I hate to say small, but I look at these guys that still say, I'm still the best and still the greatest and still the biggest name and bodybuilding. Back up the show. Good luck. It's going to take a look. Taken out, suck it out, suck it out, suck it out. Mentally, you have to be able to look crazy. You approach me listening to what's the secret, what's the secret? I don't like eating anything. If you ask me what my favorite food is, I don't have a favorite food. I don't look forward to eating meal at all. You're a living legend. That's what's amazing. What do you do? I'll tell you, Jay Colors, good to talk.