I am an idiot, it's official. I just went to upload the video onto the computer to send over to the bodybuilder.com headquarters and when I wake myself earlier, I don't know where that video is. I either didn't record it or I've accidentally deleted it so I'm weighing myself again after a meal now. I've just got a t-shirt on and some of these like are there not going to weigh in if much. So let's just see, can we see that a little bit down? So 89, 89. So first day we have legs. I love starting a week with a challenge. Unfortunately I'm not dressed in the entire that I'm used to that I like to wear as you can see here. I'm wearing some pretty fancy like her. Not something that I like to wear at all but when I was getting ready for the triathlon I was wearing this and because of my hamstring tear my physio and specialist recommended that I wear compression short compression pants whenever I'm doing exercise to begin with until I'm fully rehabbed. So I'm really not going to make a habit of wearing these. I'm going to try them for the first day because today's my first day doing legs. Welcome to day one of the muscle building trainer we're here in Mumbai this time. Thanks to Alexia Fitness by pretty it's going to be a very fun experience especially for me because I haven't trained for four months now because of injury and rehab so being the first week you are going to get exceptionally sore especially if you're a beginner but you should use that as a motivational factor that you are transforming. Your body is evolving. You're going to have little muscle fiber tears and the only way you're going to repair is through eating adequate amount of protein rest recovery branch genamine o acids. I'm taking my pre-workout now I'm ready to get into this workout so I'm just going to talk about the training program that we're going to be following for this week. It's going to be week one of Y3T so there'll be progressive work throughout the 12 weeks where the program is going to change week by week, week one of the Y3T being mainly compound movements which is going to be great because it's going to help our secondary muscle fibers and secondary groups and our core stabilizers to prepare ourselves. Especially for next week as we hit more isolation movements it'll help prepare the tendons, the ligaments, the movements, the stabilizers so we can better isolate in week two and then obviously in week three we just hit the annihilation week. All right so let's get straight into this leg and ab workout. Okay that's our warmups done now we'll get straight into the first set with the Y3T. Rep range is going to be about to 8 to 12 legs feel okay hamstring feels okay the torn hand string lungs unconscious of it and obviously I'm a lot lot weaker than what I'm used to because I got less muscle as I grow more muscle or be stronger. So just make sure when you're doing this that we're doing just a shoulder with a stance and you push it through your heels if you push your toes you will have more pressure placed on your knees and obviously we want to protect our knees as a perfect weight then for failure reach failure right on about 11 to 12 reps. Could have rest paused to get a couple more reps out but I think now is absolutely perfect especially for the first week get the feel of it activate the fibers get prepared for the war. So only hit 10 reps so obviously for to get started sat in a little bit that's okay lungs we reach failure. What feels really good is that my hamstring feels fine it gives me the confidence that I can push it that much more a little bit next week and then I can comfortably wear something a little bit more comfortable in as I posted these leg like Chris. Not that I've got air thin wrong with anything against Kai Green or any of the body builders of the 80s it just feels a bit odd feel like a family wear and stuff. When you do an hacks what again make sure that you push in through your heels not few toes there's not too much pressure on your knees it's a little bit more emphasis throughout everything glutes in your hamstrings as well or and on the quads but not as much so you join. I have my heels of a fisted since apart on this just to make sure that we really accentuate you know just sweep off the quad so you get that split between the hamstring and the quad. Good job that I did like the load because we only just got I think it's 10 reps out of that one. That's you're really quick but that's good. No breaking down on my saltissio. Long as we're feeling injury free we're good lucky that Neil didn't put any more sets on there because I feel cooked on that but it's good everything feels fine so I know I can go all out next week won't be any talking next week This is an exercise at Neil Hill come up with hence what it's called hills squats so really targets your boots and hamstrings more than air thin you have to really make sure that you find a center of balance focus on one particular thing keep your back as straight as possible if anything it feels like you're leaning back just to make sure that you're keeping your back aligned and pushing everything through your heel so you can really fire your hamstrings and quads and normally when you go on to the second leg it is a little bit tougher because you are a little bit pre-fitting from the first set and again from weight training obviously it's a different type of thing as a lot of the cardio training that I've been doing this is obviously training legs we're playing a lot of oxygen that's just a bit of a shock system first we go not first day or not only got 12 workouts man even got 12 leg workouts to totally change your shape make every rep count make every set count count them make a count so to begin with we do four sets of the stiff leg in their lives here one performing this remember your legs are supposed to be locked and instead of just focusing on bending over push your hips back so you bend and over putting all your weight through your heels pushing your hips back and allowing the steel cables that you should be imagining in the back your hamstrings pulling your back up up So I just did 12 reps on the first set. The next 4 sets are Manusus squeeze out 10 reps. Do you know about a 3 second negative about 2 second positive on that? Just to really make sure to accentuate the squeeze. Obviously you can all turn it exercises that are similar that will target that muscle group. So if you don't have a seated, do the line. We have 4 working steps on here to perform three more. We're going to about 12 reps, I just did 12 repetitions there. We're a good exercise to start with the carb. It's great for the fillet. A piece of muscle that runs on the neutral gastronenias. One, two, improve the blood flow and the elasticity of that muscle. I find that you're able to develop the gastronenias that much more. So we're doing the prone leg press here for carbs because we don't have a standing calf machine in this gym. If you have a standing calf, that is your next exercise. Whatever it is, it's a long-term leg straight. You're going to hit your gut feeling and slip the target. We've finished half of the body, hit in legs. Now we're just going to go up to the natural bit of abs. The exercise that I'm performing here, I call it the three point lying leg raise. So we're hit both ends and the middle portion. That's why generally you call it three point. I'll generally hit abs more often when I'm putting on weight than if I'm on a fat loss diet. Because with the more foods that we're eating on a mass-filled diet, the more chance I'm getting a little bit of the tension. Obviously if you're like a stomach, we don't want that. Well, make sure that we got abs. We've got a flat stomach, we've got a tight transverse. Now we're just going to do straight incline raises. Just directly up and down now. You can use an incline, normal bench at a slight angle. Just so you increase your resistance a little bit. And nice and slowly with the negative and the positive. Make sure that you really bring your lower back off at the bench and feet up towards the ceiling. It's a really target, your lower abs. Really get that deep contraction. You can use them and do a hundred reps. You know, all you can really contract, break down that muscle fiber and isolate it and do like ten repetitions and get better results. So we finished that now. What we're going to do is have our postwork out shake. So this is when I have my uncaged straight up my workouts. I want my branch chains. I want my glutamine. I want my loose scene. I want all the recovery agents that I can possibly get my hands on after a tough workout like that. Then I immediately follow this with my cardiovascular exercise because it assists with recovery. We're trying to put on weight. We need a flush this area with oxygen rich and nutrients rich blood. It's getting to three minutes now. So now I'm going to increase the speed for one minute. For that one minute, it really rates your heart rate. Obviously the 50 you are. The heartier you're going to have to push it. You can choose whatever cardiovascular exercise you do. Whether it's a treadmill, electrical, stay a master, crossfit, whatever it is. Just make sure it's three minutes lower intensity, but you still push in it. But then for that one minute, you need to be pushing a tough. You need to be kicking it. So, that's day one in the bags. It's a first time that I trained in this gym. So I was trying to wrap my head around the new equipment. Feeling extremely uncomfortable with the lycra. Anyway, I won't be wearing these bloody things again. It felt really good to be back into the gym. I'm motivated. I can't wait to get this muscle growing now. Being the first week you should be entirely prepared with your Tupperware containers, with your groceries that you're filling your cupboard. Get rid of the crap that's in your cupboard, so you don't have any temptation to eat any shit. You need to be eating and fueling yourself on this growth phase with clean calories. So now I'm having my egg whites, my pineapple, my pomegranate, and my oats. And that's what I like to eat. I like to have fish, I like to have egg whites, and maybe a heavier meat. You're not allowed to miss one single meal on this plan now. So I've got all my meals here, prepared from yesterday. Being the Sunday, it was a good time for me to prepare. So I've had a couple of meals already. Obviously now I've got some egg whites, some pineapple, pomegranate, and some gluten-free oats. I eat gluten-free, I don't have to. I've got my salmon and my sweet potato in there. And I've got some more salmon and quinoa, or couscous. I sometimes eat in there. And then I have my last meal, which is my steak meal, with some green vegetables in there. No carbs in that meal. And pretty much that is it, making sure that I'm drinking absolutely minimum. A gallon of water a day, because here in Mumbai gets humid. And I sweat my ass off in the gym anyway. Remember our bodies are about 70-80% fluid. We need to be hydrated to get full output. So that's it, make sure that you're on track with your nutrition. Get all your meals in today. Tomorrow we're going to be hitting the gym. For what meals got written down, chest and triceps. Get a good night's sleep. And I'll see you here tomorrow in the gym for chest and triceps. Rock on. Day one is in the books. And I'm absolutely knackered to be honest with you. Did training today, which took a close to about an hour and a half to get through legs. And abs. And then did some high intensity interval training, some cardio. And for about 15 minutes. But then what the video guys did not capture after that was literally... ...hour and a half is four o'clock in the way I did a four o'clock crossfit class. The reason being is because I want to show you guys crossfit on a weekend. And this coming weekend would be my first time. And obviously I didn't want to look like a dick. You know, trying to navigate my way through a crossfit class. So I thought I'd be mentally and physically prepared beforehand. Bad idea. It was definitely a leg dominant workout of the day, you know, WOD. So, you know, we started off with 10 minutes of squats. And then seven minutes of cleans and squats. And then we did a circuit of box jumps, burpees. And chins. And then we had to do like 50 toe to bar leg raises. That was cooked. Man, I've eaten so much food. Like, I was going to start on 3,200 calories today. I think I blew that about a thousand calories a go. Because my body is just so hungry for food. And I'm listening to it. I'm giving it just clean calories just so I can feed it. Or it's going to kick my ass tomorrow. And it's not even nine o'clock at night. And look at me. I'm in bed with my book. And I'm ready to wipe out. And just hopefully get a good night's sleep. And the recover to foot tomorrow. Like tomorrow we probably going to have a lot of domes. You know, delayed on set muscle solenoose. So I've made sure that I just had my last batch of branch chenamine o' acids. My glutamine. And I'm going to have this steak meal that I've got here along with my cup of tea. My steak meal there. And that's the jarnas by the way, not underpants. So we'll have that and then brush teeth and then just wipe out for the night. And hopefully I won't be crawling around by my lips. My legs will be of some use. And then we're going to smash chest and try some herbs tomorrow night night. Thank you.