I'm not interested in today's bodybuilders. It's too much. A classic for ZX. I don't know what's in there. Dave Draper, Ranko, Klambo. That's what I want to look like. But maybe just a little bit better. I'm Klambo and Nogor. This is one of my favorite shoulder workouts. I used to go to the Mr. University here. It's a great first hyper-edged feet building muscle. If you want to try something different, try this one. We're going to start with the seated overhead press. I'll apply a dumbbell overhead press. Then we're going to do some upright rows. After that, we're going to do some side-out of raises, some drop sets. We're going to finish off with the red-doubt flies. So with the rest time, today, we're going to keep them short for the warm-ups. About 30 seconds. As we get into the work here, we're going to increase the rest time to about a minute. All right. Let's get into it. So we've got the first exercise here. See the overhead press. I'm going to be doing six sets. The first two are just light, warm-ups sets. Well, I'll do 10, 15 reps. And then, from there, we're going to go a bit heavier. We do a few lower reps. Get up to our 100 kilos or 25 pounds. We do a bit less reps. Get up to like a max weight for about eight six reps. And then we're going to drop down a bit a bit lighter than the shot off. What can do? 15. I realize, oh, you know, I could do another 10. No, I'll do another 10. I won't just go up. I did 15 racket up. It's a bit... sort of instinctive. It's not like either books or a thing. This is set four. So I'll do this one for six, all right? I'll round it up and actually play for the fifth set. So we'll go heavier, it's on the fifth. And then I'll probably drop back to that on the sixth set. Sometimes when I'm going to hit like a heavy set or max something, it's good to get a spotter. Okay, so you can't handle it. I've got an elbow here. So he's going to help me out today. Oh, thank you so much for your help. That's it. Seven reps in the last one. They're pretty exhausted. So now we're going to move on to over hit dumbbell press. All right, so we're doing exercise two here, which is a seated dumbbell press. What I'm going to do, I'm going to do two sets on a drop set. So I'm going to start with these ones here. We'll do like 10 12 reps whatever. After that, we're going to hit these ones here and then finish on the heavy weights of the air. So now that finish that set, I'm going to rest 10 20 seconds and go back to the first ones and rip the file. So you're going to rest about a minute. I'm going to hit these the 70s, rip them out, rest another minute. Two to eighties and then, uh, scissors at there. Wait about half time about, yeah, 20 seconds, tough enough. I don't traditionally wear headphones. Usually get in the zone without a music. So if I'm going to jam it like a home, whatever, and there's a lot of people like that. I want to get distracted or bothered too much. Hit phones in with their music. And so it looks like I'm listening to our focus, but people thought all of you was much when you got headphones on. So we'll go right ahead and intense work out. So that's it, as you saw at the end. When I couldn't do any more full reps, I just did part of it. I'm going to try to help break the process of intense fire you work out. So I'm pretty gas at the moment. I have breath. I'm going to be doing some upright rows, just three sets. Sort of medium weight about 10 reps each. Pretty simple. Good to hit the definition between the shoulders and the shoulders. So let's get it done. I like to go about shoulder width. My thing is that the elbows weighs 20 after ceiling. It's more, I feel a lot more in the shoulders. I'll go about shoulder width because it's feeling better and more. So yeah, try and keep it tight. Try to swing. Try and pause it for a second or two at the top. Just increases the burn. I'm going to hit 10 reps on a weight. I'm going to hit the reps. I can only hit 6 reps. I'm going to keep the reps. That's my way of keeping it in between two and two. Two for the numbers. 26 and 10. Do you tend it's too light for you to 6 to heavy. So every time we go heavier, I can hit 10. Keep going heavier. We have a little next size four here. So I'm going to be similar to the dumbbell press. Except for doing just a single drop set. I'm going to triple drop set. So I'm going to start with the 30 pounds. We've got to the 35 pounds. And then after that I'm going to go back to the 30 pounds. Drop it to the 25 pounds. Drop it to the 20 pounds until I'm gas. There's no particular red number. It's just the file each time. A lot of people think it's not going to stop on the side. You go up from here, which it's harder. But if I'm doing it in sort of lady, my workouts, I'm going to be exhausted. I don't mind just using it in my maintain to get out there. It's still going to get a good palm. You're going to work in. Usually you can go a little bit heavier. You have to strip form just from the side. You just go to drop down with it. So always seem to rest less. When I don't know what time is. So I get excited. I want to do an accept. But let's do it for a while. For 30 seconds. I'll be able to do it a lot more effectively. So I'll always guess it out. That's quick. I didn't make such a drop thing. So the end. I did the triple. I felt like doing another one. I did it with lighter. I just stripped the form from the sides. She doesn't look into anymore. I just fucking raced it off. So you've got a stabbing pain in your arms. You can't lift anymore. That's how you do it. That's done. It's all done, Bill. Go do it. Alright, so it's the final exercise for the shoulder workout. Recapal flies. I'm going to do four sets, ten fifteen reps for each set. And a nice controlled steady movement. Nothing crazy, nothing heavy. Just very consistent. I need to slow myself down because I know I'm going to lift that up. I've got a little bit more rest of my set. I don't like to rest too long. I don't know. I get a good cage. I need to lift something. I need to lift it off. I mean, follow the strict sides of the edit. I think, take your way out just swinging a lot of the time it's all I've ever done. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's good. Yeah. Alright. So that's it for today's shoulder workout. This workout is breaking down on the article on bodybuilding.com. For more videos, articles, content like this, hit that bodybuilding.com and check it out. Do it. Thank you.