Okay, so what are your thoughts on this supplement industry today? I think it's the way it's progressed since I started training. Even since I retired from the sport, which was in 1997, it's advanced and my reason we've got so many different products on the market now, which is great. And the industry is very competitive, so it forces each company to do that research and try to continually come up with better and more effective products. And what kept you motivated all those years when you're in your competition time? Just having goals, speaking other than the seminar about having goals, everyone's got their own personal goals. Obviously mine was, as I was progressing different things to be national champion, then to be a professional bodybuilder, and then to be Mr. Lempio, and obviously that's a very strong goal. You know, you're the best in the world and you want to maintain there. So I always had long-term goals, which would be usually a competition for myself, because I'm more competitive bodybuilder. But it's important to break those down into small goals. You know, every month you want to have a goal for your weight, for your bodyweight, for your strength and so on. I think that's important, and to be consistent, there's no good training all out and each and probably for a week or two, and then it all go to part for a couple of weeks. So to have goals and to be consistent, I think that's the answer to that. Definitely. And then in your career, if you had to do anything over again with you? I would try not to get severely injured. I said a week before Mr. Lempio twice. What I learned from that is you have to modify a training a little bit, go into a competition. You can't train as heavy and as super intense. So in fact, you don't need to go into a competition. You have to shift your training mentality from training all out and trying to gain muscle to just maintain and hold in that muscle while you're restriction of calories and doing more cardio to get into shape. So if there's anything I could do over that would be it. The last couple months before a competition, it would be more cautious and train a little bit more moderately, a little bit more. Definitely. And then what do you think about bodybuilder today compared to when you first started in the sport? That's the industry changed. It's changed. I tend to think there was a little bit more mistake about the whole thing when I was competing. And maybe that's because now everything is accessible with the internet and everything. When I was when I started and when I was competing, you have to wait for the magazines if you want to information or you have to go to a seminar and everything is available online. So it's changed tremendously because of the internet. Definitely doing the overall shape of the bodybuilder is changed. I think in the previous decade when I was competing in the 90s, I think the actual condition in the shape that the bodybuilder was coming in was a little bit superior to now, whereas now the guy's a little bit bigger and a little bit full. So it's a bit of a different look and I don't want to sound like some old dogs. And it was better in my day, but I do think the condition of the bodybuilder was superior to the guys now, although the guys now are a little bit bigger. Definitely just a totally different look. So now that you're not competing, what are your passions and hobbies outside the gym? Obviously you still work out and stay involved there. I've enjoyed doing some other sports and some martial arts with some friends of mine. Things like that when you're like a competitive athlete, you have to concentrate solely on your sport under discipline. You can't really do anything else because you risk injury, mind, fear, recovery and everything. So I think the thing that I enjoy now is being more flexible, you know, having a bit more freedom with a diet, with a training, and doing different things, spend more time with my children and stuff like that. So do you have any fun like quirky random hobbies like gardening or anything that's different? Not much of a garden, really. I like music and stuff like that. You have to like that when I was younger, but when you weigh 300 pounds, you can't really find much sport to fit you. So I'll do that and spend time with my kids. I've got a son that's 26 and I've got a nine-year-old girl. I could spend a lot more time with her than I could when I was competing in a totally focused, so just a more relaxed lifestyle. Does your son want to take after you? I don't think so. I think his soul went on in thro's. He works out. He works out as well as training with his martial arts, his skills and shapes, so it's kind of the family, I think. That's cool. And the last question, so what would you say to all those people out there? There's always haters and naysayers. How do you stay positive through it all? You know, everything in life you can look at a positive or negative half or half empty. I don't worry about negative people and let them affect me. If you see somebody that's successful, that's doing well. There's two ways you can look at it. You can look at it in a negative way. That person's success makes you feel insecure, makes you feel like a failure. Or you can look at that person and you can say, wow, look what he's doing. Maybe I can do it. Let's use that as an inspiration. Some people just look at it in a negative way and one of attack somebody that's successful because it's making them feel insecure. So I don't worry about negative people that don't get on with it. Good answer. Well, thank you so much. Okay. Thank you all.