Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What's up, bodybuilding.com, listeners. My name is Daniel Bitz and welcome back to the Bbcom podcast. Today I'm joined by Master Coach Craig Bongelli, Craig, you are no stranger to the Bbcom ecosystem by now. But we want to connect you with our audience, help them get to know you a little bit more and we're going to do that with a series of questions today. You ready to jump in? I am absolutely ready. Tell us what brought you to being a coach and the purpose behind your journey at becoming a coach. So when I started being a coach, I was working, media labor jobs, bouncing, and I was training myself and learning to help myself. And at first I did it for the money. And then the first client transformation I had, I was like, whoa, like this changes who people are and from there. What else was I going to do? I got to having a feeling like that. I was all it. No going back after that. How would you describe your coaching style? Honest. Honest D is my number one policy as a person and as a coach. If somebody's blowing it, I think they deserve the respect of hearing it. If they're crushing it, I think they deserve that. If there are certain things they need to do to achieve their goals. I got not sure if they're quoting it. Here are the steps. Here's what it takes. How do you want people to feel when finishing a workout with you? Whether that's one on one, training with you in the app. What's an emotion that you hope they have once they click finish or once they walk out of the room? I'm not sure what the emotion is. So if you can put a word to this, I would greatly appreciate it. I'd like people to feel like they took a step forward. They didn't just do something. They moved closer to where they ultimately want to be. A accomplished. Yeah, that's a great word. Love that. That word. Why is strength at the core of your teaching principles? Because without strength, you have no meaningful physical qualities in anything or anything. Like strength is the mother of all other capacities. You know, I love that you put it that way because oftentimes, and we talk about this often here in our new slutters and different episodes and whatnot, you know, when somebody's very eager to get started on something, they usually go heads down on just that one single modality. Maybe they want to do a 5k marathon and Iron Man, all you lifting competition, whatever the case may be, and they are very, very gun-ho on just jumping into that single modality. But regardless of whatever fitness or health goal that you're chasing after, I think we can agree that strength needs to be the foundational building blocks to whatever goal that you set. Completely. And my most prevalent mentor, Louis Simmons, the founder of West Side Barbell, repeated endlessly, that a pyramid is only as tall as the width of its base. So the wider the base, the taller the peak, and you can point that at anything you want, like all of the things you mentioned. But strength is so prevalent to having that broad base that if you want to get anywhere high, you want to reach the heights of accomplishments, you need strength to do it. And I think that's applicable for just everyday life and longevity as well. I mean, forget other competitions that I just threw out there a second ago. I mean, if you want to live a longer life, if you want to be able to carry the groceries through your door, to lift up your grandkids over the case, maybe it all starts with building that foundation all straight. Absolutely agree. Craig, what's your favorite movement in why? My absolute favorite movement in the gym. Yep. It's probably a deadlift. I'm not naturally suited to deadlifts with my leverages, but they're so raw. Like there's, they're so fundamental and raw that they have to be my favorite, even though they're also somewhat my nanases. I would expect nothing else from you. What's your advice for someone who's just getting started? My advice for someone starting out is to absorb as much information as possible to read everything, watch everything, find all the experts. Absorors as much as you can, and then stop absorbing new information and go put it into practice. The bodybuilding.com app, check out all the coaches, see everything we have to say, look at all the different approaches we take. Then pick one. You know, I'm going to do this for four, six, eight weeks. Maybe four, six is a reasonable test and go like head down, do that, and perform some self-experimentation from which you can, you can make better decisions in the future, but what you like, don't like works, doesn't work. A lot of information, put it into practice, then reevaluate, put it into practice, repeat. Be a sponge and then execute. Completely. What's your advice to someone who's maybe hit a plateau in their fitness journey? So maybe this is somebody a bit more advanced, right? They're going after more of a niche goal within the gym or the competition setting and they just can't get past a certain threshold or certain PR and kind of can't level up their game for a lack of a better term. So what's your advice for that type of fitness enthusiasts or athlete? In that type of place, so if we extend that out from my advice for someone starting, for someone who's stuck on a plateau, there are, depending on what your goal is, hundreds, thousands, tens of thousands of people who have crushed the plateau that you can't figure out yet. Go learn from an expert. Find somebody who's walked the path, who's been up the mountain and go, hey, how do I get past the best and go find it from someone who's done it? Because once you're at a point where you have a great base where you've, you've moved past to begin our stages of training. Now you can actually go talk to an expert about your particular situation and get some advice that will be, that will save you years of time and hundreds of hours of frustration. I love that because I think as our fitness journey progresses and the more knowledge that we gain, the more experience we gain, our ego grows with that. And we often forget that we can always benefit from a coach and there's the same great coaches, the great coaches, right? You can really never outgrow having a coach. You can outgrow a coach, but I think there's always opportunity to go out and find somebody who's doing things better than you or maybe who can provide you with the insight in terms of doing a different length to reach your goal. Completely, there are coaches out there who have helped hundreds of people beat your specific plateau. Like, some of those coaches, depending on your goals, are going to be in the app, like you'll have access to us, but regardless, like you'll find somebody who's been like, oh yeah, not only have I done that, I've shown a hundred people how to do that and then get their advice. Absolutely. Craig, as you know, we're relaunching signature, which is our house brand here at BeBeCom, very exciting. We're going to have way protein, creatine, EAA's, hydration. Everything you can imagine in this line, tell us what your current favorite signature product is and why it's a part of your daily stack. This is going to be a morning answer. It's the magnesium. I find I find a high quality magnesium supplement. I recover faster. I sleep better, which also assists in the recovery. Everything about how I feel and how I function works better when I'm using a high quality magnesium. And that's not a cool answer. I'd love to be like, pre-work out this, protein this, BCA's that I don't have it. The magnesium for me, like that is the one where if I had to forgo something that would be last on my list. Don't sleep on magnesium. Magnesium plays a significant role in all the points that you just discussed, it helps to sleep as well. It's key and hydration. So magnesium, I mean. It's massive. It's not a cool answer. That's all right, Craig. You're a cool guy. How do you feel your day? Tell us about your meal prep, tell us about your day-to-day nutrition and what that looks like on a weekly basis for yourself. So right now, I've been experimenting with essentially an animal-based diet with fruit. So milk, eggs, cheese, and obnoxious amount of beef and fruit. I'd have been feeling pretty good. But I'm at a place now where I'm experimenting with my diet for personal interest. I'm not following a really intensive plan the way I have in the past when I was targeting a really specific goal. So I'm doing a lot of self-experimentation, which I wouldn't recommend to somebody who hasn't spent a lot of time doing things more regimented so they can figure out, is this better, is this worse and have a better understanding of their body to know how they are actually responding to something. But that's what I'm doing, presently. That's your recommendation for somebody who's just getting started, right? So the example that you just gave, one could argue that there's some aggressive elimination that goes into that. But somebody who's maybe just trying to shed a couple pounds and gain a few pounds of muscle, what's your advice for them? Okay, my advice for them. Figure out what you're doing right now, honestly. Not the whole, okay, I'm going to keep a food journal, so I'm not eating any more donuts. Like actually look at where you are. And the mistake people make is trying to have a better peak. So they, they're like man, last Monday, I ate 90% perfect. This Monday, I'm eating 100% perfect. Or I only screwed up my diet on Wednesday. Instead of doing that, instead of looking at raising the peak, if you look at raising the floor. So never doing worse or as bad as you did the week previous. So you ate 19 donuts last week. No offense to anyone who likes donuts. I don't know what that's. That's my target today, but I'm going after donuts. You had 19 donuts last week, but on Monday you only had one. So instead of thinking, okay, Monday I'm having zero. Go this week, I'm going to eat less than 19. And if you can continually eliminate your worst habits or making them less bad, you improve significantly faster mathematically. And we can break that down later in a video later. I show you the numbers because it's magic. But it's also easier. If I want to improve my average in high school, on a high school student. And I've got a 90 in English, but I've got a 40 in math. I can get a 10% improvement in English going from 90 to 100. But 90 to 100 is a lot of work. I can get a 10% improvement in math going from 40% to 50. I get that same 10% improvement. It's a lot easier to do. The worst something is the easier it is to improve it. There's a lot more low hanging fruit. That's what people should be focused on. You don't need a perfect diet. You need one that isn't as bad as someone you have right now. And then once you get used to that, a little bit less bad again. And if you creep the floor up, the results are mathematically improved and so much easier. Striving for that gradual evolution over time. Completely. Feel like you just used to Homer Simpson as your client reference with the donuts. That's the day. Last one here before we get into our rapid fire Q&A. Greg, what do you do for recovery? If I'm being intelligent, I do a ton of sled pulling. I did a little video that'll be in the app explaining the benefits of sled pulling and it is dynamite. I'm a huge fan of that. But to be honest, outside of that, if I have time to go walk the dog with my wife, if I'm doing stuff with my daughters, I use a lot of real life stuff to do that. I have a hard time switching between like 10 to 10. It's hard for me to find like a 3 or 4, so I typically need other people involved or sled pulling. We'll call that functional recovery for lack of a better term. But why the sled tells us why the sled helps with recovery? Okay, so the sled apart from being a very natural movement you're walking. There is no lowering portion or eccentric portion to doing something like a sled. Whereas if I was doing a bicep curl, I curl up, I lower down. It's the lowering that beats you up and takes more out of you than the raising. Away. So the idea that if you can do something light with no lowering portion or no eccentric portion and do something for a fairly long duration that pumps blood through your entire body, it can be really beneficial in terms of recovery and restoration. And that's definitely what I found. Awesome, we'll stay tuned for that video on the BB comm app. All right, you ready to get into our rapid fire Q&A? I'm as ready as I'm going to be. All right, here we go. Number one, upper body or lower body. Upper body for looks lower body for function. Number two, push your pull. Pull. Deadlift or squat. Deadlift. Biceps or triceps. Biceps or fun triceps for function. Morning or night workout. Morning for fitness, night for strength. Favorite book. An open society and its enemies by carl popper. Favorite food. Stake. Favorite music. That really depends what I'm doing. Work out music. Nipsy hustler Kevin Gates right now. One word to describe you, Craig. Hopeful. And one word to describe your workouts. Hopeless. No. Cut. We'll just cut it right there. One word to describe the workouts. Legget. Like the workouts are legit. I assume all the other coaches feel the same way. But everything I put in the app is what I would be recommending. If my closest friend in the world is like, how do I achieve this goal? How do I do this? That's what I'm putting in there. Craig, thanks for stopping by for a quick one with us. We're so excited to work out with you in 2025. I can't wait. Stay tuned as we gear up to launch the Bodybuilding.com app where you can work out with all of our coaches in 2025.