What's up everybody? We are on a secret mission. This is the start of the journey. We're super pumped. A little bit nervous. We are here to surprise the 100K women! We are changing lives! Hey, just getting ready for tomorrow's big reveal. We are going to surprise Matt. Manning the 2014 bodybuilding.com transformation challenge winner. He is going to go to the gym like any other day. We are going to sneak up out of him and surprise him with a trophy. And a big old bag of cash. $50,000. We are going to be here at 9. She showed up at 7. We are nervous. But it is not going to be awesome. It is probably going to work out even better. We are going to be even more surprised. Here we go! That is him. He is a green hat. Let's try to stay together and come up from behind. You can come up from behind now. What you guys guys. You can also go. Excuse me Matt. Hey, Robin. Hey, how are you doing? I'm Keith from Bodybuilding.com. You got me kidding me. The other 2014 Bodybuilding.com. $100,000 transformation challenge winner. This is too sweet. This for you too. This will take it up and not to worry up. This is insane. Here is this one. We have a nice $50,000 check for you. What will we have? Then if you are going to go as well, I'm behalf of Bodybuilding.com and Damazaz Congratulations. Thank you so much. I have a damninties. I would like to present you with this trophy. Congratulations. I even saw you guys traveling around. Hey, you won't believe what's going on. I'm at the gym and Bodybuilding.com is here with Damazaz. They give me a bag of money. I mean, who does that? Oh, thank you so much for everything you did. I did it's told them like you got up this morning to do more progress photos. I have a pretty good idea. I love you. Oh my god, it was my wife was here. I stepped on the scale and I was 197. I was scared. I didn't want to hit 200. And then I just knew something had to change. About 14, 16 months ago, I passed out at home. So I'm like, I need to do something different. I saw the email for this and I'm like, yeah. And now's the time. You know, I bought these space really like, surprised me because like going in, I didn't know how much it would be helpful. Just a few days in, I'm like addicted to tracking workouts. Especially once I started Arnold Blueprint, able to track and see how his progress and stuff and it kind of gave me a goal to beat the last workout, shouldn't. I just wanted to lift a little bit more weight than the time before. Hi, my name's Matt Manny. My name's Robin Fulin and I'm the 2014. Bodybuilding.com $100,000. Transformation winner. Somebody want to pinch me? This is just insane.