Hi, this is Aaron Stern, two-time Miss Figure Olympia, Team Dima Ties athlete and realtor. My left-for-fitness stemmed from when I was younger. I think my dad wanted boys. So my sister and I were tomboyes. We used to race him and just run around and just climb trees and stuff. I got into track junior year of high school. My dad said, look, you're out here running next to the horse. He might as well go run at the track and do something productive. I had my horse dreamy and we used to do shows together, competitive, show jumping. And in practice I would take a halter and lead rope and I would run next to him and I would jump the jumps. So that's what got me into high jump actually. I went to University of Florida and I was a junior Olympic in there. After college actually I was still doing the high jump and I jumped five-nine in college but I ended up jumping five- eleven in 2008 and I missed the Olympic qualifying standard by three centimeters. It was kind of a set back when I missed that qualifying standard and I realized as a high jumper being five-eight and close to 140 pounds that genetically it wasn't really in the cards for me to jump six-eight. Like a lot of the other girls were going to. I've always been athletic and I can always lift it and in college I learned Olympic lifts and you know learned a lot about the body but not so much about aesthetic lifting. So after college I started doing the aesthetic lifts and you know I was looking at the magazines and one of my friends said, hey you should do a figure competition. You're in you know good shape you've got some muscle you might as well step on stage. Actually the Arnold Classic was my pro debut in 2009 and that was my fourth show ever. It happened very, very fast. I am motivated to be better than my previous best and I'm also motivated by the people that I meet along the way. It's just a big fitness family and to be able to inspire and motivate others. That keeps me going. Ultimately I want to be the Oprah of the Fitness World. Teaching people how to work out to know that when you have success in the gym, when you're strong, that that translates to confidence outside of the gym and success outside of the gym. It's a challenge you know it's you versus the weight. It's something tangible and by doing that you're for me anyway if I can conquer that then I feel like I can conquer anything. I like to stick to my trackers so I do a traditional warm up and then I'll do like sprint drills which people stare at me in the gym for doing. And then we do have platforms where I work out so I'll do hand cleans or hang snatch. You know some type of Olympic lift maybe five sets of five and then I'll go into my compound movements and then finish with isolation. I do circuit training and then I'll do supersets especially if I'm trying to drop some muscle going towards a show. I mix it up. Now it's important to not stay in a set routine because your body will get used to it and you'll plateau. I started to bought a training and I really like that and that's of course the total of four minutes and it's the type of interval training. So you go all up for 20 seconds rest for 10 all up for 20 seconds rest for 10 for total four minutes. I never do steady state cardio. I'm always doing sprints or some type of interval training. I count to bought as cardio. I don't think traditional cardio is very effective because or the low intensity cardio anyway because you only burn calories while you're on that treadmill and once you step off the it's done. Eight days a week. Now I'm there. Five to six days a week. You have to rest. Rest is when you recover. It's when the muscles grow and if you don't give your body time to do that then you're not going to advance in your program. You know maybe a good of the beach and relax or through the football around but it's not no working on it and do you off? I usually work out by myself it's just me and my iPod. Right now it's either a dubstep or judicash. I think that the main thing about lifting is to learn the fundamental lifts. You know there's six basic lifts. Learn how to squat. Learn how to deadlift. Learn the bench. And then from that point you can vary your grips very your stance and you can actually develop you know a few hundred exercises from those six basic lifts. I typically do 40, 40, 20 diet so I'm doing proteins, carbs, fats in that order. It's just what works for me and I do a lot of sprint so I need to keep my carbs up a little bit higher. I think we find what works for us. I know a lot of people do the lower carb and higher fat but to me I just can't think straight. I think it's important to try out diets for yourself. We try to look for a week, see how you feel. See how you perform in the gym and maybe try the 40, 40, 20 diet and see if that works. And then also think about cravings. If you're craving something salty and sweet and crunchy and sugary then maybe a higher carb diet is better whereas if you're craving a fatty food then you might want to look at maybe a lower carb diet. It's mostly paleo but not paleo in the sense of the paleo diet. I'm more of if it wasn't around 10,000 years ago I try not to eat it. It's important to me because whatever makes it easier on my body to digest and assimilate and I feel better. I cut out wheat and cut out dairy and I feel good. Proteins. I do a lot of bison, a lot of chicken, fish, eggs and carbs would be quinoa, black rice, red rice and spicy carbs. I love carbs and in fact it would be like avocados, black seed oil and like papitas and pumpkin seeds. I like to really kind of structure my caloric intake around my workouts. If I have a workout that day I'll eat a little bit more before and I'll make sure I get good carbs and protein after the workout. And I'm a fan of mixing it up. I do believe in a little bit of intermittent fasting but as I get closer to a show I do like to five to six small meals because I find it gets me to the leanness that I need to be on stage. I think he needs to keep things creative and I go to the farmer's market and I'm a fan of having a lot of different colors on the plate so a lot of seasonal vegetables trying new things and keeping it fresh and healthy but definitely mix up the way it cooks stuff because nobody wants to look at egg whites and I will open it over and over again. I don't really believe in sheet meals and I have a lot of friends that go out for pizza, blooming onion, ice cream, all in one sitting and that's a real fast way to set yourself back and you know pack on pounds. I do believe in treat meals something that's you know maybe not as clean like sushi or you know frozen yogurt something that still has some kind of nutritional value. It's definitely not a diet because saying diet to me it means deprivation so it's more of a lifestyle change and it's more of making small changes a little bit at a time you know if you're only eating one big meal a day and you're trying to switch to five to six small meals and go to the gym 60s a week it's not going to happen so you know maybe try three small meals and and don't really count calories go for the macronutrients make sure you have a protein a carb and a fat at each meal and set a big long-term goal don't be free to set huge goals but you have to set small ones so you can achieve that quite a goal. Well a supplement is just something that's going to help you recover better it's going to help you train I mean I think it's it's important to try the basics again it's just like lifting you don't want to start with a comprehensive detailed list of supplements that you may or may not need start with you know you're protein get a shake and see how you feel and go from there. I think I do a lot of full foods obviously but I think for performance it's important to to supplement I strongly believe in protein I think it's a building block of muscle so you need that it's really bad but I actually will take like a half a scoop at a time and I just dump it in my mouth because I've seen the creative recipes but I don't know they're just eat food and the protein to me is just helping me recover and it tastes good but I'm not going to make like you know one of those mug muffins in the microwave because it'll explode I tried so when I wake up I do take you know all of my vitamins my CLA I take fish oils and all of that stuff too and I do the protein after my workout obviously with a little bit of carbs and then I take my ZMA and my Gapah about an hour before bed. It's important to know why you take something you know you're not just going to walk into a store and pick things off the shelf you want to know what function it has why you're taking it and doing research and reading and knowledge is power so definitely definitely read up on it. That's it for me that's my training my nutrition and my supplementation and if you want to find me you can find me on body space at Trackvene and I'm on Twitter it's Aaron fast or look for me Aaron Stern on Facebook for more videos and content like this keep coming back to bodybuilding.com