Hey, bodybuilding.com. I'm UFC Light Heavyweight and Monster Milk Athlete Ryan Bader. It's my coach Aaron Simpson. Today I'm going to take you through a three-part workout. The first one's going to be some dynamic stretching. Seconds going to be a agility ladder. And the third is going to be a strength circuit. You can use this workout as a warm-up. And I like to use it as I'm getting ready for a fight as a workout in itself. So let's dive right into the first section. From the first section, the stretching section we got six basically exercise we're going to do. The first one is knee hug and twist and basically you're going to bring your knee up, grabbing it with your hands, bringing to your chest, letting it down and going to be in a blunt position and then you can twist your body. Basically it's a whole body stretch. Instead of just doing static stretching we're doing active stretching. Next one we're going to go into is backward toe touches. We're doing the backwards lunge is stretching over and kind of pointing to the opposite direction. We're activating the lower back muscles. We're loosening up the muscles at the same time. We're strengthening the muscles also. The next exercise is going to drop lunge. You're going to keep that front foot front of you and you're going to drop that back leg kind of into those squat positions. We're going to go down one direction and back the other direction. The next one is backward toe touches. So basically you're going to kick your back leg out to the back while touching the front toe with your opposite hand and you're going to go back and bring it back doing the same exercise. You got to warm up your muscles, you got to warm up your core and get your body temperature up. The next one we're going to do the world's greatest stretch. One of my favorite ones we're going to do a lunge. We're going to bring our elbow down on the floor inside our leg and get a natural lunge stretch and then we're going to bring it back grab on our toe and get a little hamstring stretch from there and you're all to make legs. You can do these stretches anywhere. You just need a good little not-a-space. Once again I use it more as a warm-up but this can be used as an actual workout. I actually use it when I get closer to fights as a workout. The last one we're going to do do a little shoulder stretch. You can grab a bar, a little PVC pipe, whatever you got and you're going to basically bring it over your head, touch your butt, bring it back, do that 10 times and you pretty much take your whole body and it should be warm already to go. Going into the agility ladder, you can really mix and match what you want to do here. You'll go forward in each box so it's two feet in each box. It's kind of look like you're running. Obviously you start slow and as you work the way up you can get faster and faster. Next one we're going to go laterally so we're going to turn to the side and go two feet in each box, go down and back. That ladder doesn't matter how great a shape I'm going to be in perfect fight shape. That ladder gets my heart rate going and gets breathing a little heavy and as you do it and as you get better at it you're going to go faster so there's never really any end game barrier. You're going to get better. You're going to go faster. Next one we're going to do is hops. We're going to hop with two feet in each box and we're going to go down and back and backwards. We're going to get your body sweating, you're going to get your core warmed up, just to hold fast speed, the motion being able to concentrate and get your feet in there at the same time where they need to be. It just works well for me for being a fighter and it will work obviously on boxing and leetie and even on the ground so it's just good for everybody. The next one we're going to flip and go laterally and hop in and each each box two feet down and back. If you don't have an actual agility ladder you can actually make one out of tape or you can pretend there's one on the floor. It's better to have one because it will make you stay in the box and it kind of think about what you're doing a little bit but if you can do it on the floor, pretend there's one and you're still going to get the activation, you're still going to get the warm up and go about 20 feet or 20 boxes and you'll be good. The last one is called the achy shuffle. It's a little complicated to explain but you're replacing your feet in the box. If you're starting from the side you're going one foot in, one foot out, one foot in and then you're doing that down and backwards. The last one is a lateral achy shuffle so you're starting laterally. Same thing replacing your feet in the box going up and down through each box. The third part of the workout is more kind of getting into an actual workout but it's more body weight. You're activating your glutes, your legs, your hitting those big muscle groups and it's a great way to start anything as far as a workout or if you're training or anything like that. We're going to start with a single leg, blue bridge and you do this on any bench and you're going to lay down on the bench, spread your arms out, you're going to get on your heel, one leg's going to be up in the air, the other is one, one's going to be on the ground on your heel and you're basically dressing your hips up, activating your glute muscles and you're going to do 15 on one side and 15 on the other leg. Then we're going to go into wise and tees and this can be done with blast traps or it can be done with five pound weights on the incline bench. What it kind of sounds like is making a teet with your arms activating those shoulder muscles and then you're going to go into wise and you're going to do 10 of each. It doesn't matter if you're a professional MMA fighter, a bodybuilder or a person trying to get in shape, a good hard dynamic warm up like that. It's going to help your flexibility and it's also going to help your strength. The last exercise we're going to do hanging knee raises, have yourself a bar, hang from it, bring your knees all the way up to your chest as high as you can and do that 10 times and you're going to be doing two rounds of that circuit. Along with this dynamic workout we are going to provide you with my own personal lifting session, exercises and length the reps, everything you'll need to be successful and try this lift. We got it all broken down for you on the page below. For more videos and workouts like this, keep coming back to bodybuilding.com.