Maybe, but I felt holy before I got a candle, right now. I didn't start dreaming in the universe but I thought I would live without a candle. before I woke out, I always think, I'm going to go extra slow. slow. So, more than what feels normal, because then it'll look good for everyone else. It'll know more about everybody else. Zero adrenaline is fired up and if you walk with that adrenaline you're going to go too fast. Winning my first Olympia was amazing, but then losing it and going through a divorce and a lot of other personal things that went on with that to have the motivation to keep going and to win it again, but then to lose it again. I mean, those are very highs and lows, but every one of those steps and every one of those moments have led up to this. I actually very calm the week before. I have moments where I get butterflies and I stomach thinking about being on stage and having the whole world see what you look like and bathing suit. That can be kind of nerve-wracking. There's a little bit of pressure to coming in as a returning champion and I've had that pressure multiple times, but every time I have come back as a returning champion, I've lost. If I win this year, it'll be the first time I won back to back. I'll make history in this sport of figure as the first four time figure in the championship. I feel like I'm where I need to be right now and the hard work is behind me and I would just enjoy the moment and just having fun this weekend. Tonight is my Thea Limpians. That's when we get to meet the fans for the first time and sign autographs, take photos. We each get our own booth and I remember the first year I was here, I don't have any line at all, no one who I was. And I was like, man, it would be really awesome to have a line of people who actually knew who I was. Yes, first of all, what's your name? Maria. This is Mika. I am really nervous to meet me. Don't be nervous. I am your awesome figure. Hi. This is from Torio, from Chico Slovakia. Oh my gosh, awesome. This is for me. Yes, of course. Thank you. I've never seen it before. Hi. I think I've been driven to you. Yeah, I know. I know. I believe I've been driven to you. Oh my gosh. It's exciting to know that you have that bigger name tag to some people, like I said that you never even met before. And when you actually have a line, it kind of makes you feel like you're doing a good job. I know people are inspired by you and to me that's very humbling because I'm just doing what I love. Call us have a girl. What's going on? I'm good. I'm going to see you for my whole life. You know, I hear women who lost a hundred pounds or a guy who lost a hundred pounds or that they quit smoking and you know, they want to tell you about all the positive changes that they've made their life. And it's really exciting. That's when the reality sets in that you actually have a huge impact more than you know and you affect people more than you realize. You know, I'm always hoping that people want to see me still. I'm hoping that people want to talk to me and come up to my booth. I don't think I ever get to a point where I'll expect that. I feel good. I feel where I need to be. So I feel very relaxed. I mean, I need to do this. By the time I got to bed, it was a lot of 1130 and then I got to get up at between five and five. I've got to go to the morning to eat and you're ready to see Nancy for her and make up. So after this, I'll get another quote of tan. Touch up any spots that were messed up from sleeping and then get ready to go to pre-rooting. So we gotta get on the bus at nine. So I'll have a little bit of time before that to just kind of relax. Eat again before I get on the bus and then that's it. All those months of hard work come down to today. I love getting my hair and makeup done. So the beauty page of part of it is a lot of fun. That's how I explain it to people who have no idea what I'm doing. Just a beauty page and for fitness girls. Like I'm getting ready for Halloween. You know, I think that costume makeup. Awesome. Yeah. Awesome. Yeah. My crystal. So now we're going to go get tan and get on the bus. I'll see you guys soon. It's so good. You look so beautiful. I like the New World style crispy and crispy. Good morning. See you guys on the kiosk. You notice so many more. Well everyday makeup is done. So now the scene I'm literally trying to make it into pretty high nutrition. I wanna make my MakingAd bro aime my dream and especially itsOME breakfast mode. I really like this recipe. I was happy to see you. I was happy to see you. I was going to watch out. I think the times that I was more nervous was when I didn't feel confident with the way that I looked. It was a very calming feeling, you know, knowing that. It worked really hard and the rest isn't up to you. Just gonna hope for the judges like what they see. It's a stage. It is kind of a hurry up and wait situation. Hurry up get on the bus. Hurry up get backstage and then wait. So we just got backstage. We're about to start prejudging and about an hour. We should go on around 11.30 because we're third up. So this is where I'll just hang out and keep my feet up. Just relax, I'll eat again. And then about 30 minutes or so before I go out, I'll put my suit on. And then we'll start getting all the glazing process done. And then I'll come out by the freeway area and do a little bit of shoulders to pump up. And then it'll be showtime. Prejudging is really where all the judging takes place. At the end of pre-judging, after the judges have seen everything they need to. Pretty much no. It's gonna be winning at finals. I went into this sport originally because I wanted it to help my career. I was a personal trainer and I thought it would help my business if I could show people that I could get and go cheap too. And I still kind of had that mindset. It's always been a hobby for me. Until I get to the point where I feel like I'm not getting that excitement anymore, that's when I know it'll be time to hang up the heels. But in the meantime, when you're number one, I guess, you know, you want to stay. That the number one spot is long as possible. I am excited if I don't ever really get nervous nervous and talk about to line up before I go out. Then my heart rate so is pumping and I can't stop it. It's nothing I can do to calm it down. While you're on stage, you feel light headed. You need a drink. You need to be popped up a little bit because you're sweating. Four expo diners out there. You're not be shy. Turn around, say hey, you're tall and you're water. They will get it for you. You're not going to have to go out on stage. All right? You also won't lose any points because you could just sit below. They're comparing all the girls from all sides of the body. They're looking at symmetry, the walking and muscle definition. They're looking at skin tone hair, makeup, the walking and presentation. How your suit fits. The sky will open the sky. The cold will open. I just want to keep getting better. So I look back at my best always and try to better that. It's not really a competition for me with anyone else. I can only look like Nicole Wilkins. And I want to make the cool Wilkins of the best that Nicole Wilkins can. If I play second, it's not the end of the world. My life doesn't change. I don't think that I've necessarily reached my full potential yet. I like to think that I still have room for growth and improvement. It went good. They pulled kids and I back out to the fire of the fallout. So it looks like it's person's second between her and I. I felt really good. I felt confident. So hopefully the judge is like the conditioning that I brought. I won't know until tomorrow night. It's now it's like the hard part where you just wait. And now I'm going to go work the booth for a little bit and meet me to a bunch of people walking around the expo. So I felt really good. I feel like I did the best I could. When I first walked back after getting off stage, I tried to eat and then I had to rush the booth. And I really like that. It's a mix of people who look at you like who is at girl with that tan and why she's so dark. And then you get other people who are like, oh my gosh, I can't believe that you're here in person. Just the weird. It's different when you feel good about how you did versus if you felt not so good about how you did. It was almost like a sense of relief because the hard work really was done. I mean, it was like kind of sprayed so that it would stay stayed in one spot. We'll fill up heavier now too. Right. It was shorter. Everything stayed. I'm not sure how to wear my hair. Yeah, it was just long. Yeah. For a stage, I like it a little shorter, but for a real life, I like it longer. Yeah. If I win tonight, it'll be the first time I ever won two times in a row. When you place second, when you lose, it's heartbreaking because you know you're capable of winning. And then when it all seems to be saying you think, okay, you know, obviously second isn't bad at all, but I know what I'm capable of and I don't train for second. I don't think I'll ever get used to it to be honest. The first year or two, I had no idea what to expect. I was just wholly cow. I can even leave up here and I still feel that way. You're good. Perfect. Thank you. Getting prepared now to get out on stage. Making sure that my glaze is all even and my suit is where it needs to be. And at this point, I'm just trying to stay warm and get a little bit of a pump. You're second guessing yourself on and off throughout the entire process because you are trying to chase perfection. And perfection does not exist, but when you put that much effort day after day, you expect to see results. Here we go, lady. Candace Keen, tell your Candace Lewis, Julia, Emma Law, Jennifer, and Susana, Maria, and Nicole, space left over there. At night, it's a show for the audience. That's how I view it. It's a show for the audience. I'm going to go out there and do my absolute best and just enjoy every moment. When I first walk out, I don't hear anything. So when people are cheering and stuff, I really don't hear that at all. Because I'm so focused on walks low, don't trip. Hate your poses the way you need to hold them. Make sure you're twisting enough. Make sure your test is lifted enough. Make sure that you're smiling. But moment, it's just, you and the lights. I think you're so focused on what you're doing in that moment that everything else is kind of silent. Even when they announce your name as the winner. That's all you hear is your name. The first place or each chapter, twenty-eight thousand dollars. The year will come and I'll tell you. Four times a day, it's in the core, no fear. I feel absolutely amazing coming into this. I wanted to make history. I did, so without Joe Weeder, creating the Olympia 50 years ago, I wouldn't have had this opportunity to be part of history. So I want to thank him. I want to thank the IFBB for allowing me to compete and do what I love and inspire others to live a healthier lifestyle. I want to thank the judges in the Olympia committee. And I want to thank Honny Rambad, my trainer. Thank you so much. I also want to thank my boyfriend, Ellen, and my friends and family who are here and who are at home watching. For all your love and support and the fans because you guys are amazing. And keep me doing this every year. You inspire me more than you know. So I plan to, you know, maybe make it five next year. Do my best to make that happen. So thank you very, very, very much. You're a four-time Olympia champion in the core, welcome. I think when you see someone who is in great shape and who looks like they have everything together, it doesn't mean that they don't struggle sometimes too. So I would like people to know that I am real just like they are. When you're preparing for something like this, everything else revolves around that. I think that in life and general, if you want to be really successful at something, there is going to be a lack of balance somewhere. And I'm okay with that. Thank you.