I'm not your everyday athlete. I don't skip workouts or let myself get off track because of a late meeting last minute project or long flight. A work hard play hard every damn day. I'm Dan Lorenzo. So the beginning of fitness and really athletics in my life, I was a high school athlete, a played baseball, a play little bit of football, in high school. After high school, like any kid, I went to college. I was my second year, but for most people, it would be a sophomore year of college. I was in flight school. Going A to be A to be all day long, 15 hours, you know, sometimes either in a classroom or then playing, et cetera. You can imagine you're not really eating that healthy. After flight school, looking at the mirror, I wasn't overweight necessarily. I was probably weight wise, almost where I am now, but you know, obviously the percentage is just real hard. And I just started working out hitting the gym. For a few years, then I was an on-call pilot. I started out flight and start acting and then turning his phone, flying small, charter aircraft, turbo prop, small business jets, that kind of stuff. 24-7, you have to be available at any point in time. Your phone can ring and you've got two hours to get to the airport and go fly some place. You can't go out drinking with your buddies. You can't really go to the beach or something for the day with your friends. So really, I fell in love with the gym. That was kind of like my place of relaxation. So to speak, my place can go, kind of turn the world off a little bit. Turn the body, bring my calm to learn what the best workouts were, what the best supplements were to take. And that's really, I think, where I got started. Fitness industry and specifically the sports nutrition dietary supplement industry, it's really changed a lot in the past few years. Few years ago, really, I think what you're seeing are these kind of crazy new ingredients coming to the surface. This brand came out with this extract and this brand has the concentrate of a warrous tusk, only found in Antarctica on sunny days and this is what it's going to do. Well, I don't think that people are buying into that anymore. And I think that that's really what we've seen across the industry where innovation doesn't mean a crazy ingredient that made or may not do anything. Innovation has a lot of different forms and a lot of different names. You know, at Sallequore, the approach that my team and I take is a very mainstream, I think, approach and a very consumer driven approach to how we build products and how we put all this together. You know, I think that there's easy ways to innovate, which is packaging, where I think we're doing a lot of great things there. I think we've really led the charge and love the game. Even on consistent branding, I think you see a lot of brands now. A few years ago, maybe it didn't look so great. You know, I'd like to say starting with us, but I don't need all the credit. But a lot of brands now are really raising the game. It's a lot of great looking products on the shelf. I like a great looking brands and that's just better for everybody. On the flavor side, huge, you know, gains made across the industry. What everyone's doing with flavors, on the formula side of things. You know, I think it's a really interesting kind of combination, hybrid approach, where it's not that crazy extract, no one's heard of. It's a combination of dosing ingredients and an efficacious doses. It's a combination of doing clinicals to show that. It's a combination of, you know, working closely with R&D teams with great ingredient pervite, you know, vendors to say, hey, this is the new stuff coming out of the market and really trying to get there first. But I don't think most customers even know about those things. I think they appreciate them and the customers who are looking for the science, they can definitely appreciate that. But what people are really going to focus on is that hybrid approach that package approach, where the pack and things on point, the flavors are amazing and the results in the science are there. I think you need all three, not just one. I think that's really been the big change and the evolution that I've noticed in the industry. It's a good thing. The customers, the ones that win. I actually root for other companies to kind of come out with a superior practice something we're doing. Why? Because what's that going to make me do? The pressure that that's going to put on me and my team is to then re-innovate, re-engineer to raise the bar again. And they're going to do the same thing. I work and do the same thing. At the end of the day, the customers win. That might core, I'm a huge fan. I think that's the most important thing and what I'd hope any cyclore fan, any just something the fan in general knows that the guys behind the cyclore, you know, we live this, we breathe for this. And I always joke and say, you know, we're selfish. When people ask me, hey, are the products good? Yeah, they're good. We make them for ourselves number one. We're all users. We're all hitting the gym as well. And we want the best for our own selves and our own bodies. And we want the best results for us. And that definitely translates and everything we do. We're able to kind of go out there and set trends. I think that that's a good, it's a really good word for, you know, now the way the industry's gone. I think where the industry's gone from where it's gone. We believe in training to achieve the best performance and thereby you're going to achieve your best body. And really just dictate and deliver the information and the tools to do that. By the way, I want to calm. I view you guys exactly the same way. You guys have done probably better than anyone. Any media, really source or publisher that I can think of at remaining on bias as far as delivering everything from your, here's your crossfit workout. Here's your powerlifting workout. Here's your more old school competitor focused diet plans to. Here's if it fits your macros and you know, great recipes, you know, with protein powders and any name it. And I think hopefully some of our peers in the industry are doing the same where it's, you know, telling a fan or telling a customer, hey, look, here's all the information. Make the best decision for what fits your lifestyle, your training goals, your physiques. I think that's really what we can achieve together. If too short, it's not practice what you preach. I think so many people in this industry are in a lot of industries. They think that they need to be a certain way, look a certain way, a certain way. And I think they miss out. Yeah, I want to look as good as I can look. My goals over the years have changed. Yeah, I tell people all the time I just say, look, I'm not an athlete. You know, I'm not a competitor. If I decide to compete or doing this one day again, I've done one show so far. It's just because I wanted to. I thought it was fun or maybe I had a buddy getting on stage. And I wanted to kind of egg him on or something. Last time I think I filmed with bodybuilding.com with super HCI apps. And I wanted to kind of have the best apps. And this is how you do it. Well, I've had a man's my goals now that I simply want maybe let's say the best apps for a guy who flies 200,000 miles a year. Right? So it's definitely changed a little bit. And I think I want people to kind of see that and see, you know, hey, you can work hard, and play hard, and still look great. You can go out and have fun and still have a great body. You can, you know, work hard and have a lot of fun, frankly. Sure thing, the best way to get me is probably on Twitter and Instagram. It's my last ambulance on CUDAP. Also, my body space, I try to check it as much as possible. I believe I'm still selling you cordan on body space. As far as getting in touch with cellul core, getting more information at workout plans, et cetera. Obviously, of course, bodybuilding.com is a great resource for all the content that we're doing. Myself are other athletes, you know, Craig Caperso, Creen and Jen, Calum World, contributing. Pretty much everything we know from a diet and training standpoint and putting up up on bodybuilding.com is to help people try and get their best results.