Okay, so I wanted to talk to you a little bit more about some of the things that I've done, the past How I Got in Fall in the Fitness industry. I started personal training about six years ago now. Ace, Apple, and Fitness Professional is International, certified personal trainer. So that's kind of how I got my start. I can always do that I loved and fitness industry. It was just always a tablet, it's as a kid, make basketball all the way through college. So it was just kind of, I was definitely a gym rat from probably a proper age 14 on. Just really, really loved the gym environment. I actually have my Bachelor's in Business Administration from London, say Call of Fritz's School and Vermont. And as soon as I graduated from college, I was actually working in a office job. And I found that I just was so miserable and I go into work and I'm sitting there and I'm like, oh, this is just, I can't stand being here. And I realized I was actually, I was on an elliptical machine one day, and a gym and Manchester, New Hampshire, that I worked out at. And I had an epiphany, I had an aha moment, and I realized that the one place that I loved to be, the most was in the gym. And that was the one place that I could be all day and be completely happy and satisfied. So from there, I actually moved to Park City, Utah, where I actually burned my first personal trainer, certain occasion, started working in a gym there. And I actually was there for about three years, just personal training and just getting as many, you know, getting as much education in that field as I could. It was somewhat, somewhat fun of living in this city that was just so active and athletic. And I wanted to repeat, I started thinking about competing then. It was just always a dream that I had, and I had pictures of, you know, I had into the magazine, although on my wall, and I had oxygen covers hanging on my wall, because these girls were my motivation, but I just wasn't quite ready, and it wasn't there. I wasn't in the placement when the epiphany could start competing. And then I actually got a job, where we'd been through slimes working, isn't a fitness director on one of their shifts. So for a year, I was traveling, I was in Alaska, I was in Hawaii, I was down in the Caribbean for a while, and I was actually teaching a robotics class all the time. But unfortunately, the food on the cruise ships was also really, really good. Despite the fact that I was teaching all these classes, and I was the fitness director, I was also consuming way too many calories, I was eating a lot, and, you know, there was just lots of time in the Caribbean. But I won't talk about right now, but I got off the cruise ship, and I was a lot heavier, than I am now, I actually didn't know about 20 to 25 pounds of course in that year, even though I was teaching all these robbing classes. So I got off the ship, and that was a little over two years, almost three years to go now. And I really, I didn't know where I wanted to go, or what I wanted to do from there, I was back up there for a month, which is where I'm from originally for a little bit, and my sister Linda said, hey, move to San Antonio! So I said, hey, what the heck, I'll go to San Antonio, moved here, and it really was a very good move for me. I started working in a gym here, and that was when I was like, okay, you know what, I'm ready to compete. I was so sick of carrying all that weight, I have pictures, and actually if you go on bodybuilding.com, you can see some of my before and after pictures, and I was one of the transformation of the weeks. They've got a year ago, so you can definitely check that out and see some more of them, but so like I said, I'm not just San Antonio, I'm starting training for my first figure competition. I decided just to first do some shows here locally in Texas. So I actually, my first show was then BC John Sherman, classic in 2005. And look, I won! So I placed first and figured in, it was my first show. I had lost 40 pounds, I was in training for like 18 weeks for that show. Just blessed it, my butt, and I placed first one, was awesome. It was a great feeling, a great experience, and it really made me realize that you really can go after whatever your goal is, whatever your dream is, and if you believe in yourself and you work hard, you're just putting your dedicated, your determined, you can reach it. So then I again competed in the Ronnie Coleman class in 2006. And look, I got another one! No, anyway, I placed first and right in my class in that one too. So those were my first two shows, and then kind of a lot of things happened over the years of over the last year. I actually took a whole year off from competing. I decided that I wanted to start from here with the WNSL, and also I decided I wanted to start my business, which I mentioned earlier, destined to be fit. And here is my DVD. This is me and my partner Jonathan O'Poffee's. My business partner, he is also my personal trainer. He loves kicking my butt in the gym, and he definitely is one of my biggest motivators, keeps me going even when I'm having tired days. Definitely me and him throughout this series. This is our DVD. It's just a strength training. The amazing and basically what destiny to be fit is this is our way of training people in their homes by working out with us with the DVD, and then I have a whole online support center. So it's a way for people that actually work with me online. I work with people who help them on our nutrition. And a lot of motivational aspects too, because I'm also certified fit in this coach. I'm also certified nutrition manager. So I need to work with people that have fitness and warmth and chat with us on there. So I actually have people from all around the country. They're like, here's what I'm doing. And I can say, okay, we're going to speak in this way. That way, and really working a lot on figuring out what your goals are and setting goals. Staying motivated because I'm finding your ultimate motivation for wanting to achieve whatever it is that you want to achieve for yourself fitness advice is all about discovering what your ultimate motivation is. So that's what I like to help people too. So that's destiny to me fits. I mean, there have gone really well. We've done a lot of stuff here locally in San Antonio. Just we took one company and we were working with them just for a little bit. Then about 75 employees, we went in and everybody got into DVD and everybody was working with a song line and the employees actually lost. Oh, Ketola, to believe about 350 pounds, Ketola to believe over a three month period of time. So then we got featured on the new and there's some really good things happening there. We actually have been in commercial for Ness and a bit coming out in January of 2008. So if you're up at 2M, then you just need me bouncing around on your television screen. So, and that's really exciting. That's a bed and something that kind of stemmed from my competing. Just being able to transform my body to a point where I had the confidence to say, hey, you know what, I want to start my own business. This is what I want to pursue for me and for the rest of my life, for sure. So that's a little bit of what else we've got going on. I'm also a fitness columnist. I've already been as close for a couple different publications. I'm here in San Antonio and then also the place of Vermont. So, and also I'll be writing columns for my own company. I'm curious if you can check those out and get any questions through the main column. Okay, so that is a little bit of a question. A little bit of background. And then the W on a so like I said, just this is my coastist cup. I just placed first in the fitness column of the mission and my coastist classic. And Bethlehem Pennsylvania, which was actually just a couple of weeks ago. And this is just awesome. I mean, I'm just so excited and I'm so thrilled about this. And I'm so excited about this organization and just just showing you a little bit what it's, you know, what it's all about and what it has to offer to you. If you're an athlete interested in competing and again, like I said, just a little bit of a head of a seat. So, none of the other, I've said a lot of stuff. Oh, one more thing I want to show you, just what keeps me motivated, what keeps me going on is just my favorite things. Bethlehem magazine tier, these magazines are full of awesome information. And of course, oxygen, muscle and fitness serves. Those are just a couple of my favorite things that, you know, from having a gal in day, I like to take a little bit of a thousand and then get me pumped up and motivated. So, we're going to be going over a lot of stuff that I'm really excited. And I hope you follow along with a video series. And, you know, keep coming back to bodybuilding.com and check out all the new episodes that we have coming out. I will see you soon.