I'm very blessed, I'm very blessed to actually have these opportunities to travel around, meeting all these different people that I've actually helped that they come up to me and say, hey, you know, you're a great motivation. Thank you for this and that, and I'm really blessed to work with so many different companies and be able to actually live my dream and just help people out as much as I can. I was homeschooled my whole life, watching all my friends play sports, I want to do something active, so go into the gym. That's where I'm going to put all my time in. I actually had a gym, a YC, a local YCA that I wouldn't work out at, so I started working out maybe around 17 years old because I was an out-playing footballer, baseball or basketball. When I was around 20 years old, I was working out the YCA and a local agency actually, I came out to me and was like, hey, you know, you look like you could do modeling. So from there, I talked with him, went to his agency and worked with him doing different runway stuff. And from there, I did different clothing lines for different companies. When I did a photo shoot for this one company, it was a clothing line and it was more the teenage clothing line. And when I went there, they were like, oh my gosh, you're way bigger than what we thought. And actually, I really couldn't fit and most of their clothing that they had, I had to actually decide what I want to do, was it going to be fitness modeling, was I going to still build my physique or was I going to go into the modeling aspect as far as doing still clothing lines and doing different runway stuff. When I started looking into the fitness industry, people like Greg Plyett, it's just different people in the fitness industry and I looked at their bodies and like, you know, wow, you know, I would love to look like that someday. And I really wanted to see what I could actually do physically in my own body, see what I could look like and, you know, push those boundaries. Later on, I switched over from agency. It's went from just like clothing line, agencies to more fitness modeling agencies. My ultimate goal is to own my own gym one day. So I can, you know, personal training, continue personal training and really just help people. It took me years to actually build up a slowly build up muscle. It was never a time that I was just, okay, you know, putting on tons of muscle or had a big off season where I gained a lot of muscle. It's always been a big struggle for me to actually put on size. When I first started, I was doing that full body circuit going in the gym and then later on, I did research and found out that doing like a muscle group at a time instead of going there and doing full body circuits, you know, really worked. So the one thing I can say is that I see the biggest results as far as just lifting heavier weights. Really, that's what's really helped me, you know, build size. It's not going to be overnight. You have to understand that a lot of teenagers are like, I'm not seeing results and I'm going, you know, you know, I've been going to the gym for six months. Now you got to keep going, keep going, you got to keep pushing. Even if you don't see the results right then, it will come later. You just have to trust the process. My whole teenage years up until I was about 20 years old, I used to be able to eat whatever I wanted. And I hit about 20 to 25 years old. My metabolism slowed up and now I'm really having to focus on my diet and more to actually lean out. And so diet has played a huge role as far as building muscle and, you know, losing weight and getting ready for competitions and photo shoots. Really, my diet is a carb cycling. I've always done carb cycling. I think it's one of the best ways to actually put on size and actually lose a body fat. So supplements do play a big role in my diet. Of course, it's not going to make or break your nutrition. Your nutrition is number one. It's supplements are there just to help out. The supplements I take would course be protein, creatine, fish oil, and multivitamin, CLA. And I like to actually cycle my supplements. I'll go two months with them and then I'll take a month break just to give my body a little break from like, pre-workouts. My goal into this fitness industry is really just to help as many people as I can either physically, you know, just mentally, physically and health. A lot of people out there overweight and they're looking for answers and you know, I want to be one of those people that actually help them to get healthier and just enjoy life. If anyone has any questions, you can ask me on my body space. You can connect with me through Facebook or Instagram and for more free articles and videos like this, keep coming back to bodybuilding.com.