I'm Kendall Lushment, athletic edge sponsored athlete, personal trainer and group fitness instructor. Things with fitness kind of just fell into place with me sort of by chance. I can't really remember ever waking up one day and saying, I want to work in the fitness industry. When I was younger, I never really was made to do sports. I kind of just decided one day when I was 12, that doing typo, VHS tapes in my bedroom would be a lot of fun. So that was where it all started. When I went to high school, my girlfriend and I on a whim decided to join the water pull-out team and that was when I first started weight training and off-season conditioning. I swam around, I played water pull-out, you know hours of your day to being with this team environment and I became kind of conditioned to this group exercise feeling that I enjoyed doing. So when I finished high school sports, I kind of had this hole in my life and doing the step mill or the treadmill wasn't filling it. So I started teaching spin class and then I kind of went with it from there learning to teach more and more classes. Now I do everything from yoga, Pilates, Zumba, Total Body Toning Boot Camp, Silver Snickers, which is a chair-based class for elderly people. It gets me excited. Like even on days I don't want to work out. I still know that as soon as I get there and I see my members, I'm going to be ready to rock and I love it. Being that I do teach a lot of hours of group fitness, it does have an impact on my own training schedule. Sometimes based on maybe something for another instructor or teaching an early morning class, maybe I have to re-adjust my weight training schedule to skip that day or bump it back a day. But on the positive note, it's really helpful to help me get my cardio in a fun way. I usually try to mix up my training schedule really frequently for one because I have a short attention span I get really bored. For two, I think it's just good for your body and general to constantly be doing different things. Generally, I'll do day specific to certain muscle groups like a day for my back and my core or a day for my leg and my shoulders. For me, if I'm going from one muscle group to another, I save a lot of time and it keeps the flow moving. I don't have to waste a lot of time sitting still and kind of watching the clock count down for my rest period to be over. Even though I'd done lots of competitions, I'm a cheater pretty frequently. So I was actually really good and I was going to stay on point and my competition diet was at no deliberate intention of my own gluten free. That being said, every time I ate outside of it, it became very obvious that that's what was making me sick. I was always told I had sensitive skin because I would have hives. I always thought I had IBS because you're either having diarrhea or constipation. For a long time, I thought I was allergic to other things because I would get the sore throat or inflammation. Include in so many things, it's hard to kind of pinpoint that's what it is. So go into the doctor and tell him that we ran the test and I came back positive for silly act disease. Condition where every time you ingest gluten, you get very sick. It actually affects the lining of your small intestine. It makes you deficient in several nutrients and it can also make you more permeable to different infections. There's also studies out that show that gluten intolerance is a real condition. It's hard to diagnose, but there are many people that say, oh, gluten upsets me and it's true. It does. It's not eating gluten, makes somebody feel better, more power to ya, being gluten free is not going to hurt anyone in any way. So if you like it, why not? Well, I have made a lot of really good recipes that are gluten free. I'll be honest in saying that I've also had a lot of flops. Luckily, a lot of manufacturers now are coming out with all purpose flour that is gluten free and it cooks just like normal, run of the mill wheat flour. So in that aspect, you could make pretty much anything you would with flour. I do a lot of recipes with protein powder because I try to keep my protein intake relatively high. When I'm eating things, I try to get protein in every meal and snack. So if I can use my protein powder to create something that I can actually bite and chew and eat, I get a lot more satisfaction out of it versus drinking a protein shake. It's like, where's my meal to go with my drink? For me, every morning, I always take my supplement with my green tea and my green coffee bean extract, sugar free and all natural flavors. So I drink it instead of coffee. Coffee for some reason, the acidity kind of upsets my stomach if I want to go workout. I'm not the type of girl that says, you know, I don't sweat, I sparkle, like I do not sparkle, I sweat. Getting rehydrated and replenishing my electrolytes is really important if I want to feel good after my workout and also be ready for maybe a workout later that day. So I always take an intro workout. The one that I use now, I'm a big fan of because it's a coconut water base which hydrants you faster and that's probably my go-to's. The people that know me really well, like the people that are members at my gym and my clients and my friends, they're always really surprised to see my bikini model like alter ego because at the gym, you know, I have no makeup on, my hair's always up. So they'll see a picture of me maybe by chance posed in a bikini on stage or in a photo shoot that's a little bit, maybe sexier or whatever. They're like, oh my god, and I'm like, I know, it's kind of like my alter ego. Same to me said a lot of the people that see me on social media when they meet me in real life, they're a little bit surprised that I'm sort of a tomboy that I have no shame, I'm kind of a dork. So it's kind of like these two worlds.