The Friday competition here at Mr. Olympia has come to a close and that means that we've got some big news to discuss about what we saw in the men's pre-judging. We'll do that momentarily with Larry Papi. But first, Oksana's joining us here on stage. Congratulations. You had a tremendous performance. We were all lucky enough to be there in March. At the Arnold, when he did another great routine, and I was actually corrected by Larry Papi backstage when we were doing the commentary. He said, it was not a routine. It's a performance. And every time you go out there, it really seems like that. But tonight, when you were on stage and you were doing that two minute performance, did you really feel like, man, I'm nailing this? Yes, you know, I think first time when I feel like, yes, I did everything what I can. I mean, I really nail it and all elements, I did clean and perfect. So yes, I was really happy with what I did this time. And you come out and you put on a performance like this. And of course, you win first prize again. We're starting to see a bit of a dynasty developing here where it's not uncommon for you to have the metal around your neck. Absolutely. Honestly, I'm so speechless right now. I don't know. I don't feel it because I'm so tired and exhausted and probably I need a little food to refresh myself. I'm all the time. Yes. That's a hammer. Yes. So, but I'm so happy. And proud to become next fitness Olympia, especially after a delegate here who is my inspiration. And it's just, I don't know. I was a little bit empty when she said that she's not going to compete. And yeah, I was always following her and she was a big inspiration for me. Did you see her speech when she went out? I didn't see Bataiher, the one she's on. Pretty emotional. Very emotional. He saw that she was interviewing over there for NPC news and then you came over and sort of like, I guess they sort of described it as sort of passing the torch onto you. Do you feel that sort of responsibility now? Do you feel like she's kind of passing the torch onto you now that you're just kind of this coming up and winning all these shows? You know, she is a part of the one of the middle because I become, I mean, I start to compete as a pro from 2007 and she was the first one who I met and she always support me all the time. And there was a time when I wanted to give up, but she always supported me. Yes. So I was actually talking to someone about that earlier today because you all compete against one another, but you really, at the end of the day, you're all, you know, companions because you all support each other, you push each other outside the gym because or outside the competition in the gym because that's your competition and you're trying to work better to beat them, you know, in a sense. At the end of the day, though, you still have that respect, that companionship and that, you know, respect for one another. Absolutely because fitness is a hard tough sport and this is kind of gymnastics and we always, we know how hard it is so we support each other even back on backstage just to do well, to not get injuries, you know, because yeah. Well, amazing job. Congratulations to you again. I'm getting the way it's a pleasure to be able to talk to you again on a post share with another metal around your neck. Yes. And it's always a pleasure to watch your performance as a team. Thank you for having me. We've got some more winners to talk to you and we're also talking about the men's pre-judging breaking that down momentarily. This is the Bodybuilding.com official stream from the 50th Annual Mr. Olympia live from Las Vegas. It's time to put before behind you and make after a reality. It's time to join over 8 million people at Bodybuilding.com who have transformed their bodies, minds and lives for free. Now it's completely disgusted with the way I look. Not so much so I ain't going out like that. Bodybuilding.com has complete fitness plans from the best experts, athletes and personal trainers to help you accomplish any goal. My health just started to decline and I wasn't happy anymore. Bodybuilding.com changed my life. Answer a few quick questions and Bodybuilding.com will provide your perfect plan. You can definitely change your life. I'm a prime example at it. I can go on to Bodybuilding.com. I can find a plan and I don't have to pay a dime. It's free. Bodybuilding.com has everything you need to burn fat, build muscle and become your best self. Go to Bodybuilding.com today. Change your life for free. We're going to be recreating the workouts from phase one of a breakthrough free acid HMB study done at the University of Tampa. It's the ClearMustle Challenge. Guys ready? Let's do this. Do you want game? Yeah! ClearMustle Challenge. These guys brought her her all week. Can you? The results are clear. ClearMustle is the most powerful supplement and sports nutrition history. Only from Muscle Tech. We are live in Las Vegas. It is the Bodybuilding.com. Potio Stream Friday is wrapped up. Once again, Ashley Colt-Wasser is here on stage with another medal around your neck. This is history that has been made tonight as well. Never have we seen somebody repeat as the bikini champion at Olympia so congratulations on making history tonight. Thank you. Thank you so much. To come off of a win at the Arnold and follow it with a win at the Olympia as well. Things could not be going better for you right now. It's been a good year. The sports been good to me and I love what I do. So happy right now. These girls were talking on the post show about what a rich field that it was this year with the competition here at Mr. Olympia. Then actually one of the judges grabbed the mic and said, I'm, I kid you not this is the best class that we've ever seen. Some really high praise to know that you're at the top of that class. Yeah, oh my gosh, it's an honor. It sounds so cliche just to be at this level where I'm at and competing with all these women. I used to be one of those girls that looked up to a lot of the girls on stage that I compete with. So to be one of those girls now, it's, it's amazing. I can't explain it. It's been good. You girls from your perspective take us through. I mean, because we talked about how just difficult it is to be able to go out on stage and make everything look easy and carry yourself with so much grace and make sure that the show looks exactly like you wanted to without making it look like you're working at it. But I mean, they did a great job of describing in the pre-show just how much effort it takes to make it look like there's not effort in it. Right. Yeah, grace, you got to have poised like it's, you have to practice walking in heels. It's not something I usually do every day, but it's harder than it looks for sure. These heels are like five inches. And you're wearing these tiny bikinis and trust me, you have to like glue yourself in there and really get situated. So it's not an easy thing. No, you're very uncomfortable like the day of the show with everything suit tight and like everything has to be pulled up and glued in and pushed out. So you're not exaggerating. We talked a little bit about it in March at the Arnold, but you actually like glue that thing on to make sure there's no wardrobe malfunction. Right. Yes. And I must say though head to toe like you just had it. You didn't have to try. You didn't have to suck in or push out. You could just walk gracefully because you had it head to toe. It was amazing. Yeah, I told everybody like when the competition gets tough or you have to too. So I had a bring and improved package from last year. Because I think especially when you win, they want to see you improve. They don't want to see the same package each time. And everybody can get better. I don't care who you are. Even if you won five times in a row or whatnot, always refer and prove it, always something to work on. So even for my next show is coming up. I'm going to find little things that I'm going to work on and improve on. So I, you know, it's constantly like I'm trying to grow as an athlete and improve on my life. Well you nailed it and I can't wait to see your future physics. Thank you. Well let's talk about that. I mean we saw Iris hanging up tonight after winning her tenth title here at Olympia 11 if you asked some people because of the split classes. But you know, she really had built herself a dynasty. Is that something that you're thinking about at this point where you're going, okay, I want to start to really rack up these titles and be that person that's always the person to be. I would be awesome. Like I honestly love the sport. It's taking me many places. I'm going to South Korea next weekend. So in that will be my seventh country in a year that I got to travel to all because of competing. And I'm with my supplement company, guest bar and not my, but, you know, I'm sponsored by guest bar. You know, I got to travel with them and all these different places, all these opportunities that came about just from competing. So I would love as long as I can to, you know, be a good ambassador for the sport. And I'm still, you know, kind of young. I'm 25 years old. So hopefully I still have some years left on me. You're 25. You can see the world and you are the best at what you do, which I think is what everyone wants to be. So congratulations. Congratulations. And I follow you on Instagram because I'm like totally active on social media. Yeah. I'm so excited. And she does like, sprints and handstands. She's an athlete and tumbler. Yeah. I love it because you're just like an athlete. Oh, I love. And you keep following. Right. And you just keep your, you know, you just, you're always like dabble in all these little things and fitness. So it's awesome to see that. You know, I, I really want to prove to people out there, you know, bikini girls aren't just genetics and diet and cardio. No. I know first and we're athletes. It's like, I, I worked for this body my whole life. Every sport that I've done played a role in what my body looks like today. You know, I, I ran to visual college hurdles. I ran track, you know, I had a gymnastics background. So all these little things like sculpted me to what I am today. And you know, I tell people, I'm like, I might not be able to lift as much as a body builder. Maybe, but maybe I can run faster than I'm. Yeah. Yeah. And you know, things like that were athletes. Just, you know, in a different, in a way, you know, it's, it's training a little different, obviously genetics have a play into it as well. But we're athletes. And I want people to know that. And it's another story of hard work pays off, you know, you have to hustle for a long time. And here you are with that huge, really heavy looking medal around your neck. Heavy. Well, well, let you go. So you don't tip over. But again, huge congratulations to you making history tonight here at Mr. Olympia. Yeah. I appreciate that. All right. If Iris is around, we're going to try to track her down. She is here. Thanks. It's the bodybuilding.com stream. Live from Las Vegas. We'll be right back. If you're 30 days out of a wedding, and if you're 30 days out of a show, if you just want to bring those abs and tighter because you've never really hit it, this program is going to show you how to get into your goal, physique, and 30 days. I'm going through 30 days of this program with you guys. Thank you for your morning. Hold on your hand. Walk me through it. Showing you emotionally what it's like to go through this program. This one's up, man. Showing you physically what it's like to go through this program. These are hard. I'm going to do TRS jumps. Let it share. Working as heavy. Go. This is 30 days out. Maximizing your intensity and your time, getting you in peak condition through nutrition, supplementation and training. You're 30 days out. Dial it in. Welcome back. Our post show is Live from Las Vegas. The 50th anniversary of Mr. Olympia. Truly a historic event. And then I got Irish College joining us here on stage. A historic night for you too. You're already one ten titles, but this is ten full titles now. Congratulations on winning that. But you're really kind of cap things off tonight by after winning that ten title announcing your retirement. Certainly an emotional moment for you. I'm sure. But take us through the win and also the retirement announcement and just everything that you're feeling right now. I'm still floating. As you can tell, I think every time I step on stage, it's an honor to privilege to be amongst the elite athletes of the world and to actually walk off stage when in ten, eleven plus through other shows under my belt. It's mind blowing. So I'm my number one fan. I'm my number one fan. And I just think it's all in the hands of the Lord. I'm following the pass that he has set forth in me and it's a blessing. My co-commitator Larry Peppy was talking about just all of the accomplishments that you've put together with all the wins here at Olympia and that everything you do to the Arnold as well. And he said that he thinks that you are one of the most accomplished athletes in any sport. And certainly probably the most accomplished athlete in this sport. And he doesn't think that there's ever going to be anyone that catches you. Do you agree with that assessment? I would like to say that, but just like when I was coming up through the rankings in the memory was my icon in my idol. I had it on my refrigerator. That's the body that I want to emulate. And that's the body that I want to compete. And those things transpired, but at the same day, the day is going to always be someone out there wanting to break that record. I would love to keep it for every day that I have left for remaining on this earth. But I know it's going to be accomplished. It's going to be that driven person just like myself. But I'm loving it right now and I'm going to enjoy it for now. Well, it's been amazing to watch competing for Lisha. I know that you've been a big fan of Irish for years. Oh my gosh, this is like, this is my ninth Olympia coming to you. And I've competed in the Olympia six years in a row. So I mean, you've always looked up to you and to be able to get to that level and stay up there and maintain it because they always say when you get to that level and you're at the top. It's harder than if you were to chase it. You know what I mean? You've been able to maintain that and that is very, very impressive. So absolutely. Thank you so much. And you know what? I want to say this to all of us as these out there. No matter what your sport is today, you have to realize those fans are the ones who's giving you that driving force. So it's a honor to privilege that I get all the emails and all of the things that come to tidy into help me be them to be a part of my prep because it's all season and it's also doing prep time. So I love my fans and it is honor. So every time someone wants to take a picture, want to say hi, we'll have a conversation. Regardless, tie, sleep dead, whatever it is. I'm there because this is definitely a privilege. Exactly. What's it like for you to watch Iris compete throughout all of these years and be so successful? And just see a female athlete just win time and time again and like Felicia was just saying, maintain that incredible dominance. Well, this is my sixth Olympia and the one thing I've always remembered is you always come in just an incredible, incredible shape. And so kind back here and just so kind as you're walking off the stage. It's because a lot of people who win, there are, it's a big fluctuate back and forth, but you like on top all the way. Congratulations. In a minute, my earphone is going to fall off my head because she's crying out. Oh, she's crying out. But we need to hear her crying out. Yes, right now. Thank you so very much. You're welcome. Every every, um, like, um, species right now, every, um, I can't talk. I'm so touched. Every compliment that I get, it's another one feeding into my heart, my soul. And it's another part of me that gives me that drive to go. So I appreciate all the things that you say because everything is not always positive. Not all the women want to look like me and that's okay. But when I have something positive come in my way, I totally appreciate it. Yeah. Well, an amazing athlete, even a better person somehow, congratulations on everything you accomplished. Yes. Thank you so very much. All right. We'll break down the men's pre-judging in just a moment. Live from Las Vegas, the bodybuilding.com stream continues in a moment. There's a moment when you must decide. A moment when you know that you've given it everything you have. Pushing your body and mind to the limit of what is possible, becoming what other stuff was in the hospital. And that's the moment you push further. It's a push fueled by the all new Enno at slow. The original free workout igniter. Now, re-engineer for explosive energy enhanced endurance and maximum performance. The new Enno explode. Push your limits. Push. Welcome back. It is the bodybuilding.com post show for Fridays events here in Las Vegas. We are backstage at the Oralines Arena. We just had the ladies at one tonight here on stage. Truly an honor to talk to them. And now I'm joined by Larry Peppy, who is, of course, talking about the men's pre-judging area. We saw really some very interesting things in that initial wave. One of the headlines for you. I think the headline for me first and foremost has to be. Phil Heath wins this fourth. Olympia be very surprised. The field does not come back tomorrow night and get it. He was in great shape. He came out a little bit flat filled up as he started to pose. So for me, Phil Heath wins this contest. Second, I believe we'll go to Kygreen. Now when Kygreen first came out, he really did not look as conditioned as he did later in the pre-judging. There were demonstrable differences that you could see on the screen, particularly way down in his legs. You could see Vascularity coming through his legs that you did not see early on, which suggested he was holding fluid. It also suggests that we could see a much tighter Kygreen tomorrow. But Phil Heath has dialed in. I expect him to win. I expect Kyde to be second. Third place for me is a battle between Sean Rodin and Dennis Wolf. I like Sean Rodin's looks. Sean Rodin and another guy who as the pre-judging went on. And this is really I think becoming a pattern which Sean Rodin's physique. Because we saw the same thing happen to him at the Arnold. Longer the contest went on, the harder Sean Rodin got. So I was just talking to Sean and told him that and he's going to start posing in his room. Before tomorrow night, which quite frankly may not be a bad idea. Because the posing clearly starts to define and dry out his physique in a way that whatever else he's doing isn't quite accomplishing. So as it went on, I thought Sean Rodin may have taken that third spot. I thought Dennis Wolf looked conditioned, but a bit flat, which also suggests that tomorrow we may see a much further condition Dennis Wolf. Because if he eats more between tonight and tomorrow night and eats up, we may see his body fill out more and see that trademark size that we're used to through his chest and shoulder region. So I think those are going to be our top four. That's the order I have them in right now. Of course tomorrow night, they will get judged again and we will see what happens. But those four really I think separate from the rest of the lineup. One other story line that I really took away from what we saw in the pre-judging is the fact that. Fill and Kai almost got into a physical arts like altercation on states. We knew the things were going to be heated going into this competition, even in the pre-judging. Yesterday at the press conference, very verbal, seemed like things got to the point where they were so heated. It almost may become physical at the press conference. But then tonight on stage, the judges actually were yelling on the microphone for them to separate because it was getting to the point where you thought this could get out of hand really quickly. With that a doubt, and I've never seen on a pro stage that level of interaction between athletes and what I could tell you for sure is I have never heard a judge that adamant yelling. That's the considers to separate and yelling to give each other space. I've never seen that level of intensity either between the athletes or from the judges yelling at the athletes. Look, it's not a great look. They clearly do not like each other. I think Kai really has a thing for fill, more than fill for Kai, but now it's become mutual. I think that I spoke to fill for a little bit backstage afterwards to ask him about it. And he said that there was a moment where Kai kind of flipped his hair if you remember any. And it hit fill, fill kind of laughed that off. But then when they were trading side tricep shots when the judge is called for it, their feet touched. And when their feet touched, he said that's when it got animated between the two of them. So look, we know that they don't like each other. The only issue I have is that at the end of the day to have a rivalry, we got to have a really close competition between the people involved in the rivalry. And so far, the past couple of years have been unanimous wins for fill Heath. Will that be the case tomorrow? I don't know, but judging from what we saw tonight, it certainly looks like a tethered in that direction. Well, $250,000 is up for grabs. Tomorrow night is going to be a big night here in Las Vegas. We will once again be alive right here on bodybuilding.com for Larry Peppey. I am Dave Fair. Thanks so much for watching. We'll see you tomorrow. Time to put before behind you and make after the reality.