I'm going to be a good example for my daughters. So, it's my out. I'll say deal with the day-to-day stress of my job. 14 years of law enforcement. I want to bring pride to the uniform. I want to leave a good example for my daughters. So, it'd be fun. Being physically fit, I feel that I could do my job for now, but I want to make sure I go into my kids at night. Nobody's going to take me away from my family. When I go into a house, I go into a bar, I don't care where it is. My size demands respect. I cycle to gym and fuck shit up. That's what I do. I want to take my kids back. I want to take my kids back. I want to take my kids back. I want to take my kids back. We're all in one's and building a day. Any avenue alive. No matter what you do, our work consistency will take you places. And this is taking me places I've never dreamed of. I was a typical kid growing up. And I was a typical kid growing up. You know, like up to more than eight o'clock, you go out. You play baseball. You play basketball. You play sports, you can. I played mainly basketball and football. I personally thought it was better at basketball. I didn't pick up my first weight until I was summer before my age. I was a senior year in high school. I got 177 pounds. My best friend got me to work in out. I was always jealous. I mean, he was a hell of a strong enemy. He has one weight set. That's why. We're there in a summer right back down to get 20 pounds. I have a very tall friend I'm six with four. So I had a great senior year and I had a full right scholarship. The number of students I was in Iowa. And just continued from there. I went into my freshman year at UNI at 2005 pounds. I'm going to put out about 20 pounds afterwards. I'm just watching my body develop over the four or five years there. And you know, people suggest, hey, you should be bodybuilding. You should do the stat. I'm like whatever. I just enjoyed being in a gym. So I continued after football. Mine is all the cardio and running. I put on another 20 pounds easy. Long story short. I sit here in front of you. 294 pounds. So I had a competition. I had a 2010. I had a place in a fourth out of 60. People across the whole country here. I see the email from optimal. I know that a session is a sponsorship. Okay. Sure, we're not. Any area on today? It's been a crazy, fun ride, you know. I think a law enforcement you had to have, you know, a good intimidation factor. The first thing I want to see it, fellow law enforcement officers, the physical altercation across the world. They basically just can't defend themselves. This is frustrating when I see fellow law enforcement officers that are that in shape. Being physically fit, I feel that I can do my job for now. We don't want to give them physical altercation no bite, but, unfortunately, there will be that one incident that you've got to put hands on and you better be ready. So you find that some of it's under some kind of drug. Alcohol is fighting. It's different if I'm somebody sober. You know, we always have, we get our beer muscles. I can be an if it's all the medication with somebody that's highly intoxicated. They're not going to feel the force that I'm putting on on at the time. The film the next day. Which guy would be ready for that? I just enjoy it. I don't see it as work. So I go on to check you cheese. If anyone knows the check cheese, just go play. You have fun. When I'm in here, it's not work. It's play time. The misconception is to use the form of ants and drugs and steroid. It's frustrating. People think that in order to make it in this industry, you have to take A, B and C drugs in general. I think with hard work and consistency, you can achieve anything. You can achieve anything. I'm going to do it right. Because I know at the end of the day, I've looked myself in the mirror and I can tell my kids. But I earn this. Now, typically I'm on a road. I'm on a road by 730 in the morning. I'm off the road by 430. I'm changing out the door by 5. I'm going to have 35 minutes to gym. I'm going to gym by 530, 535. And then, usually I'm hitting the weight by 6. I'll have to do it by 9. Oh, eat, sleep. Do it all again, groundhog day every day. If I want to work for you, because your body is not like that body. All of our bodies are different. I mean, they adapt to different things. Don't tread it. I mean, if you dread it, you're not going to like it. You're not going to last long. Enjoy the ride. It's a fun ride. I mean, it's you versus you. You know what? As long as you're happy, as bad. Don't try to work out to make everyone else happy. As long as you're happy, you look at me. I mean, I'm like, I earned that. I did that damn I look good. It's all matters that day. I was like, go to gym and in fuck shit up. That's what I do. I put my body through health with three hours and I love it and I walk out. When it becomes a true job, then the fun goes away. I like to mix it up. I like that fun. Is that you making a mix tape, you know? You'll kick him once in a while. You know, he got to make the next squat, rack, squat, heavy? Yeah, I think I'll have you. Who doesn't love that? I do, you're at, but I don't walk around telling people about the interest of my Max, this, I study kicks and I hear how much you weigh. You never see, you never tell person you've had. Because it's never good enough. I get it all the time. Dude, how much you did? I want somebody to come to you. How much you cab raise or something like that? It's always about the bench. You know? How much you try to put, I don't know. I don't know. You're being men on campus if you could bench the most. Which was in high school. But I love reps. I love torture myself. You know, pain is pleasure. I throw the biceps in with the back and I throw the triceps with the chest and some as with the shoulders. I'm not really much of a fan of bice and trice. They're like cardio. I don't like cardio. Birds to make calories. I just work out fast. If that's when the reps come in, you know? Doing a set of 50, that's cardio. You got to make time. Just like, you make time for Netflix. You make time for drinking your beer. So I pour out all these in life. And the gym is a priority for me. I don't even know what a macro is. I mean, I saw I've said that to many people and they've told me, but I don't pay attention because I really don't care. That means I got to think. I don't want to think. I just want to eat. I'm at a crazy dirty. I mean, who doesn't like burger? You only live once. You got to have fun. So it's clock awake up and protein shake. Then I'm back up about 730. Scrambling 14 eggs. Three packets of oatmeal. Back at home by 10 o'clock. Making me another shake. Frozen berries, some ice. I'm a little smoothie out of it. Love it. Hidden subway about noon. Put long enough. I'm a small amount of half. I'll smash a banana. I'm big on the way to the gym. I'll slap that subway again. Grabbing the other foot long. Put long enough. Smash that with some Greek yogurt. Next is just the same thing. Tz that way. I look up with my dad. That's simple. I don't have no. I don't look up to anybody. I'll sp him my dad. Unfortunately, he's longer here with me. But he showed me what hard work dedication consistency could do. And that's what I live by. And that's what I would try to install my kids. And the generation is in generation and soply. It's like, you know, it's building your legacy. How do you want to be remembered? That's a great, great law enforcement officer. I'm going to be remembered as a amazing father. And the person had. It was really dedicated to fitness industry. And, you know, we're tired and I earn my keep. If you have any questions contact me on Friday's base. Disco banks, Instagram, disco banks, and Daniel Banks on Facebook. For more free videos and articles like this, keep coming back to buydibilland.com.