Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What's up, bodybuilding.com. Listeners, my name is Daniel Bits, and welcome back to the BB Compaqcast. Today we're continuing with our meet the coach series where we introduce our newest roster of coaches debuting in the bodybuilding.com app in 2025. Yadira Iya Vargas is a certified personal trainer and bodybuilding.com, Master Coach. Iya believes that fitness should feel good, not serve as a punishment. Her non-linear journey into fitness started with a humanitarian career, traveling to disaster-stricken areas to offer aid, Iya found herself helping others while enjoying the physical requirements of the gig. Returning home during the global pandemic, she knew something was missing, movement. Today, the missing piece is now her day-to-day as a functional fitness coach here in New York City. Iya, welcome to the BB Compaqcast. Thank you, thank you, excited to be here. Excited to jump in with you today, excited for all of you at home to learn about another one of our Master Coach's here at BB Com where you can work out with them. Come 2025 on the bodybuilding.com app, stay tuned as we release that in the coming weeks and months. But today is all about Iya. So Iya, tell us what brought you to be coming to Coach and tell us the purpose behind the journey that brought you here today. It's definitely been a non-linear journey. I originally wanted to go to school for travel towards a hospitality. Got into a lot of humanitarian work after where I was just traveling abroad, doing work. That was very physical rebuilding homes that were stricken by different natural disasters. And then upon returning home, COVID happened shortly after, and I think it changed the lives of many people including myself. At that time, fitness and movement was a constant in my life. And when COVID happened, it was no longer there. So when the life resumed after, I was seeking that. And through that hobby, through having fitness as a constant, is where that seed was planted. I started working at a gym because at the time, due to COVID had lost the job. So I knew that I wanted to be in the space and I figured that just getting my foot through the door by starting at the bottom of the ladder, working as a receptionist was a great way to start. And being in that environment was where that seed was planted at becoming a coach. Travel tourism, break that open a little bit. What sparked that interest initially? So travel tourism is a hobby of mine. So I do it for leisure, I do it for pleasure. And because fitness wasn't necessarily in the scene as a career at that time, just lack of not knowing other options. I figured that that would be kind of like my safety not, but there wasn't real enjoyment there in terms of having an impact or waking up and looking forward to the day. I think that's where fitness came along and really changed the game for me. Do you have a favorite location that you visited? Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico reminds me of home, which is Dominican Republic. And I've been visiting there almost every other summer and it's just, it reminds me of back home. Amazing, amazing. So tell us a little bit about your coaching style. I want what do you lean on, whether you're working with somebody one-on-one, or you're instructing one of your fantastic group classes here in New York. Tell us a little bit about your style. I want to say it's versatile. When I started fitness, it was through a lot of group fitness classes and I was doing a lot at the time. And I feel like after doing it for a year or so, I started to really learn the importance of quality of movement and not necessarily always working at a 100% intensity. So as a coach, I take on what I learned the hard way over time and I try to instill those same principles into my clients or the members who take my class. And I just try to make them keep in mind that fitness is challenging and it's going to be difficult. And it's going to be peaks and values, but you also want to enjoy your journey. You still want to keep it fine. You still want to do things that's going to get you in the gym and help you stay there and remain consistent throughout the whole time. Yeah, I think, and I'll speak to this firsthand walking into the gym where I, on structure classes, I mean, a master motivator is the best way that I can describe her and really seeing her in action. And so excited for you all to get to experience this well. Yeah, how do you want people to feel? You touch on this a second ago, but how do you really want people to feel when finishing a workout with you? I want people to feel empowered. I want people to feel capable. I want people to feel strong. That looks different for everyone. That feels different for everyone. But I'm most importantly, I want people to finish their workout and have a reason to return. Have a reason to come back and do it again and again and again. While enjoying themselves and while feeling proud of themselves. Yeah, we want the people addicted to fitness. We want the people addicted to fitness. Why is strength at the core of your teaching principles? Now, this is going to be a repetitive note here for all of our coaches. Because strength is at the core of not only their teaching principles, but our teaching principles here at B.B. Common. There's a reason for that. But what's that reason for you? I think strength for someone who learned strength training later on. I think that's when everything changed. For me, before that, it was a lot of cardio, it was a lot of hit workouts. And there's definitely a place for that. And there's definitely benefits. But it wasn't until I started string training that I actually started seeing progress in my journey. Not only fitness-wise, but I started seeing how doing hard things in the gym, little lifting, made me feel, and how that applied to everything I was doing outside of the gym. It just made me feel so much more empowered to tackle all my days and to tackle everything else that I had set for myself. So string training, especially when you've never done it before, it just feels like the coolest thing ever. It's empowering. Yeah, it's empowering. I think, listen, cardio and hit, and it's all important stuff. The heart isn't muscle. We've got to incorporate that. But strength really is the foundation of a healthier and longer life. And my background of shared on this podcast before, I started lifting it. Well, I attempted to start lifting in high school, but I really started on just in the foundations when I got into the college weight room. And I got into that weight room. I couldn't lift the 45 pound bar. I mean, I couldn't wrap that out, right? And to just see that evolution, not only for how much stronger I've gotten since that time, but just how much better I feel on a daily basis, how much less pain I have then as an 18 year old versus now today. I just think that the moment that strength is having, having, we applaud it, we welcome it, and we hope it continues. Yeah, 100% in grading. I have a similar story before I started strengthening or realize that I was strengthening. I also dealt with back pain and pain here injuries there. And through strengthening was when I started to become a lot more strong. And that wasn't having those aches and aches that I was constantly seeing throughout my day. Absolutely. I think we need to start moving away from the narrative of something hurts. Just the immediate recommendations will stop moving. No, we've got to get blood flow. We've got to strengthen the area around it. If there's pain, we've got to look at the joints above and below it to understand what the root cause is. So I think we're starting to catch onto it. I think the movement has started, and hopefully it just goes up from here. Yeah. What's your favorite movement and why? I'd love a good sled push variation or a sled. Anything variation pull or a push. The sled is such a versatile tool in the gym. You can attach it to your X there. You can maybe just push or pull without it. You can stack it up. You can use it as a strength tool. You can use it as a cardio tool. So I think it's just, you get into the sled and no matter how much weight there's on there, it's very empowering to see how much you can really push. I love that. It's very functional too. It's something that requires full body output head to toe. Yeah. What's your advice for somebody just getting started? My advice for someone who's just getting started. I will probably go with the answer that probably is expected. Leases ask for help. I feel like when I just started God started with fitness, I thought I had to figure it all by myself. I thought I had to figure out what's the best program program for myself, kind of go with these insane diet diets that I will Google and just figure it out along the way. And I think if I had reached out to people who had probably some kind of experience, whether a trainer or somebody who's been just in the fitness world working out on their own. In the beginning, it would have saved me a lot of time or saved me maybe some injuries or just taking a lot of doubts out of the equation. And it would have made the process a little bit more easier, a little bit more functional, a little bit more effective. So asking for help. I love that. Ask a friend, ask a family. Ask someone that you know who's in the industry. Yeah, find a mentor, right? I don't think that's set enough for life inside the gym. Find a mentor and have them coach you up. Absolutely. Now that you've got your own reps under your belt, what you're advice for somebody a bit more advanced? Who maybe is hitting a plateau right now? This is somebody who they're always tired. They don't have the energy. They can't get that increase in the PR that they're looking for. What are a couple of pieces of advice that you have for them? Anytime the conversation surrounds the topic of plateauing, I always like to look outside of the gym and I like to look into how your nutrition is, how your recoveries, how your sleep is, how your stress levels are. For someone who had plateau for quite some time, I know for me personally, the intensity was always there, but the quality was very low. So for anyone who's in that position, I would look into, okay, what are those things looking outside of the gym? Are you getting enough recovery enough to come into the gym and give your 100%. Are you getting enough sleep, how's your nutrition? A lot of people we want to come into the gym, we want to lift weights, we want to give it our all, but we're not being fueled properly. So we'll look into those things that are sometimes often overlooked when we think about plateauing. Yeah, a degree goes back to the core four pillars of fitness that we look at here and really has to do with, of course, your movement and your nutrition, but then you're sleeping your stress, right? Those two have certainly gained tremendous exposure over the last let's say four or five years, but they are also the last places we tend to look when we can't figure out an issue in the gym, so I couldn't agree more. Tell us about your favorite signature product and why it's a part of your daily stack. And again, signature for us at B.B.C. It's our house brand. This is our very own brand and it's getting quite the facelift as we come into 2025. So what's your favorite part of signature? I love the way protein. For me, I'm such a huge milkshake girl for, so to me, having a supplement that is still nutritionally rich that's gonna help me reach my protein goal at the end of the day while not making it boring. I love it when the look cream, so it still gives me that milkshake feeling. Sometimes I have it postwork out, sometimes I have it a dessert, and I think having those options that makes it enjoyable, just works for me. Does that protein creamys or all the rage right now? Yeah. How do you feel your day? Give us an inside look into your nutrition plan. Oh man, I love spending time in the kitchen. I will sometimes prioritize spending time in the kitchen if I am really on crunch time, then spending time in the gym. I think nutrition is super important and it goes hand in hand with fitness. So I'm a huge meal proper. I buy all my groceries, I cook home, I make it an absolute priority to have my breakfast, to have my lunch, to have my dinner, to have my snacks. So yeah, I come from a Spanish household, so you can already have an idea of how I throw it down in the kitchen, but yeah, meal prep. I love that. You mentioned you love to cook for the house, too, which you're very dish to cook for the family. So Dominican dishes for sure. I grew up in the Dominican Republic, so a lot of the plates are just inspired from what I grew up eating as a child during my childhood. So beef stew, a lot of white rice, avocado salads, beans, and all that's such. All right, we're gonna need to break for a quick snack. And yeah, yeah, it has got to throw it down out back. Last question here before we go into our rapid fire Q&A. What do you do for recovery? What do I do for our recovery? I sleep. I must say, number one recovery tool, everybody, reminder. I take a nap almost every day, at least an hour, just because I have early morning's late nights. So sleeping, definitely a recovery. If I'm in the gym, if I'm feeling sore, definitely spend some time following 10 to 15 minutes on there. I'll do the sauna if it's really like an emergency. But other than that, making sure I get proper sleep, proper nutrition, eating all of that stuff. Make sure all those boxes are checked. Awesome. All right, you ready for your rapid fire Q&A? All right. Number one, upper body or lower body. Lower body. Push your pull. Push deadlift or squat. Squat. Buy steps or try steps. Buy steps. Yes. Morning or night workout. Mornings for sure. Favorite book. Tuesdays with the morning. Favorite food. Spanish food's a minigan. Favorite music. Depends on the day, the mood, the hour. Gotta hit us with something. Let's go with Salsa. One word to describe you. Go get her. One word to describe your workouts. Athletic. Yeah, yeah. That wraps it up for today. One of many I have no doubt. Thank you so much for stopping by. Thanks for introducing yourself to our audience. Everybody stay on the lookout to work out with Coach Jaya in 2025 here on the bodybuilding.com app. Thanks for joining us today. Thanks for having me. Stay tuned as we continue to introduce you to our roster of coaches who you can work out with in 2025 here on Bodybuilding.com.