There was a moment that changed me from a girl to a woman. I found beauty in my strength, and I was forged by iron. I began to live for my strength. I found passion, and I found confidence. I'm Ashley Horner. The workout we're doing today is completely in one spot. So if the gym is too crowded, find the squat rack, get your weights ready, and get ready to crush it. Today's workout is a different exercise. We're hitting full body, and it's going to be a rep range of anywhere from eight to ten reps and you're doing three sets of everything. The rest time is completely up to you. If you're going heavier and more intense, I recommend that you take anywhere from 60 to 90 seconds of rest. If you're watching this, thinking that you don't have a lot of time to workout, no more excuses, because I'm going to show you how to get it done in a very short amount of time. Anytime before I start my workout, I make sure that I get a really good stretch through my IT band, my hip flexors, especially, and even my upper body. The full stretching routine that you're watching right now can be found on the page below. You can get anything from a towel to a band, and not only does this work with your stretching, but it really enhances your flexibility. For the back squat, I have set the safety racks to the depth of your squat. So before you even load the bar, you should take the empty bar, squat down, and find the depth of your squat, and then place the safety bars right underneath that point. After you squat down, nice, slow, and controlled, you're going to completely release the weight count for one second, and then you're going to explode up as fast as you can to the starting position. Making your body recruit more muscle fibers. What you're going to do is you're going to take a weight belt, tie it around your waist, it could be anything from chains. If you can find a weight belt in your gym and attach a weight to it, you're going to get to a jumping position to where you can get your chin above the bar, and you're going to release down as slow as you can anywhere from a 5 to 8 count rep down. If you are not to the point where you can add weight to your negative pull-up, these can be done just with your body weight. With the negative pull-ups, this is going to be a smaller rep range. You're going to do anywhere from 3 to 5 reps, depending on how strong your negative pull-up is. One of the biggest complaints, especially for women, is they cannot do a pull-up, and they want to do a pull-up so bad. By incorporating negative pull-ups into your training, you will actually strengthen those back muscles, the lats and your shoulders, so you can get that one pull-up in that's been your goal for so long. Our next exercise that we will be doing is power cleans. You can choose to do either power cleans or hand cleans. The purpose of this is a full body of movement, and it really elevates your heart rate, and I would shoot from anywhere from 8 to 10 reps, doing 3 sets. Power cleans is definitely a technical move, and it can be pretty intimidating, so we are providing for you a breakdown of the complete movement so you can make yourself more familiar with your technique before attempting this. So check that out on the page below. Next exercise we are doing is push-pressed. We are going to be doing 3 sets, 8 to 10 reps. I want you to load your bar pretty heavy, and really drive that bar upwards. We are going to be working heavy on our shoulders, and you are going to get that extra momentum with the push-pressed to be able to get up and under the weight whenever you explode upwards. The purpose of this exercise is also engages your full body. It is a heavy upper body lift for your shoulders. It also engages your core. At this point of the workout, I want to reiterate that you need to move as quickly as you can, but it is also very important depending on your level of fitness that you take breaks and rest in between. Like I said, anywhere from 30 to 45 seconds for more intermediate to advanced, and if you need a little bit longer, 60 to 90 seconds is going to be fine for recovery. Next exercise we are going to do is a little bit different than the traditional style of bench press. We are going to be laying flat on the floor, so there is no need for a bench. You are going to only allow your elbows to go 90 degrees, and again you are going to explode upward, locking out your arms at the top, and then a slow release down. If you do not have a proper place in your gym allowing you to actually get under the bar before the lift, I recommend either setting up the safety racks right underneath you, or these guys, which is what you would do your traditional backs squat on, to be able to get up and under the bar for the lift. From the bench press on the floor, we are going straight into skull crushers. You are going to press the bar straight up over your head with a closed grip, and then only by moving your elbows in towards your skull to where it is barely touching your forehead, and you are going to press it straight up towards the sky. Welcome to the old school training exercise of Good Mornings. Today again we are going to be doing three sets anywhere from 8 to 10 reps, and if you are a beginner at this, I would recommend that you start out with a very lightweight, even just the bar and you will feel these. Good mornings are awesome because they work your entire posterior chain. Your posterior chain includes everything from your hamstrings, your glutes, and your erector Spignet, which is your lower back. Last but not least we had to hit our core and we had to hit it hard. This training you are going to be doing ab roll outs, and you are going to place your feet close together in the kneeling position, and roll out with your arms extended as far as you can, keeping your stomach in your chest right above the ground, everything should be completely contracted, and you are going to roll it back into the starting position. I chose this exercise because it doesn't only work your core, but it is a definite burnout for your upper body as well. Your training will never get easier, you just keep getting better. I am sure that this workout has kicked your ass, and I know that you hate me, but you love me too. If you have any questions for me or if you are interested in my nutrition and supplementation, please visit my body space, Ashley Horner. Alright, bitches, be a leader and go get your thumb.