The human body isn't stubborn, it's obedient. It does what you tell it to. It changes when you want it to. But the right tools you can build the body you want. I'm Brandon Foken. I can help you change. Growing up, I wanted to be big and strong, so my weight training reflected that. As I got older, I developed a lot of injuries. I torn my capsules and my shoulders, I degenerated my clavicle, among other things. Someone's instead of training harder, I train smarter. I changed up my rep variations, I changed up my weights, and I started to train a lot of different angles, and I started to find that I got a lot better results and I became less and less injury prone. So for today's shoulder workout, I'm going to do seven exercises. I'm going to be doing between four and five sets, 15 to 25 reps, and rest periods between 20 and 40 seconds between sets. All right, so let's get started. So I start every shoulder workout with a variation, I guess you'd say, as a warm-up, I do a front side raise, so I start the weights in the front. I'll start between 15 to 20 pounds, and I'll work my way up. I start about 15 reps, all the way to 25 reps, just depending on how I'm feeling, and I use that as a warm-up to do four to five sets, and I do a strict form. I take my time with it, make sure I get some blood flowing, warm-up really well before I move on. On first working exercises, the seated dumbbell press. I'm going to do between four and five sets, 15 to 25 reps, strict form, and instead of pressing up and touching the weights, I usually go straight up, get a good squeeze, go back down. And that's where I start. The next exercise I do is the standing straight bar side raise. I'm going to do between four and five sets each time, 15 to 20 reps, so what I like to do is I grab right in the middle of the bar, and I kind of angle the weight up, and instead of taking it directly to the side, I take it to the side and back. I feel it in my side and my rear delt, and you're going to get a great pump from this. The next exercise I do today is a dumbbell front raise. I'm going to do four to five sets on that, and usually about 15 to 20 reps, when I'm doing the front raise, I usually go straight up in front. I don't go too high above my head, get a nice squeeze, come back down. I do different variations. Sometimes I go one arm, I go slow and alternate, or I'll throw in both arms at the same time. I'll do a hammer front raise, or I'll go alternating at a fast pace. So the next exercise I do is the standing straight bar press. With this press, I'll do between four and five sets, 15 to 20 reps, and I'll either press to the front, and sometimes I'll press to the back, just depends on how I feel. Just because I lift higher reps, it doesn't mean I still don't lift heavier. You want to challenge your body, don't always do the same thing. The next exercise I do is a seated dumbbell rear lateral. With this exercise, I'll do between three and four sets, 15 to 20 reps. Your rear delts are a smaller muscle, so I don't hit them as hard. I really make sure that I have proper form. I usually go slower with it. A lot of people actually neglect their rear delts, so you want to make sure that you do hit them weekly, otherwise you're going to have a deficiency in your shoulder. The next exercise I do is an angled dumbbell side raise. I'm going to do between four and five sets, 15 to 20 reps on these, and I'm going to increase the weight as I go. When you're doing these raises, you want to make sure that you take the heads of the dumbbells, touch them in front, and when you're raising them, you want to try to keep the dumbbells facing each other to best that you can as you take them up. This is one that's really worked well for me. Take your time with it and have fun with it. So, that's my shoulder workout. I recommend doing this workout at least once a week. Like I said, don't be afraid to change variations of exercises. You know, one week do dumbbells, try a machine, try cables, but always change it up and keep your body guessing. So if you have any questions for me, you can find me on Body Space. The name is WANASGORE WNA SKOR on Facebook at teambodybuilding.com, athlete-brand and spoken, or Instagram at brand and spoken. And for more videos and workouts like this, keep coming back to Bodybuilding.com.