I'm not home on magazine covers and body building stages. I train the research labs and weight loops. I won't settle, won't stop, won't quit. I'm more than a cover model, more than a power lifter, more than a body builder, more than all those things. I am Swole. Swole is an attitude. It's no holds bar, never give up, works mark, one more rep, two more minutes, get big, Swole is more than size. Swole goes beyond that swagger. Swole is the pursuit of your biggest and best self. Stop guessing, start growing, get Swole. I'm Corey Gregory, co-founder of Muscle Farm, Jim owner, natural competitive body builder and power lifter in cover model. GetSWole is a product of my life pursuit to create a muscle building program that maximizes lean mass gains and minimize spack gain. I want to make it perfectly clear, this is a clean muscle building program designed to work for anybody type. For all you hard gainers out there, you're going to pack on the pounds because of all the constant changes of the routines. With heavy weight, high volume workouts, and the correct recovery supplements and quality food. For all you dirty bulkers out there, now I've tried it. You're mowing down on hand burgers and fries, just trying to put on as much size as you can and push heavy weight. I get it, but I'm telling you, you're not going to hold on to any of that bloated mass that you put on. So this program might be like a cutting program for you, but you're still going to be putting on quality mass while you lose some inches on your waist. For all you advanced lifters, you already have a pretty good physique. You already know what you're doing on your nutrition and you already know what you're doing on the gym. But everyone likes a program change. So come on over here, train, eat and supplement with some new variables. GetSchool is a 16 week 4 phase plan. Each phase of this program is 4 weeks long and you only change your program every 4 weeks. The first phase is the foundation phase. This is we're going to shock your body to hell and lay the true groundwork for the following 12 weeks. The workouts consist of high volume supersets with minimal rest. Next is the pyramid phase. You're going to get introduced to the training technique of pyramid sets. This is where you're going to pack on some serious size and strength. Then you begin the second half of the program with the pump phase, boosting the volume. To increase your muscle fullness and overall endurance. Inspired by gold narrow bodybuilding, I've pulled work out templates from Arnold and Adam my own twist. And finally, we're going to wrap it up with the detail phase. Everything you've done for the first three phases is leading up to this. Here, your cardio vascular endurance will shoot through the roof. But without sacrificing that size. We're going to give you an end up video that covers everything you need to know from training, supplementation and nutrition. Including a scientific breakdown of your nutrition plan from most of the form executive director of medicine, Dr. Mike Kim. Plus you'll have a daily training meal and supplement guide for each day of the plan. Every sample meal and workout will be broke down in detail right here on bodybuilding.com. You're even going to be able to link this whole program to body space and sync it right to your smartphone so you never miss a beat. Build muscle, add precise size, and get swollen. Scroll down and start phase one video for full details.