What's up everybody? My name is Whitney Reed and over the past year I've been featured on the cover of just about every fitness magazine in the nation, such as Iron Man magazine, Fitness Rx, reps, men's health and so on. I'm here today with Bodybuilding.com to discuss my experiences in the fitness world and to help you become a successful fitness model. Okay, first off, being in shape is definitely important, but it's not the most important thing when it comes to cover modeling. If this is your dream, if this is your passion to be a cover model, then go for it. If you don't do it, if you don't take charge of your career, nobody else will do it for years. You have to get out and network, promote yourself whether it's going to shows, go into the X-Bos, using different social networking avenues such as BodySpace, whatever means that you need to get in touch with other people in the business. Feel free to contact me on BodySpace, Facebook, all these different avenues to get in touch with other people that are in the profession and have gone through these experiences and they can help you along. Another very important aspect of cover modeling is to choose to correct photographer. There are many photographers out there, so when you go to the shows, you go to the X-Bos, introduce yourself to these guys, make sure they're legit. That's very important. There are some photographers out there that will use your photographs for other purposes or have other engineers at hand, so make sure that there are professional. They work for legit companies, a major magazine publication. Make sure your humble, make sure your polite and you talk to them, don't have an ego or an attitude. You must humble yourself. You can't go into a situation thinking it's just as fast-looking guy out there. You're the best shape. There are plenty of guys in the industry that I know that are better shaped for me, that look better than me, but a lot of photographers like to work with me because I am humble. I enjoy what I do. This is my passion. I'm easy to work with. Getting front of these guys, talk to them about shooting you. Why you're different from what you're self, why they should put you on a cover, why they should feature you. You get that relationship with the photographer. They enjoy shooting you. That actually comes up well when you actually see the picture from the magazine. I know personally that I've had some experiences where I felt that as a thousand of the best shape of my life, but because I didn't have a good relationship with the photographer, I didn't feel comfortable when shooting with them, that the pictures didn't, they came out less than desired. Being a cover model is about appearance, so take care of yourself. You have to go to these shows you have to dress well, you have to look good, you have to be presentable. Take care of your skin, take care of your hair, take care of your body, not only training, but make sure that you're moisturizing your face daily. You don't want wrinkles. For me, I'm moisturized my face five times a day. I want longevity in this thing. I don't want to have two-year run at Cover Modeling and my face being wrinkled from tanning over and over. I rarely tan only when I'm getting ready for a shoot. I'll tan a couple weeks prior to the shoot, but I use this spray tan for that because I don't want to ruin my skin. Make sure you take care of your body. Building your portfolio is extremely important. You get in the absolute best shape of your life, shoot with as many photographers as you feel comfortable with. And don't worry if you don't feel like your first couple of photos shoots go as well as you expect it. It takes a lot of feel comfortable doing this. I know with personally with my first experience as a photo shoot, I was extremely nervous, I didn't know what to expect. And I didn't think that the photos were going to come out well, but I worked with one of the absolute best photographers in the business and he made me look good on point. So don't worry about it if you don't feel comfortable with first. It takes many, many tries to get to be comfortable on screen on camera whatever you're doing. And since that first photo shoot, I felt more comfortable in front of camera and I've gone from there. Thanks for watching. I'm Whitney Reed, find me on BodySpace and check back on BodyBuilding.com for updates.