Number one, have a goal. Make sure you know what your goal is and have a written plan. For me, I knew that my goal was to be involved in a fitness industry in every aspect. And know why that goal is important to you. Don't just say that you want to be a fitness model or you want to cover one of the a cover model, that's just like saying that you want a million dollars. Who doesn't want that? For me, fitness is a passion and I wanted to be involved in every aspect of the fitness world. Whether it's cover modeling, owning my own gym, personal training, or now my refurbished gym equipment business, I wanted to be involved in the fitness industry and I had a passion for that. Know why that goal is good for you and go after it. Make sure that you take charge of your career and pursue your goals. Be motivated. So head your goal and also know why that is your goal. So it gives you motivation to train harder for what it is that you're doing. Also with fitness modeling, you must be flexible. Track your progress. Use tools such as body space to track your progress, take pictures and determine whether you're going in the right direction or not. And if you're not, be flexible to change the approach that you're using, whether it's diet or training and get back on the right track. It's also important to kind of mentor in the business. For me, Michael Hurn has been a big inspiration. He's become very good for friends over the past couple of years and he's helped me reach my goals and help me with progress in different ways that that I wouldn't have done it personally. Somebody that's been in the business for the years and can look from the outside saying, hey, what does what you need to work on? You need to go. It's very important to find somebody in the business to help mentor you. And there are plenty of guys out there like that. So make sure that you find somebody in the industry that you want to work with and don't be glad to help and help you along in your career. Thanks for watching. I'm Whitney Reed, family and body space and check back on buddyblom.com for updates.