So here we are at Gold Gym and I'm going to talk a little bit about my training techniques. I like to train heavy all year long. I focus my training schedule around the bench, the squats and the deadlift. All compound exercises to help keep that dense full muscle while you're training for a cover shoot. In past experiences I'd actually gone to more of a comfort team while training for photoshoot and I lost that dense full muscle that I wanted to achieve like I had for this previous shoot. I noticed that when I went to my photo shoots that I wasn't as hard and as full as I was previously when I was training with the heavier stellar training, I've gone back to that, like I said, I focused all of my workouts around the bench, the squat and the deadlift and dropped my rep range to four to six in the off season and then four weeks out from my shoot would raise the raise the rep range from eight to ten reps to really focus on sculpting and really getting that extra detail in the muscle. Two weeks ago with my last photo shoot I noticed that I brought back that full dense muscle that I wanted to achieve for previous shoots. So that's what I recommend is to train heavy but be consistent with that in train smart as well. It's easy to injure yourself in your training heavy so just be careful with the bench and squatting the deadlift, be smart about it, train hard, train heavy. As for training frequency, I like to train intense with weight six days per week. Also with cardio, it's seven days a week and I like to split that workout up from the two 45 minute sections. I do this first thing in the morning on an empty stomach, low intensity, that way you don't go into burning muscle mass for fuel and then once again in the evening another 45 minute of low intensity cardio. Who's my favorite body part to train or chest and triceps? These are also two of the body parts that photographers like the focus on most of my photos shoots. And listed below is the sample chest and tricep workout for you. I want to talk a little bit more about rep range. Before we go from a photo shoot, I like to decrease the weight up the rep range to 10 to 12. And this can be for anything, whether you have a photo shoot you're training for a special event which you want to look really good for really dialed in. Decrease the weight up the range to 10 to 12 and get that extra detail and definition before you. As for nutrition, I like to keep my meal playing consistent all year long. Excessive meals per day, 250 carbohydrates per day and 300 grams of protein. The protein sources I like to use lean, white meats such as turkey, chicken, and fish. With carbohydrates I stick to oatmeal and sweet potatoes. I like to clean all your long that allows me to stay in shape where I never get within 5 to 10 pounds of photo shoot shapes. I'm always ready. I know that within 4 weeks I can be ready to shoot. Starting 4 weeks out from my photo shoot I like to come on carbohydrates in half. And taking that down allows me to use a store body fat for fuel and helps me get down in a full-time photo shoot. Then 10 days before the shoot I completely eliminate all carbohydrates and that really helps burn that extra fat right before the shoot. Listed on the page below you can find samples of my off-season meal plan as well as my free photo shoot meal plan. Thanks for watching, I'm Whitney Reed, family on body space and check back on bodybuilding.com for updates.