You're looking at a man today who's lost about 105 within a year. And the reason why I'm here is because of bodybuilder.com. The reason why I'm breathing today is because of bodybuilding.com. Well, it all started looking at yourself in the mirror. And I went to a friend of mine because he's a fitness guy and say, Lou, you're getting too big, you're just going out of control. And the only thing that I was thinking about was putting a roof over my head, keep making the bills of pay. Do I got food on my table for my kids and my wife? That's what's important. That's what all men think about. So do we actually look at ourselves and say, wow, I'm getting out of control. I just turned 40 in March. So if you look in the black community, there's a lot of individuals that's dying. And the only reason why I say the black community is because this is what I know. I watched heavy-died that 40. A couple of comedians died just a past 40 years old heavy guys. I was next. I got a wife. I got a six year old son in a one-year-old daughter. I couldn't let that happen to me. There was no way I was going to let that happen to me. I decided to look on you guys website, I found your website, and looking at the transformation page. There was a gentleman there. He was about my age, 39, 360. He was 360, about the same height, 510. And in one year he lost about 100 pounds. He said, okay, this is me. That didn't move me as much. But reading the story really did because as I was reading the story, why he did it. He was on a couch. What is wife? What is daughter? Eat and chips. And as I'm reading the story, I'm on a couch with my wife, with my son and my daughter eating chips. And that kind of put everything in perspective for me right there saying, wow, this can't be right, this can't be life. I shouldn't be doing that. I promise myself, I said, I'm going to give myself one good year, to eat and clean and working out. After the year, I couldn't kill us. I just wanted to get through one year. If I could get through one year, yeah, I could get through two years. I could get through three years. But I just said one year, if I could make it through one year, things will completely be changed. I went into it just saying, I'm going to be a completely stupid to this. I don't know the first thing about working out. Let me get help. You guys got a plan. The seven day beginning to plan. That plan itself was a perfect plan for my wife and I to start. But in that process, I'd dare friend of mine that I grew up with. He passed away of a heart attack three weeks into my program and he was 37. And now at 37, having a heart attack, that's just not normal. I was looking at his casket and he was probably about 350, 360. He was a big boy, just like I was. I didn't see him. I saw me. His death kept me alive. And the reason why I do what I do now is because of him. Every workout, every meal plan is because of my friend Dennis Sheen. And we call him Tiz. I put a Facebook page up and it's called the Tiz effect. Because his effect changed my life. I hit my 100 pound mark and I was in tears. Reason why I was in tears for two reasons. One I shouldn't have gotten to that size. And the reason why I was crying because I just know I lost a hundred pounds in ten months. There's a million ways to lose weight. But if you don't do the fool correctly, I don't care how hard you are going to out. You're not going to lose weight. I'm going to just be straight up on the switch. And this is a guy who just did it. And that's when the weight started coming off like hardware. And I started my transformation. The one thing that I did is tell everybody. I told everybody, even if you didn't know me, I told you I was losing weight. Because now I got accountability partners. You might not see me in two six months down a row. But I didn't want you to see me six months down a row and say, hey, you still look the same six months ago. Then you tell me you will start to know a weight loss plan. That's how the page helped me because now I just didn't get local individuals from body space and from the community. I got California Detroit New York. I got people all over the place saying, good job. Keep it up. Keep going. And I'm somebody watching stroke my ego through your four times. I'm down. The bus driver's downtown in gentlemen's stop me. Hey, can I talk to you? You look great. My wife and I try to lose weight. What did you do? What is your secret? And that's the big question. That's the question. What's the big secret? There's no secret. There is no secret of losing weight. It's make one commitment to yourself and stay consistent. It's funny who you inspire. I'm trying to be like some of these guys and girls who's working out and doing shows. I'm trying to be like you guys. But they all tell me, no, you are inspiring us to work out harder because you're in the gym every day. You had a hard-earned working person that we have met. I had no clue. Even when I started the first three months and I only lost five to ten pounds. Individuals, hey, you keep coming here. Whoa, you must of a guy. Why are you talking to me? I'm feeling all big and out of shape. But I'm inspiring other individuals and not even know it. It shouldn't take someone passing away for you to say I'm a change in my life. Unfortunately, that's how it worked for me. But I don't want that for someone else. Bodybuilder.com. Save my life.