You will later the sands with the Blarden bone of all who present challenge. Begin! Okay, so here I am. My name is George Mietro Petrol, so true Greek and I got my main man, Nick Taurabai, who is on the badass show. Sparticus, God's of the Arena, as you can see, the guy is the shit. He loves to train hard core. So what we're going to do today is a little combination of a circuit training which incorporates a lot of core, a lot of stability, a lot of balance to get those abdominals. Everything is about the abdominals. This is everything. We're going to give it a little taste of the day, with Nick. Are you ready, Nick? Yep! It's like, so here we go, ladies and gentlemen, the party is about to begin. So here we are. We're going to warm up today with about three to five sets of jumping jacks, running in place and some squats. So it's not going to take too long, maybe about 10 minutes. We're going to start off with a warm up. It's about five sets. To be the five sets depending on the energy level, we're going to use later on. It's going to consist of jumping jacks, running in place and squats and some pushups. We're looking at about 10 to 12 reps. We're going to get into the workout. The first exercise we're going to do is box-challs. You always want to squat a little lower, so you get maximum explosiveness. So when you land, you want to land correctly. Well, let's see. You want to get as much effort as possible. Turn around and come back the other way. Now what this does, ladies and gentlemen, is kind of built explosive strength. So if you are a basketball player, a football player, you want to jump. If your dream is to jump and grab a rim, it's not just squats. It's this. Okay, we just finished exercise one, which was box-challs. I'm giving you Nick 45 seconds to a minute rest. The whole key today is to keep the intensity. The exercise too, there is no amount of time and there is no amount of sets or reps. You just go all the way until you can't take it no more. So what we're doing here now is adding a little bit more difficulty. You don't have to raise the leg up. But since this is going to be a lot of bands for the advanced guys out there that want the challenge, you want to keep your body straight as much as possible. So this is pretty unique. It actually works your core. Your stabilizer muscles, your shoulders and your lower back. You want to do as many reps as possible until you get to a point where you can't hold yourself anymore. This is what we call a Spartacus workout. No pain, no gain. Okay, exercise three. There's actually arc wheels. Again, it's sort of like the iron cross and the gymnastics. You're actually working your chest, your inner chest, your shoulders, your triceps. Again, note amount of reps, no amount of sets. There is no set number here. You go by how many you can do with perfect form. You can do it. All right. We're starting cold. Static cold is trying to hold it as much as you can before you fell before you fell and you suck it up to the end. To the end, keep going. Keep going. It really bad. There we go. So in between exercises, you're going to get 45 seconds to a minute rest. The next exercise we're doing now is I'm hitting it already. You probably got you probably seeing smaller versions of this drill, but this is the bigger version of the drill. So we're going to demonstrate today another way to get your core into play. So it's sort of like an abwheel crawl. You do five push-ups. Three pikes. And we'll back to the starting position. Three times. You can do three or four different exercises all at the same time where you're keeping the in a plain position. You're going to do maybe two or three sets. Two or three rounds or two or three cycles. We're trying to maximize effort here. We're trying to get all his reserve muscles and recruit as many muscle fibers as possible. We did about three cycles. We rolled up to about 20 feet. We did five push-ups. We did five pikes. Pikes work your lower abs. You want to contract your abs as hard as you can. All never sacrifice form and do it three times. You want to do at least three rounds as many reps as possible. Take about 45 seconds to a minute rest in between each side. We're using the pull-up bar. So if you guys have access to any pull-up bar, we're going to get up on top of the pull-up bar. It's an out of twist. I'm going to stand here. He's going to do leg raises and work his obliques. Two failure once again. There is no set number or reps. You want to go to fell. Here we go, Nick. If you touch me, you can do it all over again. Excellent. Wow. Wow. My hands. Two more. You're actually working your bleaks or intercostals. Everything on your side. Abs are three-dimensional. So it's not just your typical crunches and leg raises. You always want to add a twist to everything. We're moving on to exercise seven. This is our little version of a Spartan flip. We're going to do three cycles. As many reps as possible with 45 seconds to a minute rest in between. We're going to do that two more times. Exercise now. Here is a Spartan flip. We're going to do that two more times. Exercise now. Here is a Spartan slam. It's about it's a 50 pound bag. We're going to lift it up and the ground with maximum force. Slimate to the ground from the left and right as many reps as possible. We're going to do two or three cycles of that. And here we go. Everything we got. All these two. We're going to do it. That's the whole thing. That's the whole thing. We're going to run it. We're going to do it all over again. It's nice to batto slam some bun. That's what happens. You've seen it. It doesn't take that much. You're going to look like a gladiator. I'm going to love it. I don't forget to watch Spartacus. It's going to blow your mind. I also had it spin. Nothing but a pleasure sitting here explaining all these exercises. A little new. A little variation. Always have variation. Always eat clean and always believe it yourself. You can be the best you can be on Mark's thing. Buddybuilding.com. Thank you so much. Check those guys out. They will ease that best. Thanks. Thank you.