Hey everyone at BaudyDuring.com. My name is Amanda Latona. I am the 2009 Flex bikini model search championships winner. I am a team BSN sponsor athlete and an IFB bikini pro as well as I must have fit this hers cover model. I am here today going to show you a pro bikini loop training workout so you too can have sculpted bikini go on like a pro. If you're a beginner at exercise, don't worry don't be freaked out. I'm going to walk you right through everything. Start life. No you don't have to do the heavy rep range or the heavy weights like I do or don't start with all the exercises say two three instead of five. Although I train every body part once a week. I actually train glutes twice a week. I do it once on a Monday when I'm strong. I'm fresh and then I do it again on the Friday. I mean you just don't want to great but right? Yeah yeah. But you're back. Okay guys here we are on the lay press. Today I'm choosing to do my fever positioning which is feet together. It allows me to lift heavier. Get a little more strength behind me and also shapes the outer sweeps which is a very nice look to have. We're going to start heavy on this so choose a weight that it can allow you to do 10 to 12 reps if you need a spot or get one. Stay few as far as guys gotta keep it safe. So what you want to do is you don't want to start down here because you never want to have your knees going over your toes. I like to do right in the middle. Remember the higher you go up more emphasis you get on the glutes which is why we're here. Okay here we go. Also when you're doing this remember to press through your heels whenever you press through your heels basically I like to be able to lift my toes up because that's how I know that I'm definitely getting hit in the glutes. So through the heels through the heels. A way I like to finish this exercise is when say I can do 10 reps in 10 reps and then I want to do five more. I go to the bottom and I just do a very short rep range. One, two, three, four, five. I like to do that. It's a called partial reps and it just really helps burn the glutes out. Okay we're here at my stay bread exercise this time this one. I like to do lunges honestly the press has a pose to dumbbell lunges, walking lunges. I just like to be able to go heavier and I have to worry about a lower back hurting or a splatter usually training by myself and keep it at like 10 to 12 and three seconds. Foot position on this I kind of vary it but my favorite is far forward and I really like to emphasize on this the top part of my butt and that's what kind of gets it sitting out like a shelf. Like so we're hitting this second hour workout so we're still lifting heavy. What's up guys we're back on our next exercise in this is the ever popular at least to meet blood clasters. I love it if you blasts but not said we're gonna keep this at three seconds. Heavyweight I'd like to take my rep rate between 10 and 15 is supposed to be 12. I like to do a technique on this called drop test so what you do is on your lap test. You stay your weight that you start out. You do as many reps as you can. You drop the weight you do more reps and you drop the weight again and continue to do as many reps until you just can't do anymore. It gives a really good burn. It's a great finishing weight so your last step. What I like to do is I switch it up. Some days I'll do all three sets in a row on my right leg and other times I'll do right leg. Last leg right leg. Last leg is just a way to if you want to keep your heart rate up then do your right leg left leg back back. Another advanced technique to keep the heart rate elevated. Start with your right leg. All right what I like to do here check it out. Please please please please please please I don't just really shoot these reps out. I just push hold down. Push please down. Get the seat. You're back at the cuff. There it is folks. Love it when I walk in a gym and see a cuff. I like to do rep range is in this between 12 and 15 sometimes up to 18 just because you're getting a little better squeeze. You can do more with you know wider weight. You're going to do drop sets. The main thing about this is actually I can do this two ways. I always stabilize myself. So you can do the first way to do it is with the standing upright. And I do a little less weight when I do that. I'm going to come back a little bit. Make sure your knee isn't locked out on the opposite leg. Hold on and then basically just straight up. Not a thing I like to do when I go heavier. Which was up now. Main forward a little more and go out further. Really important tip. I don't go down. Never touch the bottom. You want the great thing about cables is constant tension. So this way we're leaving constant tension on my weight. This way just really squeezing that butt. Once again we talked about partials. So say if they're last set, they're third set and say we just did 10 reps. This will be our 10th row. 10. Go here. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. Yes. Okay guys we're here with our last exercise and this is called the hit abduction. Or the abductor exercise. What I call it. The thing we're going to do about this is we're going to go heavier and the weight of go heavier. I like to sit more far forward instead of doing the traditional exercise where you're back up against the floor. You're holding on your squeezing out. I like to sit really far forward. It just allows me to increase the weight as you will see. We're doing this attack baby and you take it all the way out. Another thing I like to do is same thing at the end of the last set on the third set. You know just do a squeeze, squeeze, squeeze and then just do partial reps of like say five. So there you have it. That is my Goloot Robakini workout. I'm Amanda Latona. Thanks for checking me out on bodybuilding.com and make sure to come back for more content like this. Doing a rep range for that.