Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What's up, bodybuilding.com, listeners. My name is Danielle Bits and welcome back to the BB Compaqcast and welcome to 2024. I hope you're all having a fantastic start to the year. Today, I'm joined by Kenny San Tucci. Kenny transformed his life at 15 years old, dubbing himself as a quote-unquote former faculty in a sense made of his mission to transform the lives around him. He's a former collegiate wrestler has completed eight marathons, three iron man's and believes in practicing what he preaches. He's trained in multitude of different modalities from CrossFit, bodybuilding, endurance performance, mojtai, and is currently a blue belt working on his purple belt in jujitsu. Kenny has trained some of Hollywood's biggest stars, including John Bond-Jovie, Leavescriber, and Freik Ocean, establishing himself as a force within the space. He's been featured in Top Health and Wellness Publications such as Shape Magazine, Mental Health Magazine, Men's Journal, Runners World, WillPlusGoodnessMen.com, Rebock.com, and Women's Health Magazine. He's collaborated with Top Brands such as Rebock, Under Armour, Adidas, A6, Rhone, Vidade, Bodybuilding.com, and CrossFit, Nazam, TechnoGim, and many, many more. Kenny is a creator and founder of Strong New York. The city's only health and fitness expo. Strong New York is an immersive day of panel discussions, workouts and conversations with best and class while in this professionals, industry leaders, and change makers who are sharing their expertise. You can find Kenny at the Strength Club, his private training and group strength facility in the Heart of Manhattan, located on 28th and 5th Ave in New York City. You can follow along on Instagram at Strong New York or at the Strength Club NYC. Kenny's and 2G, welcome to the podcast. That's one hell of an introduction. You're telling me, man. Wow. You know, when I think back on how long I've been doing this and how many people I've gotten to work with individuals and brands, it's actually pretty cool. It kind of gave me a little bit of goosebumps. And then having the lovely lady across from me, where are my hoodies? There we are. I'm wrapping the New York City Athletic Department. So this one on the Strong New York website has got to grab that one. No, that's awesome. I think you're so much. I mean, yeah, it's crazy because I still, you know, I'm reading this book right now. It's called Psycho Cyberonetics and talks about how, you know, it's, this plastic surgeon talks about how people, or he wrote the book and he talks about how some people could completely transform their face, but still look at them the same way, they look at themselves the same way they saw themselves before. And I think I suffer from a little bit of that myself because I still see myself as like this little fat kid from a jersey and it's hard to even with everything that I've done, you're like, I still see myself that way. But I guess it keeps me hungry in a way. Like that's why I'm always trying to push to do more. Yeah. Well, you know, those who aren't familiar with Kenny Santucci, you would have to live outside of New York City for that to be possible because I feel like you're everywhere, Kenny. So I'll across this Tri-State area. I remember you back from my solid days, but doing CrossFit at Solis and my C back before the pandemic and you hosting the fitting morning show at the CrossFit Games when I were a student there. So, you know, you're bio that we just went over and just those, you know, having you in my recent memory as well. You seem to be everywhere on the scene and community seems to follow you wherever you go. And, you know, we have a great topic cut up for you guys today. It's January. It's the biggest uptick in gym memberships that we see all year long, right? Everybody has new goals that they want to work towards. Maybe this is the year for their transformation whether that be physically mentally both. And we want to number one today define an overcome gym timidation. So number one, what is gym timidation? Well, it's another word for gym anxiety. And we see it a lot. Yes, it's a largest uptick in gym memberships of the year. But there are a lot of people out there who maybe still haven't started because they're scared to even go into that type of environment. So let's talk about gym timidation, what that entails and what you see in terms of, you know, people have anxiety going to the gym. Yeah, I think there's a couple of different levels of that fear or that anxiety of going into the gym. I was sitting with a buddy of my last night having dinner and he's a bit on the heavier side. He comes to the gym. He had rather do private training than going to a group class. And even for him to come in and do private training, he trains with one of the trans at my gym. He was talking about, he's like, well, I didn't want to go to a certain gym at a certain point in my life because everybody there was in great shape. And there's all these beautiful people. And I just felt like I'm not one of them. So I can't go. So that's one level anxiety. There's also the level anxiety where people go to a gym, like a Barry's boot camp or a soul cycle or, you know, some of those, the class form at gyms. Where people won't go into the class unless they have a spot in the back where they could be in the dark, where nobody sees them. So it's a level of anxiety there too, right? Like they don't want the teacher to call them out or whatever. I think deep down there is probably a little bit of them that wants that. But yeah, then there's going into a big box gym, right? And staying off to the side and not wanting to be seen. Now, I'm not saying you have to go to a gym to be seen, but you shouldn't have that uncomfortable feeling that like, oh my god, somebody watching, what am I doing wrong? Bubble button. So, you know, through the years, I mean, I started my first gym I joined when I was 13, 14 years old and I was just so excited to be there when you're a kid. You know, you don't know what you're doing. And at that time, a lot of people didn't know what they were doing. And there's still things that people point out, even that I do. You know, the other day I was, I put up this maestro that I was doing. So I had the club and I was swinging around. And I had a guy comment. He's like, well, you should get your handle a little bit lower on the back of your neck. And I don't take offense that. But there are people like that'll start wars and arguments over social media. And I tell them, so I think there's a bit of anxiety in everybody's mind. But I think you need to just go in there with the idea that, hey, this is whatever I do. If I'm doing it right, if I'm doing it wrong, if I'm sitting in the back, if I'm sitting up front, doesn't matter. I'm still bettering my life. You're better there than somewhere else, right? I tell people, it's your better off at the gym doing half-ass work than sitting at a bar and ripping back shots. So. Yeah, what would you say, you know, you said around 13, 14 is when you started to really put yourself in that environment. That's junk for a lot of people. Yeah. And we have 40 year olds out here who still haven't taken that step, right? What do you think, you know, mentally the biggest thing that you had overcome and putting yourself in an uncomfortable environment was? I think I was so uncomfortable in my own skin that everything else would be so much easier. Right? I was so unhappy with myself. You know, to realize that that young of an age that no one's going to help me do this other than myself. And, you know, it's a large portion of my story and my friends who have heard it are like, I know you used to be a vacuid and blah, blah, blah. I'm like, yeah, but that's where the mental scarring hurts the most. Right? Think about it. The trauma and anxiety that most people have that go they go see a therapist for. Aren't things that happened to them at 25 or 35? It's the things that happened to them when they were young. You know, we're near the most impressionable when it bothers you the most. As I've gotten older, I give a f*** about everything less. You know, I do what I do because I enjoy it. When I was in high school and I was in college, you do things to impress everybody around you. So for me, it's it's a very impressionable time in your life and I didn't like the way people treated me. I didn't like the way I felt. I didn't like what I saw in the mirror. So I was like, I need to get out of this uncomfortable state. And I realized pretty early on, you know, I started playing football. I had access to a gym in my high school and then when I wasn't in school, right? Because I grew up in North New Jersey and I went to high school in New Jersey City. I wanted to join a gym close to my house so that I could go on the weekends. And at the time you can't drive. So I'm like, I need to go somewhere close that my parents could drop me off. You know, then my older brother would, you know, come with me and we'd go to the gym. But I wanted to be somewhere where I'm like, I could continue to get better. And I started to notice differences really quick. And I think that's what people need to do is stick to it. Right? The most important thing and the one thing that nugget of information, I give it to everybody and sounds very trivial. But it's just the consistency. Right? I was just on it. I was, I was like, all right, I know that this is going to help me. Right? And I might not see today and might not see tomorrow, but eventually it's going to help me. I think a lot of people, especially today, with how many apps there are, how many programs there are online, they're really dead. So okay, I have to have this plan. But if you're just getting started, it's more so about getting up, getting in the car, getting on the subway, going to the gym and moving. And you could, anything, there's everything works, right? I tell people a time, you know, people ask me, oh, should I go do Tracey Anderson? Should I go do Pilates? Should I go run? If you're not doing anything right now, anything's better than nothing. But it depends on what your goals are, right? If I want to look better aesthetically, well, then bodybuilding is going to be at the top of my list. If I want to get stronger, well, then power lifting will probably be at the top of my list. You know, there's certain things that if I want to be a runner, well, then I should start running more, right? So all those things, it's like, you need to find your tribe and your outlet. And one of the, I just did a video the other night that we shot my gym, and I was talking about, from the outside looking in, there are still people who are like we're talking about, trying to find where they want to start their journey, or where they want to continue their journey. And you look at a big box gym, like lifetime or equinox, or one of these, and you're like, oh, they have all these amenities, and they have all this room, and they have all this but they might not need, they might not have the one thing that you need to continue to keep you going there, right? And most of the time, it's a community, or it's a tribe leader that you're like, wow, I really like that girl, I really like that guy. I need him to her, to guide me through this, because I really don't know what they're like, I'm doing. And then there are people who know what they're doing, who just need the accountability. I have a buddy of mine who's 48 years old, 49 years old. He doesn't work out unless he comes to my gym. He's like, if you're not around, I don't work out. So I need to come work out. So there's a lot of people like that. I'm the same way. I'm in the gym. If one of my clients says in show up, like, of course, I'll do like my own shit, I'll mess around. But I'll work out twice as hard. I had these young guys who I do, due to the kids who came in the other day, they're unsunday. And they were like, hey, show us some stuff that we can, that's more like sports specific to GG2. We work out for two and a half hours. I haven't worked out that hard in a long time. My hamstrings are still killing me. But I was so excited to be working out with like these younger guys, and I'm trying to keep up with them and you know, share what I know with them that I worked out, you know, it was probably the best work out I've had in like two weeks, three weeks. So I tell people, it's like, it's not the equipment. It's not the gym. It's not all the extra stuff. It might be someone or a group of people that really get you fired up. And that's what I think people should look for more, not necessarily the building or the equipment or any of that. It's like, it's the people that you who are, you know, keep you accountable for a long time. Yeah. So I think there's a couple of different scenarios, right? One, if you're not doing anything, just adding in any sort of move, go for a freaking walk, right? Just people, I think people, and I love that we're starting to see it more and more in conversations, just walk. Yeah. Right? We've over-complicated just moving our bodies at a very simple right now. You need to, you know, that can't be the only thing that you do. But again, if you're going from sitting on the couch to now walking to your errands and picking up a couple of weights, you're going to see change and you're going to see it fast. If you're someone who's been trained for years, and you're like, hey, I really, you know, I want to run my first marathon. I want to do my first, okay, well, that's a different story. Let's get a solid plan in place. But at the end of the day, I think if we're talking about defining our overcoming rather gym intimidation, I think to your point, finding a community and finding people, you can learn to have fun with because if you're not having fun moving, what's going to motivate you to get there the next day? Yeah, and I tell people, like, oh, I love, I'm like, all right, where do you like going? Because if you look at it from like an aerial view, it's like, okay, you get up, you're at home, you go to work, right, or you go, you're home, you go to the gym, you go to work, you go back home, right? That's what most people's days are. I said, if you were to fill in the gym with a bar or some, are you going alone or you go by yourself? Who else is there? Why do you go there? What else is there that draws you there? Because eventually the aesthetics of a place, don't really do anything for you. You know, you're better off going where there's a tribe of people or there's community or group or one individual where you're like, all right, this is why I'm going, this is what helps me out, this would drives me there. And I encourage people all the time, you know, there's nothing wrong with using apps and all the ****. And you know, staying at home, but get out. Like it's crazy to me that you're going to work out, eat, live, sleep in your apartment. Like go out and meet people and I think that's what people suffer from the most too is they get, somebody who's been to the gym a lot or goes to the gym or has it's been part of the routine for well, kind of get stagnant. So they're looking for something else, join a run club or whatever it may be. And the people who, you know, don't want to engage in that, well, there's a reason why you're almost like stuck in a way and you need to go and find someone else or some group of people that could help you continue to move on. And that's new people, that's old, you know, new people to the gym that's people have been to go into the gym for a while. It affects all of us. And I think to, you know, with the rise of apps, with the rise of some of these companies who are often more and more online programming, it's great for convenience. It's great when you're in a bind, it's great for traveling. It's a good filler, but it shouldn't be the end all beyond to your point. I would challenge anybody who's kind of found themselves stuck in the app realm for the last couple of years, especially given the nature of where we've been, right? But where we're coming out of now, go take a class, go to a yoga class, go to a hit class, go to a strength class, go do something where you're in a room with 10, 12, 15, 20 other people and see how you feel after that workout and comparison to how you felt after doing, you know, your spin class at home, right? Because when I even a yoga class for me, I go to a yoga class and you're just breathing with other people and you're moving in sync with other people. And that class ends, I don't feel dialed in more than I do in that moment. I watched his documentary on there was a young man that they had locked up here in New York and he got lost in the system and they were talking about the effects of being in solitary confinement and being locked up and what it does to the human brain. And after 24 to 48 hours, your brain starts to atrophy. It starts to, you know, physically reform because you're not around other people. Like we need to be around other people. We realize it's a society thousands of years ago that the worst thing you could do to one of us is leave us in isolation. And then when you're in isolation, the worst thing you could do to you then is put you in further isolation, right? Because death that you'll welcome death at that point. So if you're choosing to be alone all the time because our brains don't really understand the screen, right? It's not the same chemical exchange if we're in front of someone, right? Like I could feel that you're here. If you were on the screen, it's like, you know, my mind's drifting on the earth, but we're engaged in a conversation. You're engaged in whatever activity you're doing when there's other people doing it. Sure, your mind could drift a little bit, but you're in a room full of other people who are trying to do the same thing. And I think with anything, with a company, right? But the fact that you guys are at strong, right? Just legitimize it, right? We're now a part of something bigger than us, right? And what I want to do with strong have more people feel that it's like something that we could all move forward together. This is the vehicle that we're all on. It's not about one person. It's about everybody. So move in your self-forward with a group of people just feels better. Right? And I think, you know, I think all of us who are chasing, you know, that quote unquote optimal health. We hear that word optimal, optimized, right? That's big lately. Part of optimal health is building relationships and having and maintaining relationships, meeting new people, having engaging new conversation and challenging your brain in new ways. We love to focus on things like moving and nutrition. And now, thankfully, we're focusing more on sleep and stress. Those are equally as part of the first two. But relationships I feel like it's still that trail, that trailing, you know, key piece along Jebady that we're now starting to really play some emphasis on. I think coming off of something like a pandemic again, yet we're in your four of this now. But I think now more than ever we're seeing more experiential events. We're seeing brands put on intimate, you know, weekend events with their community. It's not go to this trade show. Those are helpful. Sure. You meet some great contacts there. But you're seeing it done on a more intimate, smaller level. And something that you're doing at strong too, it's smaller core groups that really allow for that intimate exchange. Yeah. I mean, you're I definitely believe that there's so many more people doing that. And I really, I read an article not too long ago about how, you know, so many people are obsessed with meeting a significant other, right? Like they're like, I need to meet a significant other. And we've been, that's been drilled in our heads since we are kids. Go, you should meet somebody. You should meet somebody, but what about all the relationships up to that point? Where I believe, and this what the article says, and it just reinforced what I thought that you could live without a significant other, right? My mom's 73 years old. My dad passed away five years ago now. She's living alone. She's without him and the latter years of her life. She's with him for 42 years. When I look at that, and I think of that scenario, she's devoted her life to this guy. And now he's not around anymore. But what's got her through the last five years and what's helped her so much is all her friends. All the people that she's been friends with. My parents were always with other people. They were always with their friends. We always had like family friends, like all their friends kids, right? That's who we grew up with. Very like Italian thing and jersey. And they, you know, it's good to see my mom has like this life after it. Don't downplay the relationships that you have with friends with co-workers or whatever, look to build those more like a Jim buddy, whoever it is. I think it's so important, especially as you get older because you meet less and less people. So going to these events, going to these retreats, going to different things. Where there are other people who are like, oh, you like that same thing. I mean, you go to Comic Con. I haven't missed a Comic Con years. I don't really have a lot in common with the most of the people that go to Comic Con. But there are guys that I've seen there year after year after year, friends of mine that I've become friendly with that I see there that we have this common bond. We both like the same thing. And so it's feels good to reconnect with them at even at least once a year. So I want that same thing with strong. I want people to be like, hey, haven't seen these people in New Year because we all work in the same industry. We're all doing the same thing. But this is an opportunity for us to meet up and be friends and work together or whatever it may be. So don't downplay the other relationships in your life. Yes, go and meet somebody and get married and do all the ****. But don't don't sacrifice all those other relationships in your life for that one thing. Yeah, I couldn't agree more. It's just having a very similar conversation with a former college team and a mind like, hey, we're in our 30s now. It gets harder and harder doesn't it? Yeah, it does. But you have to, you say you have to insert yourself. It's not just going to come naturally. It's the hardest part. Like you said, it gets harder the older that you get. So you really have to insert yourself in situations where the likelihood of finding someone with the same interest, the same hobbies, the same way of thinking. I mean, you go to a gym and you just walk into a gym. Not everybody there is going to have the same mindset. You find more of what you're doing at strong. More of these niche selects group of people. Like if you're looking for people who want to prioritize your strength training, maybe go to a CrossFit class or these lifting classes right. There are areas that you can start yourself into fine people that can turn to life long friends. And that's what, you know, my biggest example too. I mean, I found friends at my physical therapy studio. I found friends at yoga classes. I found friends through Iron Man training. I would say the newest friends of mine in the last five years of my life have come through those three outlets through modes of movement because those are things that they prioritize in their life. Yeah. And you can't hang out with somebody or even be in a relationship with somebody who doesn't get your lifestyle, right? You're living this lifestyle. If I can never date someone who's like, all Friday night, I'm going to get banged up and you know, party all weekend and you know, and then I'm going to do the same thing on Saturday night. I'm like, I don't do that. You know, and so it's going to, I like a rather go to bed earlier. I want to get up on Saturday and go work out. Like, we're on two different pages here. So it's like, if you're looking for friends or relationships, you should go to the places that you think you're like, all right, I want to live that lifestyle. Who else is living that lifestyle? Because then I should go hang out with those people. Right. Exactly. It's like I put yourself in the environment that you want to continue to be in. You mentioned training with the body, which lends us well to topic to the benefit of body training, right? Everything's better with the body, you know, for me, I first learned weight lifting in my in my collegiate weight room. So in a way, I feel that was handed to me. Right. I was very grateful in the sense that somebody was like, here's how you do it. Here's what you do. Here's how often you do it. Oh, also you have 18 other girls that you're going to be in the weight room doing this with every single morning at 6 a.m. that set me up for a very successful trajectory in terms of loving the weight room. I became obsessed more with that than I did even the sport I was there to play. You know, for someone who perhaps had little to no experience in the gym setting, picking up a bar, dumbbell, etc. You know, how can they, how can one have an experience fit friend, help them, you know, get to where they want to be a bit sooner. But then even to, how can two people who have done none of the things that I just listed help each other on a journey just finding that one person? Yeah, I think this and if I want to become better at business this Sunday, I'm going down to Florida for this business conference. And it's understanding not just gym business, every type of business. How do I become better at that? How do I understand finances more and planning and all this things? All these things? Well, then I'm going to hire this guy who's a coach who's going to show me how to do it, who's really good at it, who's done it before himself. So I encourage people with, I mean, I don't know too many trainers out there are going to turn away business and if they do, they're probably idiots anyway. You and a friend or by yourself hire somebody. I go and do private to my digital gym two to three times a week. I was like, I walked in the gym. I was already going there for other stuff. But I go, who's the best guy here? Like who is the best and instruction? Who competes the most? Who does? Because I didn't want to just go and work out and learn the skill. I want to go and compete as well. They were like, oh well, off is the best. He's the guy to go to. He competes. He's super into this. So I go, all right, I'm hiring him. And don't haggle with your trainer. It's like anything else. I don't go to a whole food to be like, hey, can I have half off this? No, pay them what they're worth, pay them their price. And you become, you know, I'm friends with him now. Like we chat, you know, I help him. He helps me. But like I love going and learning from him. And I spend two to three hours a week developing the skill, but also working on this relationship with him. And, you know, to me, that's super important. And I think people, if you're looking to become better at something, you want to learn how to use a barbell, it's not something that happens overnight. There are still like cues and points of a dead lift or a bench press that I'm still learning. And I've been doing it for 20 years. So I tell people all the time, go see somebody who's really accomplished. And you're, as you grow, right, in any sport or any type of skill, there's going to be somebody who might explain it to you a little bit different. As you develop, you're going to learn a new skill. You're going to get to a higher level in any sport, weightlifting, powerlifting. Everybody's doing the same thing. But the guys who do it at the top level and the girls who do it at the top level are doing it with mastery because they've done it so many times. The first time you pick it up, you can't be like, I don't get this. Well, of course you don't get it. You've done it once. So mastering a skill takes a long time and you should work with different, I encourage people, I tell my clients all the time, go and do other. Don't just do this because it's a lifetime journey. It's going to take some time and you're going to get frustrated if you're just doing this and you don't get it. So do this because yoga will compliment what we're doing here. Pilates will compliment what we're doing here, running will compliment what we're doing here. If you increase your VO2 Max or cardiovascular system, it's going to make you a better lifter. It's going to make you, you'll be able to do more because your cardiovascular system is stronger. So do other stuff, everything like movement, compliments, movement, you know, keeps it going. So I tell people a time, find a trainer, find somebody in that sport or that realm that you really like. There's so many run clubs, I think the city's overrun with run clubs. And I've been wanting to join a run club but it seems to me that they all start between six and nine a.m. And I'm like, I'm already at work for two hours, but I can't. But I want to go, I could go run on my own but it's going to be so much more fun to go run with 50 people on the west side highway. So go join a group, pay whatever feed it is, you know, because now you're putting your money and your effort in investing in yourself. You're becoming better. If I go and rip 10 drinks at a bar, it's going to cost me probably $500. And it's not doing anything for me. You take 500 bucks and join a really nice gym or go join a run club or something. Well, that's going to pay dividends long after those drinks are gone. Yep, you took the example right up right on my own brain because I happened a couple of years ago. Somebody we're having a conversation, we live in different states, right? They, they, we were talking about how much we spend on gym membership. I said mine and they're jaw dropped. I'm like, oh, I can't even imagine spending. I'm like, well, I go every single day. Yeah. And I'm there for hours, right? And I'm also working now. I mean, I can't think of a better investment than in your health because at the end of the day, what else matters? I mean, 100%. And this person to your point spending a couple hundred dollars every weekend at the bar. I'm like, so, you know, it's about priorities. I think it's about understanding to your exact point. It's the long game. And I think too many people get, you know, they get discouraged too quickly. Well, one of the things that, and I want to, this is going to be the sole movement forward for me is helping people understand that paying a premium for your health and wellness is so much more important than anything else. People pay a premium for like a shitty steak at a restaurant or jeans or a coat or whatever it is. Eventually that coach never going to, you know, you're going to be like, I'm over it. It doesn't look as nice. It was last season's Bible. But, you know, the steak you're like, ah, it was kind of overdone. You know, I wasn't great. I wasn't happy about it. So, you're never going to go and get a workout in and be like, I shouldn't have done that. That was so bad. I can't believe, if you put you effort into it, if I go and take the worst class in the city, I don't know what it is. I'm sure it's out there. And they're like, are you going to do pushups and running? Okay. Some people will be like, well, that class is boring. They instruct you to play a fucking good music. I'm looking for all the **** that has nothing to do with the workout. If I go and bust my ass and do pushups and run, I'll get a **** and workout at that. That's an amazing workout. If you'd like to do it, right? So, people need to start putting their money into investing in themselves and investing in their health around us and stop prioritizing all this other ****. Because, perfect example. Christmas. I'm at my mom's house. I'm sitting there with my brother, this girl is talking to. And I go, you guys live close to this new gym. It's called iron culture. It's an jersey. I go, you guys should go check it out. A buddy of my nose. It's a great spot. They have all this nice equipment. It's a good environment. There's great people there. As they go, you should go check it out. And they're like, oh, it's $100. I go, the ****, I go, my gyms $400. I go, and I have half the space that these people have. I go $100 in a lot for gym membership. My brother is a perfect example. He has season tickets to the jets. Season tickets to Yankees. Season tickets to Rangers. I go, you spend $20,000 a year on **** tickets. I go, what's $100 on a gym membership? I go, it's you go all the time. You go every day. If you really were to break it down, it's almost, what is it? $23 a day that you're spending, could you go to gym? And you're there. And you could stay there all day if you want it. You go work from a laptop there. I mean, it's definitely worth the investment. So stop looking at gym memberships like they're less than all this other stuff. Because you could go out to dinner, the hottest ticket in town is to go to Toree. I went to Toree. I went to Brunch there with a couple of friends. I didn't even like it. And it cost me $400. I go, I could have easily taken that $400 in that's two training sessions with a trainer or whatever it is. We'll prioritize the dumb **** life. And I think people need to prioritize the gym and definitely invest in themselves because that'll work its way long after all this other **** life. And even those two training sessions with a trainer, I mean think of how if you're setting yourself with a quality coach that's going to probably give you takeaways that you can then implement into your own routine because I get it. Not every, you know, having the gym membership is one thing. Not everybody can do the gym membership and then have the trainer feet on top of it. Like, you know, sometimes you can figure out sometimes you can only do that gym membership. But if you can just get those one or two sessions, maybe you do want a month, one checking a month. And just say, hey, I really want you to look at my squat form. I need a second pair of eyes. Have someone you can send videos to, record yourself at the gym and have that person of expertise that you can send. How does my dead look? I want to, I want to get feedback on that before I start loading the bar more, right? So I think that's huge. You mentioned something too a couple minutes ago. Don't box yourself into one specific modality. I think, you know, my, my, my pattern from college has been, I was, I was a sports specific athlete. I missed weightlifting. So I got into all the lifting. That turned to CrossFit. That then turned into just running and marathon running. Now it's Iron Man. But I trained for these Iron Man races, but I still weightlift three times a week. I go to yoga two, you know, one to two times a week. I do my mobility sessions with my, you know, physical therapist. I have more of a quote on quote CrossTraining program than I ever had. And I'm in the best shape of my life. And I think people minimize that too much. I think they say I have to be a power lifter. I have to be a runner. Everybody should be a hybrid, you know, hybrids the big word right now. But like, hybrid is the best way to be. I mean, you're just going to give you the most bang for your boss. Well, because you should be doing something every day. So if I said to you, hey, we're only going to eat chicken rice every day. You're big. That sounds like the worst diet in the world. But if I was like, all right, we'll do chicken and eggs today. We'll do state tomorrow. And then we'll do this. And you know, it's all healthy stuff. It's all good for you. But it's constantly varied. And when people tell me, like, oh, I'm a hybrid athlete. I might go through your CrossFiter. Yeah. Pretty much. They're like, no, I'm a hybrid athlete. I go, that's what CrossFit is. I go, you take any Cross high level CrossFit athlete. And they could probably run a five minute mile and have a pretty good deadlift. I go, that's, you know, that's exactly what it is. So I think more of those hybrid athletes should give a little bit more credit to CrossFit. And I don't even really do CrossFit anymore. I don't own any more CrossFit gyms. But I still think it's a, it changed the way we look at health and wellness. And it made people, oh, I like all you left in our life. Now I could do it all at the same place. Or I could do it in all these other places. You know, in your perfect example of that, you're, you know, you just took us through your journey of like how you developed. And you're like, well, I'm really good at this. So now I could go do this. And now I want to do this and I accomplish this. And then I could go back. Right? Because everybody thinks, oh, well, now I made it to this point. And I could only go forward. It's like, no, go back, get better at all those other things. Because you can never get too good at them. And is it, you're, as you become a better endurance athlete doing Iron Man stuff, well, then you're probably going to lose a little bit of strength. So it's good to go back, build a little bit more strength, which when you go back to endurance training, that'll make you a better endurance athlete. Because now you could produce more force through the ground and run a little bit faster. Right. And I also think, I mean, you're going to have different, I've said this before on this podcast. You're going to have different seasons of life. And the winter time, if you're not working out as hard as you were in this, that's okay. Yeah. Work on some of your weaknesses. Okay. I'm doing more mobility. I'm doing more, you know, strength work, maybe, and then with everybody loves you're coming out. We're in bulk in these traditional, in true bodybuilding.com for our all-booking right now, right? But it's true, you know? And you shouldn't be too hard on yourself. I mean, if you, like, going back to our conversation at the start of the episode, as long as you keep moving, that's going to look different year over year, decade, over decade, but you just have to keep moving. And there's a lot of people who are like, oh, I don't feel like going today. Okay. What are you love doing? What's your favorite exercise? There's got to be something you like doing. Like, even last night, I was like, I don't feel like working out. And I'm like, oh, there's always good time to bench press. So I bench press. And then like, oh, it all fails. Bench press. And my heart rate was up and I'm like, all right, I could squat now. I feel like squat, and I hate squatting. So it's like doing the one thing that you like, going to the gym just to get your blood flown, and it could be anything, could be hopping on a bike. Like a traditional warm-up doesn't have to be what you would think it should. All I'm going to go on the treadmill for five minutes or the bike for five minutes. It's like, no, it could be doing tricep press downs. Do three sets of 25 tricep press downs. You're like, all right, my my blood's flowing. My arms feel good. Okay, now I could go do whatever the hell else I want. Right. And mode, you know, motivation is fleeting. It's about having discipline. If you can just get yourself there, you can even have your rolling around the floor a little bit doing some like animal flow. Like, you'll five minutes into it. You'll be like, okay, I'm ready to go. The other day, I saw I train the lady who owns dance body and I hate dancing. I'm one of the people who's notorious for going to a wedding, and I will not leave my seat because I don't want to be on the dance floor. I'm as awkward as it comes. It comes dancing. And for me, I went over there. I went out of my comfort zone. And when she was teaching me the movements, which I didn't do well, but I'm like, the way she's explaining to me, I go, this is the same way I teach somebody how to move. Shift your hips. You know, load more weight into this foot. You know, extend this arm this way. It's it's all the same human movements to same. And if anybody tells you, they come up with a new human movement. Congratulations because you broke the code. You know, we're hinging, we're squatting. We're doing all the same things that everybody's doing in every gym. Anytime somebody's like, I got this new concept for a gym. I go, let me guess you're going to do these seven movements in the same way everyone else is doing it. So, you know, just move, just get your body, get your body moving as much as you possibly can. Yeah, I know somebody, I know somebody used to say, it's I wash, right? A lot of it's just I wash at the end of the dance. Like we we love to just create these super compound movements. And then we're doing seven things. Like it all comes down to like your squat. You're doing up your push or press. You're going to pull the bell off the ground and put it over your head. Right. I've seen it a couple times before. Right. We've touched on it a couple times Kenny in this episode, you know, building community through fitness and how important it is not only to, you know, help you, you know, reach your goal. It's not only help you have fun, but I mean, it can create dividends that just last a lifetime. So, one of your top tips because you have experience in this, one of your top tips for starting a community. You've done it many times here in New York today. Where do you start? Extending the olive branch, right? And it starts with one person. When I, during the pandemic, when everything fell apart and we weren't doing it, I took and I was one of the first people. I think I was the first person. I went over to the park on 28th and 10th Avenue, which is right here. And I walked over there, in my backpack, I had a TORX. And this whole thing that I just had lying around my house. A couple bands, I had a kettlebell and I had a couple of these other types of bands. Anyway, like short bands along bands, whatever. I go over the park and I just started working out and I fill myself and three of my clients were like, I was just with them on Friday. This is like Monday when they shut down New York. And I go, yeah, I'm over here. They were like, could we come join you? So I was like, yeah, yeah, come by. And I just put so much effort into these three people. Three became six, six became 12, 12 became but there are times when even with my business and I've been doing this a long time in New York, there's abs and flows, right? There's sometimes where I'm like, God, I don't have enough hours in the day to take care of all these clients. And then there's other times where I'm like, where is everyone? You just need to continuously focus on delivering up as much effort and as much value into each person as you can. And when you're trying to bring other people in, always extend the all of branch, right? Give a free session or go and volunteer your time or do whatever it takes to kind of draw people in. You know, you always want to be the person who was the first to initiate that good feeling. Like, hey, I'm doing this because I want to be a part of your tribe where I want to support you or continue to. A lot of things that I've done and the relationships I've gotten were through, hey, listen, I really, and I respect what you're doing. I enjoy what you're doing. I want to support you. And I'll invest in you, right? If you put, if you start putting your money where your mouth is and start supporting what other people are doing, then they're going to reciprocate and they want to be around you. And that's how you build community relationships. Not by, well, I like what they're doing. So I'm going to go and do my own thing. No, join them. They're already doing it. You know, somebody's asking me the other day. They're like, oh, you should do boxing this. I'm like, yes, I've done that before. I've done it, you know, years of boxing and movie titles. Why would I go start my own gym though? I'm not that good at it. I rather bring in somebody and pay them to do it really well. Because then now I'm putting all this effort into something. I'm really not that good at it. And it's taking away from what I am good at. So support other people extend the olive branch and invest in what other people are doing. That's a great point. I think we're seeing more and more specialty gyms. But in a way, if you have a gym where you have a day of the week, they have the boxing class and then they have the hybrid class and they have the, the barbell class, right? You're going to, I feel like you're going to build a stronger community at a place like that. Then you are a solely a boxing gym, solely a strength gym. So it's a great point. But how do you maintain the buy-in over time? Like we're talking years, right? How do we keep them coming back? That, I mean, that's the hardest thing, right? Getting people in the doors might be a little bit easier than retention. And I think retention comes from truly loving what you do and building those relationships. I have clients that I've got to be 10 years now. I can name three people off the top. I had that I have for like 10 plus years. Now in New York City, it's a lot more transient than if you're in Westchester or you know, Oklahoma where people live there and they never move. So for me, it's, you know, people come and go. So I always say my best clients always leave. You know, the hype, you know, my richest clients, my poorest clients, whoever they are, they have runs the gamut of like people are like, I'm fed up with New York, I'm leaving. But the people who have stayed, you know, kind of buy into it and they feel like your family, you know, during the pandemic, there was a group of us that we would go eat at somebody's apartment every night, you know, because we had nobody else. Everybody else's family lives somewhere else or, you know, people were afraid to go anywhere else, but we were all together. So we would eat together. And I always say none of us got sick, none of us got COVID during that time. Obviously, like a year later, when everybody got the Omnacron and whatever the f***s call, you know, everybody got it then. But when we were together in the thick of it, everybody was fine. And it was great. And we created this community and now there's this longevity that we have in this friendship that we have. That a lot of my clients look at me, you know, more as a friend than their coach or their trainer. Right. Let's let that formality existing between the two of you, right? But back to what we said before, it's like building a real relationship with these people, you know, you want to be, you and you'll hear a hundred people don't get too close to your clients. It has to be professional, but eventually you start to build a real relationship with these people where you look at them differently, you know, and if they care about your business, like they should as a friend, if I'm going to go and buy, let's say you sell shampoo. Well, why when I go buy your shampoo, you're my friend, I know you. Like, I'm going to spend money on shampoo, why when I buy my friend stuff. And that's the way I've always let even went strong. It's I'm going to pay somebody to do the lighting and all this or have a DJ there. I'm going to go pay a guy I know rather than somebody I don't know because that's my way of showing support to my friend and that builds our relationship. Now it, it, it, it'll text me and be like, hey, when strong, so I could save the date because they know I'm going to hire them. I'm going to spend the money and I'm not like nickel and diamond. Could I get it for a cheaper price? Somebody's going to charge me this price. I rather give it to you. Right. You know, so they're going to go and train somewhere. They know they have to pay for it. They rather pay you because now you're their friend. Right. You know, and I feel like there's something so pure starting a relationship based off of just someone trying to help you. Like, remove the transactional aspect of it, right? Because I really do believe if you're in these professions, you're a coach, you're a trainer, you're a physical therapist. I mean, there's a reason you're in that field. And if you're in it long enough, you know that they're serious about it. They really do care at the end of the day about helping someone live a longer and better life. And I feel like there's not a more pure way to start a relationship than that one. And I feel like that's why you get so close to your coaches, to your trainers, to your physical therapist. Not only have they helped you either overcome something, reach a goal, and just helped you, you know, do something that at one point was unattainable in your mind. But you develop a trust that I feel like is so uniquely different than someone you just met on the street, right? Yeah. Absolutely. No, I think there's personality types that gravitate towards certain jobs. You know, I think most trainers have a similar person. Most of your ego-tistical, most of them are, you know, want to do things on their own. They want to build their own brand or build their own business. It's not by coincidence that everybody wants the same thing. That's that's that archetype. That's that type of personality and they drift towards that job. Do I believe that, you know, most trainers, good trainers want to help other people 100%. And the one thing that I'm going to say, if you want to call me a selfish asshole for, I am 100% selfish because I get so much joy out of watching somebody change, out of watching somebody get better because it makes me feel good. So I'm getting joy out of their joy. So I need that. And it makes me feel better every day because now I feel like I have a purpose. I had a job when I was out of high school. My uncle got me a job down at Port Norse. Right? It's a shipping yard. Everybody who I ever got hired with back then still works at job 25 years later, 30 years later, whatever. And they're like, I can't believe you left. I go, that place was miserable to me. I felt I had no purpose there. I'm sitting there, sit on a computer. I could sleep if I wanted to. I wasn't getting anything done. I'm around a bunch of other miserable assholes who will make way too much money. Like there are guys I'm friends with. Make $3,500,000 a year working down there, doing absolutely nothing. Working two, three hours a day. I hated it. They loved it. I'm like, I got to get the **** out of here. This is miserable to me. I go and get my first training job at Equinox years later, making absolutely no money, cleaning up weights. But the one or two clients that I had, I was like, oh my god, I'm really helping this person. Like, I'm doing what I love every day. I'm going to a place. I love to be in this environment. This call me selfish. Yeah, I'm going to selfish. Comes that. I want to see these people get better because I know if I could get you better and he feels better, and he feels better. Well, then there's less animosity. Then you want to be my friend. Then you want to be around me. And I crave that. So, it's crazy to think that people don't want to see other people when because I think we do. And when you when you truly believe that, then you'll start to see people change. Yeah. And you know, I don't think what you're saying is a bad thing. It's so funny. I just was speaking to someone. I was like, why did becoming, you know, selfish to a degree become such a bad thing? Because I mean, if you're putting, you know, at the forefront of your life, what makes you feel the best, then aren't you going to be kind of for a lack of a better term, exporting those same feel good chemicals? Like, if what you're doing on a daily basis, light you up, then you're going to light the rest of the people on your life up. So, I've never understood, you know, when someone somebody called somebody selfish because ultimately they're just choosing to do what makes them the happiest. Well, that's what I feel like the purpose we should all be chasing. You know, we all sent it. When somebody walks in the room in their angry and pissed off miserable, which I used to feel when I worked at my old job, I'm like, everybody here hates being there. They're making money, but that's the only driving force to either here. I love walking into my gym because there was a guy there. Like, that makes me feel good, that they're feel that they feel good. When I walk in, it's 5 a.m. 5 30 a.m. and people are sitting there. I'm like, oh, what's going on? Because I'm excited to be there. Now that brightens their day, they're excited to be there. So, it changes when you're doing something you love and you're around people who are like, might not even be excited about it, but you have this energy. Well, you're going to, that becomes very infectious. I don't know if you've ever been to like a Tony Robbins or something, but you can walk in there and everybody's fired up. So, even if you're not, you're like, I got to pretend they're fired up now. I want to be the guy who would have pushed him. Yeah, I'm like, oh, these are really into this. You know? Yeah. Yeah, tell us a little bit about what you're doing at Strong New York. Tell us the tone that you're setting there and you just gave us a little bit of it, right? What, the feeling that you're hoping to evoke on people who are walking through the doors, what are you doing over there? The original idea was because I was working with so many brands that I fell in love with the owners who treated me like that, who, you know, mentors. You know, I can never forget working with Fiddade. Fiddade was the best. You know, the guys who owned that company, Aaron, and all Ryan are just guys I love to be in around. You know, I met these guys early on. They were sling in cans out of the back, the trunk of their car at Waterpalooza. And this is like 2012, 2013. And they just wanted to have a good time and they wanted to sell their product and they really believed in it. And I was like, I'm in. It was infectious. I'm like, I'm on board. What do you guys need? How could I help? I'll sell it in my gym. I'll do whatever. So for me, it was like, how do I get more cans? How could I help these guys sell more cans? With a brand that I love. And then another friend of mine had a supplement brand. Right? He had this protein powder. And he was like, well, I just want to get this in more the hands and more people. And I'm like, I, well, I have people. I have 700 people in my gym. So back in 2015, 2016, I was like, I'm going to just do this event. And I'm going to have a ton of people coming. I'll bring all these brands and all these experts that I had access to for all these years. I was working with Reebok at the time. And I pitched it to them. I was like, why don't we do like this health and wellness expo? Because I just went to perform better. The LA fit expo, the Arnold Olympia. I went to all these shows. And I'm like, they're all over the country. There's nothing here in New York. We should do something here in New York. You know, and there's so many brands here. And there's so many trainers here. And there's so many people. There's 8 million people just in the city. So that's where I all started. I wanted to help my friends out. And I wanted to help my clients and stuff. Meet all these cool brands and, you know, work with these people and get excited about fitness. It was just my way of sharing everything that I had. You know, growing up, nothing I had was just mine. I grew up with two brothers and a sister. And, you know, we shared everything. I never had my own bedroom until I moved into the city by myself. So everything I had, I had to share. So I wanted to share all this stuff that I've gotten over the collected over the years. And now it's a perfect example. I was down in the seaport. And there's this woman. She's like, she had this granola. It was actually at strong. Right? And she's this lady and her family, started this granola company. I had a nutleneerturzy. And she's pushing. I was like, oh, what's your goal with this? She's like, I just want to get in the hands more people I go. Well, you ran into the right guy today. You know, and now she sold out of everything she had. It's strong. And I go, that's where I want that makes me so excited that this woman's now launching her business from my event. And now she's like, well, I'm doing what I love to do. And it's, I'm doing all the advertising. I'm doing all the marketing. I'm making sure people come through the door. All you got to do is show up and give people the product that you want to give them. And then these people are in turn like, oh, this is a better form of granola that I should be eating than the **** that I've been buying off the shelves. Well, I'll just buy this one. To me, it just makes perfect sense. Right? And then with the speakers and stuff, you know, Don and Gunner, guys, I've been friends with for years now. And I really appreciate what they do. And I idolize them and look up to them. And they're, you know, the reason why I continue on because here's guys who are 10 years older than me, 15 years older than me. And they're still doing it. They're still doing the thing, right? Everybody's like, I want to be a trainer, but I don't want to do it when I'm 40. 50. But they're still doing it. And these are the best guys in the game. And they have way more money than most trainers. I know if not all trainers. I go, so if they're still doing it, why when I still do it? So I put them at the forefront because I'm like, well, they're leading the charge. And that's why I look up to them. That's why I respect and with them a part of this, they lend so much credibility of what I'm doing. But and I give them the opportunity to now be in front of people and teach what they know. And only they know because they've been doing it longer than anybody else. So they have wisdom that you can't buy. I want to keep it intimate. And the goal is to eventually get it to a point where it's like 4500, 5000 people, maybe in 6000 people where it's still intimate enough that people can hang out meet people. And it's not so crazy. Like in a couple of weeks, I'm going to go to the Arnold. And there's like 300,000 people there. And it's just like too much. You get kind of get lost in it. I want it to be like a premium experience. And I don't want you to be an expert. I want it to be an experience where people could come and you could come and work out and bring your kids and it's a fun environment. And there's, you know, people are launching books from there and launching products and things like that. I just want it to be a New York version of what I've seen everywhere else. Yeah. And, you know, for listeners out there, if you did catch our social, we did attend this event event in 2023. We're excited for the 2024. You released the 2024 date, right? What is it? Over for. I have to toprify the New York City, Mark your calendars. It really to your point. It's an intimate event. And I think that's what makes it so special. You are able to absorb and learn so much information that you really don't see at a lot of these larger events, not taking anything away from them. You know, they're beast in their own respect. But you meet so many people. Kenny brings in really quality talent to speak at these events. So it's an awesome day to be a part of. So definitely keep your eyes peeled for strong New York coming in 2024. And then you have the club too. So I mean, you guys are doing this every day in New York City with the community that you've built there. Tell us a little bit about what you guys are doing on the club. So the strength club is, you know, I didn't want it to be just a gym, right? I like the communal aspect. That's what I push. I enjoy having people there. I love showing up to a place that I want to be every day. If I had to go and sit in an office every day, I'd blow my brains up. I know. I love being in the gym environment. I love when people show up. I love having a ton of people there. And I love having the ability to share the space. And I sit to myself, I'm going to be in a gym. One word, if I'm in Guam or New York City, it doesn't matter. I'm going to be in a gym and might as well be mine. So love it. Tell people a little bit about what they can expect in terms of work out to be able to there. What kind of classes you have going on, open gym, things of that nature, what's on the docket. Yeah. So it's called a strength club. So on Mondays and Tuesdays, we do pure strength days. We do an upper body day on Monday, Tuesday, we do a lower body. And it's strictly strength work. You know, you're not going to come. I mean, if you're pushing it hard, you're going to sweat. But the goal is to make you sweat and be like, I can't even laugh. It was great work. When says we'll do more of like a cardio kind of cross-fit thing. Thursdays will do another upper body day, but it's more shoulders, arms, and dynamic stuff. Like ball throws and things like that. On Friday, we do a plyometric day, but with some strength stuff. So it's more like athletic performance, lower body day. And then on Saturdays and Sundays, we do some conditioning. And then I have a young ladies who have been working with me for years, who does a handstand class on Sundays as well. So she does like mobility handstand. So we get four days worth of strength training in. We get two days of cardiovascular work. If you want to do three, you do three. But it's that split that now everybody's talking about on social media that I've been doing forever. It's like, well, you're a primary focus in my opinion in what we do there is strength training. I want to get you stronger because it takes so much longer to get you stronger. I could get you fast in a couple months. So it takes years to really get strong, especially someone who has no physical strength. But the idea of strength is not only strength in what we're doing, but strength in what you're absorbing from other people. Love it. Can you thanks for stopping by today? Thank you for having me. Leave us with one piece of advice. Like we said, gym intimidation, January, the time of year, this is coming out. Somebody hasn't gotten to the gym yet. Leave us at one piece of advice to help them make that first step towards their journey. One of the shirts that we sell on strongnewywork.com. Shut up, shut up. She says take care of the little things and the big things take care of themselves. I had a high school football coach tell me that when I was a freshman in high school and I was like, what is he talking about? And the more I started to take care of the choices I need. What am I having for breakfast? Should I have that extra piece of cake? Should I go to the gym? Should I not? It's those little choices that you make every day that will eventually add up to who you become. You are what you do. And if we start to make better choices and take care of those things that we don't think are that important, well then they become the big things. And in either direction, good or bad. Love it. And if you're in New York, stop by the Shrine Club. What can he send to you? Again, it's good to get a good lift in. Can he thanks again for stopping by to help us kick off 2024 looking forward to seeing and being a part of the continued growth of strongnewy New York. Thanks again. Thanks for tuning in to another episode here at Bodybuilding.com. Stay tuned for more stories along the way.