My name is Haileach Chicombi. I'm from Chicago, Illinois. I have a doctorate of physical therapy, I'm a physical therapist. Now, in 2012, I've opened on nutrition's $100,000 transformation contest grand prize winner. When I set out to do the contest, there was no stopping me. I knew I was going to make the transformation. I went to be the one guy who pulls his pants out like that. I went to show other people that it can be done. You don't have to do anything crazy. Me going, lifting weights, it goes back to remember, like, seventh grade. I had a pair of 10 pound dumbbells. I just lifted. I didn't know what I was doing. I actually worked. I got a little baby muscle in everything. I always show that off, you know, go to school, things like that. I played basketball and football from, you know, throughout grade school and high school. I was like, you know, I'm always usually in decent shape. Then in 2012, I'm in 2011. I had a lot of injuries. I mean, just from working out from playing sports. The injuries about themselves weren't that bad, you know, combined them together. That's what made it, you know, pretty hard on my body. I couldn't do the same workouts I used to. I was just frustrated. I didn't really know how to deal with them, you know, mentally and so I just like gave up. I was like, I'm like, I'm left. I don't care. And I just got away from even trying to eat right. I just kind of let myself go. And it happened pretty quickly. And I didn't even realize how bad it got. But then it's like, you get to a point where, you know, you just, just to this disappointed, what you see. Just kind of depressing then, you know, instead of, you know, crying about it and, you know, feeling sorry for myself, I, you know, I decide I'm going to make a change. I can't live like this. So I need to work around these injuries, you know, just work out, you know, smarter and go hard at it. Then I saw them. There was a contest, so that was even more motivation. So Dave, I'll put you in a train. Let's party, peace. And you wanna see you, let's keep it together. Live on me, I'm tired. Then you will start a G, make your way to go. My overall approach in philosophy of training is, you know, just the general guidelines for body building and weight training. I start most of them days with, you know, like, the heavy lifts, the more they use more compound movements, like, you know, the bench press or squat things like that. Usually go three sets for each exercise. I try and do 10 reps and then, you know, maybe increase the weight and then, if I increase the weight, then I can, you know, go lower and reps. But I try and do usually as most weight, as I can do four 10 reps. Next set, most weight I can do for eight reps and so on and so forth. The main thing is for me that I found was being consistent, you know, like, when I was in my younger days, I would, I would, would work out, but I just wasn't as consistent. I didn't get the results as quick, but once I started going consistently, you know, three to five times a week, then I started seeing results. So I've also started doing a little lighter weight with higher repetitions, just, you know, working different rep ranges. But I usually do that towards the end of, you know, a regular workout, which would be a heavy workout. You know, I would have, like, a split, like, you know, Mondays would be a chest and biceps, sort of, say. And then the next day would be, like, some of the lower body quads and calves, or, you know, things like that. But what I really do now to avoid injuries, I kind of listen to my body. So if I go into the gym and normally I would do, like, you know, hamstrings, but let's say, you know, my hamstring tendon is been irritated me, you know, just even when I was doing regular things throughout the day. Then I might lay off hamstrings, maybe push that with, like, a back workout or something or just push it off for a whole week. So my splits really kind of get jumbled up, but, you know, you got to listen to your body, so you know, you can't just keep working through the pain and I got to be smart about it. I definitely like to train my back. That's my favorite body part. I used to not even train my back at all, then I just, you know, started doing it. I kept getting stronger. You know, it was one of those muscles where you can't see it while you're working out. We're pumping up the lads, things like that. I love all the exercises for the back. Oh, cardio. Not a big fan of cardio, but, you know, it does its job. So for cardio, I usually, for the contest, I was definitely doing cardio four to five times a week. Towards like the last half of the contest. But initially, you know, I started ramping up the cardio, like the frequency of which I did it. So I would start like maybe twice a week and then next week, bump it up to three. You know, and also increasing the duration I was doing the cardio. I was what aim to not necessarily do 45 minutes of cardio at aim to like burn at least like 400 calories. And, or, you know, 400 to 450. And usually I would get to the calorie goal before I got to the goal of 45 minutes. And high intensity training, I kind of did that like if I was like short on time. And then I needed to burn some calories, then I would do it. Rest is those were great to solid it was wrestling. I didn't work out or anything. I just keep myself motivated in the gym on the days when I priori don't feel like going and in days when I'm tired. And after a long day of work, I use music. I have some nice headphones to have deep bass. I put on my, you know, my jams and it gets me pumped. And I mean, I'm like one of those guys was like, Bob and his head, you know, a curse word might come out here and there, you know, as I'm singing this song. So, you know, the music gets me going. So, as long as I got my headphones and my MP3 player while good. Well, my take on nutrition was that I didn't want to do anything that was crazy. Anything that I couldn't keep up with, you know, so another number is guy, I don't count. For each meal, I kind of be like, all right, wait, I mean, this is how many grams I can't do that. I go crazy. So, what I did was I just kind of guess. So, I have like a high protein, you know, food like chicken or something like that. And then I would like try to keep the carbs for minimums. And then also for carbs, I would try and eat carbs that, you know, wouldn't, you know, spike my blood sugar. That was pretty much what I stuck with in terms like the numbers. Now the actual foods that I ate. I think I ate a lot of like normal people, food, I'll say. You know, I can't just eat chicken and vegetables. I can do that every once in a while, but I can do that for, you know, every meal. So, you know, like I would try and eat regular people food like spaghetti. You know, I ate a lot of Mexican food, but you know, I just make it healthier. So, you know, I would like swap out, you know, the high glycemic type of foods, you know, for something that was a little bit lower. And then, you know, a whole lot of protein with it, you know, so. And I think that really made it a lot easier for me to keep it up, keep up with it. And it is very possible to like, to eat healthy and eat foods that I good for you, but still eat the foods that you enjoy. You know, you just may have to get a little creative, you may have to, you know, do a little research, you know, I'm by the building I come. There's plenty of recipes on there, all over the internet. You know, you can find like your favorite dish to swap out some ingredients and bone. You have the same dish. Pretty good taste, but, you know, much better nutrition. The hardest part was like that I had to prepare, you know, my food on my own. You know, so I didn't go out and buy like pre, you know, cooked foods or rest to go out the restaurants to often. Well, I like breakfast food and breakfast is pretty easy because, you know, it's like, you know, you got the eggs. So, I would do egg whites, but I was really missing pancakes, you know, like going out and getting pancakes and things like that. So, now I would like try to eat a protein pancakes, I try to sweep potato pancakes and actually taste it pretty good, you know, I'm a big fan of cheat meals. You work hard throughout the week, you know, with the end of the gym and outside the gym, meaning, you know, eating clean and, you know, eating the right foods. So, allowing yourself a cheat meal, whether it's two or three cheat meals a week, do it. I mean, you deserve it, you know, it's not going to, like, kill yourself at where you're going to start gaining weight. You know, and just don't go overboard, don't eat like 2,000 calories on one cheat meal. My cravings were a cheat meal really changed from week to week. I mean, there are some weeks where I look, you know, I just wanted, like, a, a sub or something or a Philly cheese steak. But I usually crave this like, hearty meals that, you know, the heartburn type of meals, you know. So, when you're dealing with cravings, what you got to do is, you have to think about why you're doing this. Think about what you're doing to for it. Think about the end goal that you want, picture it, you know, talk to other people, other people who have the same goals in mind, and that helps you, you know, save off those cravings. I know what supplements, you know, I used to think that supplements were the key. And like, I need to figure out what this person is taking. So, I don't know how he got so ripped. It's unbelievable. It's not even possible, you know, it had to be taking some type of magic pill or something like that. But it's not supplements or just supplements. If you, you know, the key to changing your physique in achieving your goal is 70% of it's going to be your diet. And then the other part is going to be, you know, the exercise supplements will help you achieve those goals, but they won't do all the work for you. The other thing with, you know, supplements just don't take it, just cause Joe Schmol said he's taking it. No, how that supplements will still work, you know, know what that supplements will still do because just because this person's taking it doesn't mean that supplements good for you for your goals. You know, you just got to be smart about it. I would always use a supplement for a reason. I definitely would recommend way protein. You got to have the way protein. It's going to, no matter what your goal is or at least for bodybuilding if you're trying to, you know, cut the fat or build muscle. You got to have the way protein to achieve, you know, a good physique. You know, when you're cutting, you're in the presence of a calorie deficit, the way protein is going to help you keep the muscle that you have while you're, you know, cutting the fat away. And if you're building muscle, obviously, you got to have the brain building blocks to build the muscle and then that's where protein's going to come in. So from the contest, I initially started with a creatine for, you know, like the first maybe four to six weeks, you know, just to help with the energy because, you know, I've been out the gym for so long, you know, I want to be able to, you know, have a good amount of energy to actually, you know, complete a workout. So I'll use the creatine for that throughout the whole thing. I always use weight that that's a given. And then I started using, you know, a pre workout here and there on days, you know, I was like, you know, tired and maybe it was dragging myself to the gym. You know, just to, you know, get a little bit more of helping my stuff is in my time. And then I also used, like a slow digesting protein, casing at night, you know, just since you know, I was not eating for a couple hours. Oh, I also started using a branch hand amino acids. I love those because, I mean, they do so much for you to give you energy and for your muscles. And they also, you know, help prevent muscle breakdown, especially when you're exercising. So, especially when I was doing cardio, I would, you know, sip that throughout the cardio session and also when I was weightlifting. But, you know, I usually worked out late at night. So, you know, I didn't like to have too much, like, you know, supplements with caffeine. So, that's why I really like the branch chain amino acids. I was able to get a good, you know, supplement for energy without, you know, keeping me up at night. Honestly, I learned a lot about supplements through my ability to kind of over the years. You know, they have a lot of articles. I mean, it's really no excuse to not to know what supplements will be doing for you. So, that's a good resource for people to use. So, that's it. That's my story. That's all the information about my training nutrition and supplementation. If you want more information, you can find me on Body Space. My username is H. Shikong. Alright, if you're looking for a goal to work towards and you need more motivation, check out BodyBuilding.com for the latest content. So, I mean, even when some prize money are different prizes, so it helped me and it should help you. For more videos, articles and content like this, keep coming here at BodyBuilding.com.