When his bike-baby lick him, I FBP Pro, Anne Waffley, and Health Central's Coach on Bodybuilding.com. I got the email from a guy's an animal, asked me to be a part of this thing, and I had no idea what a health Central was or he taught me as a loser. I signed up for it of course as I go. When we got to the gym where we felt me and Tom were both like, what's going on in this dungeon, we were going to be trapped in for a few days. And he actually, the first exercise he did, I think was shoulder press, and he took me to a prison as I go and ran for a ride. But this one, but not one really well, I mean it was a lot tougher than I thought it was. I just looking at the videos that he showed me on YouTube and giving me good ideas, I got a lot of big deal. Once I stepped into it and doing it myself, I was like, this is a real deal. I mean it wasn't that big of a thing for me to check me, go at the door, because I kind of, people look at me and they're like, oh, you're a big guy, you must lift a lot of weight. I have lifted a lot of weight in my life, and I've had a heavy bench, and I've had to get squat, and I've always lifted pretty heavy, like growing up, but as I've gotten older, and I've gotten more into bodybuilding, I've kind of lowered my weights, and I've been focused on more of, isolating the muscle and not so many. The shock of the ego didn't come in with me because I was already used to really learning, and I have to lower the weight of everything when I feel the contraction of the muscle. So it's just a blow to the ego in terms of the amount of effort to move that weight. Whereas before it was like, you're kind of making it look heavy by squeezing the ropes, and now you've got someone pushing on you and it's even worse. Come on, man. Yeah, I'm a big fan of it on. I mean, I do, I train a little differently than HRT most of the time, but I do incorporate it into different body parts. Like, I'm a big fan of it for biceps, I'm a big fan of it for legs. If I can get someone to help me, I usually train alone. I also train people back home for shows, and I have different clients, and I use them on them a lot, and they just die, and it might be just one exercise that I use with them. So beginners can use it, and kind of get introduced to really what it takes to put on some muscle, and for guys who are maybe cruising along, feel a little stagnant in the routine, and aren't seeing the gains they want to see, and kind of just coasting in the gym, might be something you can use to spice up your routine, and maybe re-energize yourself to get motivated to go back to the gym, because it's going to kick your ass, it's not going to be a walk in the park. It's going to be very different from going in and doing a few sets and going home with a little pump. In terms of nutrition, I think with this program, with any program you follow, nutrition and supplementation are going to be two of the most important things you can do. The training obviously has to be there, but if the diet and nutrition and supplements aren't there, you're not going to go anywhere. So it's like having a sports car and not putting high-octane fuel in it, you're not going to blow up your engine, right? If you're not following a certain plan or you're not sticking to your diet, you're not getting enough protein, you're not getting enough rest, you're not replenishing your carbs, and replenishing glycogen and be ready for the next workout. You're pretty much spending your meals and sitting in place. Focus on what it takes to follow the program and stay true to it, to sprint at Samarathon. So I mean, focus on what you need to do and stick with it, and keep your head down and keep going and just see how the results go. I'm pretty sure they'll be happy in the end. If you guys do have any questions as you're going along the program with health centers, always refer back to the videos on bodybuilding.com. And if you have any specific questions from your Tom, you know you can always find us on the form. Thank you.