Today is day one of this 12-week transformation. So I hope you really motivated and inspired by the transformation that I'm going to go through as well. Remember I'm going to be doing this with you. It's going to be hardcore, but you're going to have to grab the ball by the horns on this because only a limited amount of time took for you to transform your body. You've only got 12 to 40 chess workouts, 12 to 14 leg workouts. The reason I say 12 to 14 is because sometimes you're going to be training two days on, one day off, other times you'll be training three days on or one day off if you feel really good. So hence the 12 to 14, oh this 12 weeks. So every single one should be at its best. So today you should have done your cardio already. If you haven't do it right now, you've got to do that after your breakfast. So you have your breakfast. Take your pre-workout supplements, your alkalinity, your green tea, and your in-be. Do 20 minutes of cardio. I did 20 minutes up and down the stairs at home. I got to do legs tonight. I'm going to take a kidney. I forget I have asthma until I do something like this. I'm going to do my legs. But it's good. You'll get used to it. But today we are actually going to be training the legs as well. So it'll be a good warm-up. It's going to be a killer workout. Legs is normally the hardest body part to train and it's a great exercise to start off on. So make sure that you take your creatinine, your cleatamin, stay hydrated and I'll see you at the gym. Music So the first exercise that we're doing today is the leg press. I did about four or five warm-ups sets here. I like to do a lot of warm-ups that's when I'm going heavy. So I will pyramid in weight while sun doing is warm-ups sets and I'll work up to around 70% of my maximum weight before going into those working sets. Music So on these working sets I make sure that I go to absolute failure on each one. So that means I'm pushing myself until I can't do one more rep even if I wanted to, which enables the muscles to keep progressing and changing as you go through these 12 weeks. The twin sets are rest for around a minute but sometimes if I'm going very heavy I can go as far as two minutes. So you're just going to have to gauge yourself and how easy you can recover between these sets. I ate two clothes for the workout. It feels sick. It's all your kids at home, don't eat before you do legs. Second exercise that we have is seated hamstring curls. So I did two warm-ups set, up around 15 repetitions. And I'm making sure as I bring my legs down towards a body, I breathe out and then as I bring them back up I inhale. In between sets I always make sure that I stretch out the hamstrings are getting injured very easily. The third exercise is lying hamstring curls. There's no hamstring, lying hamstring, full machine here so this is what we do. I'll do three sets of this exercise. Making sure that I go to absolute failure on each set. On this exercise as you can see I'm using a workout partner. They'll help me with the weights putting it in between my feet and then releasing it. So that's always a good idea. I just eye cramped. I have to hold it in there. On this first set I got cramped. This is probably because I took creatin before the workout and I didn't hydrate myself enough. So make sure that you drink plenty of water just to make sure your muscles cells are hydrated. If you do cramped just rest a little bit stretch out, don't give up. I'm starting with 150 now to warm up with. So the first exercise for quad is going to be leg extensions. We're going to do two warm upsets. Of around 15-20 repetitions just get the blood flowing into the muscles but also to warm up the joints. So if you were second warm up now we're two-thirty. I'm going to get my head into this one. Come on now. There's two working sets. Remember we're going to absolute failure. Meaning we cannot do one more rat even if we wanted to. I'll grab my knee rats. We're on our last exercise. That last exercise is hack squat. Warm up the old knees. Make sure that you're free to at the top of the platform and you're pushing through your heels to take pressure off your knees. I'm not tired. I just can't get enough oxygen in. All my oxygen's in my legs as well. So again we're doing one more warm-up set here. I make sure that my heels are about fist distance apart with my toes slightly pointing out to make sure that we hit the sweep the outer portion of the quads to give the initial but nice and narrow waist. My back's so absolutely nuts should say that. My back's kind of hurting. So I'm going to go high-rads today. Then I got sore knees like a bad knees so they're not so bad these days. I'll use it at smaller preventative measure than earthen. Just to keep the knees aligned with the toes. You know keep them straight up nice and tight. Even though I'm a hack squat in very heavy at the moment I just have three plates of size sometimes we'll do six. So these days I don't train with my ego as I used to. Especially when it's nice looking women in the gym. And I find that you can get great results on legs because you have two different types of muscle fibers there. They hit in high reps with heavy weight. Legs does require a lot of energy. It does push your body to the absolute max it requires a lot of oxygen as well. So it is quite normal for you to feel light head in. Feel a little bit sick but you've just got to go through that. I'm out of breath I'm in a sick. I don't think it was a food too close to the work I'm I think it's just the work out. So we did what did we do? We did leg press. It's a one compound exercise then we did two isolation for the hamstring. Seated hamstring curl. Then a lion with a dumbbell. Just a really isolate the muscle of the hamstrings. And then we've done two isolation for the quads now. Leg extensions. And now the hacks what's an atit for legs legs are done. And then two more meals before bed and the day is done. Everyone's staring at me in here. So you go and lead by example and put the weights back. Stop staring at me. So sick as I feel I always get my shake down immediately after the workout. Because you have a window of opportunity where your body will absorb a lot more protein and carbohydrates straight after your workout than any other time. Now that window of opportunity can close after say 10 or so minutes. So you go try and get it down immediately. So many of I've got about 50 grams of protein. I've got 100 grams of a potato in here. Five grams of creatine. 10 grams of glutamin. Have that straight after my workout. Your home 20 minutes. And then probably about 20 minutes after getting home. I'll have my first meal and then one more meal before bed. So even though it sounds like a lot of carbohydrates you can see the workout that we just went through. It's quite intense. You like your general levels. It's a really depleted. See your body's just going to suck it up. It's not going to store it as fast. So this is the way home. 20 minutes of cardio in the darkness. I hope no one jumps out from the bush isn't a tax man. It's my legs are too tired to run. Shoot tomorrow. Come back tomorrow and find out why I'm not walking home and it's not because of today's leg workouts.