I want to welcome everyone to the Mr. Libya and the figure Libya finally. The applause for the man who founded the fitness industry created this for the body building. Launch Mr. Libya. The master blast himself. Mr. Joe Weader. The master blast himself. The master blast himself. The master blast himself. The master blast himself. The master blast himself. The master blast himself. The master blast himself. The master blast himself. The master blast himself. The master blast himself. The master blast himself. The master blast himself. The master blast himself. The master blast himself. The master blast himself. The master blast himself. The master blast himself. The master blast himself. The master blast himself. There it is, the final two. It is Dayjavu, 2010, 2011, and here we are, Jay Keller and Phil Heath for once again stand side by side. He first placed award in the Olivia Gold Medal. The check for $200,000 to our winner tonight. Phil Heath! Well, there it is at just 31 years old. The Sand Outro fee is on its way back to Denver, Colorado. It's a 47-Mr Olympia's crown, just a 13th man to win the contest. Bring one of these guys, it's going up to congratulate him because they know he is the champion. And now you are the king. Just love all you guys for coming out and staying here and just really rep in the sport of bodybuilding. I just want to say thank you because there's a million other places you guys could be right now. And you guys are here supporting guys like me and the rest of these amazing athletes. So with that, I just want to say God bless you all. Thank you so much for showing up. And hopefully this is one of many I really hope so. Thank you. This is awesome. I mean, it's going to take me a while to be called Mr. O'er, or I don't even hear what's going to happen. I think I'm going to say thank you to Mr. O'er, and I hope you should change your voice now. I don't know if this is Mr. O'er, I'm like, I kind of like the gift, but I tell you what, what I'm going to like more, most of all is to know that I gave my very, very best and I kick some butt. You want to thank the folks who are most of that representing this year's Bodybuilding dot com fans, choice or to feel heath of course not only did the judges feel like you were the other title, but even better than that, the tens or hundreds of thousands around the world agreed that you are in fact Mr. Olympia. It's going to be an incredible historic weekend here in Las Vegas and we're going to go ahead and wrap it up for coverage of Joe Weears 2011 Olympia Week and get everyone.