September the 29th. Both of us we're going through a five-o-fast. That's the goal. So let's talk about the week ahead. Monday I am testing out my one mile PR. On my run program it really is a light run so I do a mile PR about every six eight weeks. Just see where I am and just see how much I've grown. So we're going to do that on Monday. Tuesday is just non-stop work for light sport. I've got a ton of video deliverables that I got to get in by the end of this week. And with running and editing and doing all the sort of things it definitely feels like there's not enough hours in the day. So that is my sole focus on Tuesday. Wednesday is just meeting central focus. I am in back to back to back meetings with still I run pure sport. A couple other brands that I've been talking to at the moment just about future activations but also what they're doing in the space and how we could potentially work together and or just help them amplify what they're already doing and excelling at. Friday and or Saturday transparently I have my 13.1 run which is my final big run before the marathon. I know last week was my last long run but this is going to be more playing with some tempo speeds that I really want to explore in Berlin, pre-Birland to see where I sit inside my body. And then this weekend we just got our community run. So a lot of really good stuff happening this week. I'm excited to bring you guys in. Like I said it's a ton of editing but it's also a week full of connection which is what I always look forward most of my weeks. And last but not least we're going to be finalizing the designs for the Berlin drop. So I'm working with her Flessy apparel to build a small clothing collection for Berlin and the most folks who are going to go towards the L.I.R. and the Berlin Marathon. We are 20 days out from Berlin. Nothing on the program tonight besides the easy run but I'm going to try to test my myel so you can break for 51. That just don't have the beans to get up here shoes apply for the the mental health rubber program. Oh I love that that's amazing. All of you have been working with me. She's done teen charity endurance events for a long time. She did it for the foundation and she did it for team and training. My follow-ups will just be the prompts that I'll send over to you and then I'll send you the links once we have it for the midnight mile and we'll get everything cruising. And then I'll tell you about the kind of tour of the question was that my life. Do you not four hours? These are going to be cooked. Not so. So today was very big and important for us. We're running on 911 so with more of the miles we decided to do today was 9100 meters sprints with a 300 meter active recovery in honor of all those who lost their lives in 911. So see. Fun different right? You know, you see where like once 20 towards the last two miles. What do we think if we can push a little how do you feel it? Let's take a minute about minute. May we cook all the way to five five 30s. What five 50 at the end you fast man. Let's do it. No we go have firm roll of clay. His heels this is my roller coaster. What we call beautiful sceneries under the George Washington to the right we are always going to have the view to know you're in the city and then coming back the city to our left boys gonna be shady. A lot of trees. So he's gonna be running the jungle. 13.1 654 tempo. My former PR in the half was 139 today we got 130. Oh good. So I shaved almost 10 minutes off my last half which is huge just to make the announcement. Wilson's going to be coaching me in 2025. Talk about the man who's the motivation behind everything. I'm excited to learn from him. Grow with him. More importantly just continue to be better than yesterday. He said a lot of good stuff on this run and he talked about the gratitude you have to have for the ability to be able to move your feet. And I think that's something that we take for granted a lot of the time. So I'm excited to work with a coach who takes every day of the fullest and to many more half marathon. Is there a little in the restaurant right? 135. Amazing. Amazing. What about some 34? Amazing. So 133. Amazing. What was your task before the run? The hills honestly man. The hills were really intimidating and I think growing up the first one you set up best. Momentum you have to attack the hills or the hills are going to attack you and if you don't attack the hills you're going to just wait and drag it on as opposed to getting after in the momentum. That's why I learned today. Everything is momentum based. Also one of the best things you've said today was treating the course with the lines. So you've got to fall in love with it. You've got to dance with the course because if you don't you're going to do more than the miles that are on the course. So really taking into the what did you call them? The tangents. We've got to follow the tangents inside each one. So that was when I got shot to us. So let's go back to the fight. So that was awesome. So there was two moments during the acupuncture when you stepped away that I like immediately felt. Probably like five to seven minutes in. I felt like I could feel the blood or like something pulling down on my body. Can you explain that? I mean I was discussing a little bit earlier when I did the put the needle in your head. We have so much stuff going on in our mind. Just stimulus stimulus everywhere. Hard to slow down. Stress the anxious. So my intention is to take energy for lack of a better term out of the head and bring it down to the feet. That's why we feel so good during exercise. It's because we get out of our head and we get the blood flowing and we get our awareness more in the body and not too much trapped in the mind. So that's really my whole intention. Take take energy away from the head, bring it down into the rest of the body, relax the muscles and people end up feeling great. If we have really tight muscles it's like there's a dam in the river. There's stuff blocking the flow of circulation. So what I'm just doing is taking out stuff from the dam and allowing things to flow. The body wants to do that but sometimes because of tight muscles, other issues. We aren't able to feel that good flow. And so that's what you're feeling. You know what you felt like before the treatment and then when I kind of had those muscles jump a little bit and relax then it could it's like the dam was opened up. There was a point when we were doing cupping and you were moving the cups and I've been I'm used to cup goes on and then like a little bit of massage and it kind of just sits there. Talk to me about what you were doing today. Static cupping you know is when you just keep the cups there, 10 to 12 minutes. I do sliding cupping as well as static cupping. It just depends on what I see. If I feel like there's really tight musculature I'm going to put oil down and I have it slide back and forth because that's like a massage. If you imagine this massage technique where they're kind of like putting pressure on the muscle and relaxing it. It's the same idea with cupping. You know it just felt I do it on a individual basis. If I see that someone might be benefit from like sliding cupping I'll do that. If it's static cupping maybe I'll do that on someone maybe the muscles aren't too tight maybe they're a little bit older maybe their constitution isn't as strong. The things that need to improve to improve performance. So that's kind of how I look at it. In the back of your thighs your hamstrings had some really ropey muscles. The calves for sure. The ankles didn't have an adequate range of motion which makes sense given what you said. In your forearms and in your shoulders there was a lot of tight ropey muscles as well. Pretty much all over out there. Joe you are the best. I'm not even kidding thank you so much brother seriously. Oh yeah. Did 20 yesterday? Whoa it was great. It's a big drop baby just by step shoulders that's legs with a whole convolution of muscles. I've got a crew super muta and I want the sexy legs contact. How does it look? What does it call? Mr. sexy like my mom was the judge once. 10 seven six teeth eight Johnsix