Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What's up, bodybuilding.com, listeners. My name is Daniel Bitz, and welcome back to the BB Com podcast. Today I'm joined by Todd Anderson. Todd is the co-founder of Dream Recovery, a company dedicated to helping athletes and high achievers sleep and recover at the highest level. He's worked with Fortune 500 companies, professional athletes and celebrities on optimizing their performance. Todd holds over a dozen certification since strengthening conditioning, nutrition, and performance. His journey first began as a walk on football player at Michigan State University where he went on the earned of scholarship and helped bring home a big 10 championship. His college career would then lead him to an NFL opportunity for the Rams, which furthered his journey in the world of athletics and performance. He later took a deep dive into the physiology and unique needs of swimmers outside of the water when now wife and Olympic medalist Katie Hoff made a comeback for the 2016 real Olympic Games. That is a co-founder of synergy, dryland, along with Katie as they work with world class swimmers and teams across the country and performance optimization. Todd continues to produce educational content across platforms to help people not only sleep better, but live healthier lives. His mission in life has helped others realize their potential by prioritizing sleep, recovery and overall life optimization. Todd, welcome to the pod excited to dive in with you today. Thanks for having me. I'm stoked to be here. It's very nostalgic. Yeah, absolutely. You were telling me on the phone, you've been a long time baby combat. I mean, you know, like you said, I was a walk on, but I feel like I doubled my college tuition just in like self-immit monthly packages from biblian.com. So, you know, some people call home to ask for a beer money and I would just call home to ask for biblian.com money to spend on the site. I love that. I love that. We have an OG here in the house today. I feel like this is going to be one of my favorite episodes and a great way to close out the year with all of you. We're talking all things sleep. So, what you should be doing throughout your day to set yourself up for a good night's sleep, the environment to create when it's time to sleep. And the tools you can add into optimized your sleep to feel and perform better. So, Todd, let's get into it by starting out with what to sleep do for the body. And we're going to break this down a couple of different areas, but let's just break down one of the importance of sleep and two what cycles are involved in sleep. Yeah, I mean, I think it'd be a shorter answer to talk about what doesn't sleep through in the body. I mean, it truly is like the time that raises all shifts as far as health and wellness goes. And when you look at all the buckets of performance and wellness, like nutrition and hydration and fitness and strength training, all these different buckets, sleep is really the only one that spans across all of them and impacts them all. Impacts all those buckets, but it can impact them in two directions. It's like coaches always say you're either getting better and getting worse. And I think that's how sleep affects your life and to either positively impacting your life and it's allowing you to be the best version of yourself or it's kind of taking away and you're living that self optimal. You know, self optimal mindset or get sub optimal physiology and usually, you know, that doesn't allow you to do the things you want to do. Absolutely. So, let's start by breaking down one of the different cycles of sleep. Right. I feel like a lot of people here got to get your REM sleep. Got to get that deep sleep. We're both wearing loops today. Yeah. And certainly helps it easier. You know, helps it more, helps it be more manageable to measure these cycles of sleep. But I feel like general population, they don't know what this means. Right. So, let's break down the stages of sleep and how each one impacts recovery. Yeah. So, you know, I think that I think really, I mean, what I want to talk about is just the mindset around this too. I think that's important because there's so much data coming out that it makes it difficult to understand what the focus on. Like you said, people are asking about REM sleep specifically. Well, that's not really how you should look at things. It's more about the proportion to these things. Right. So you have, you basically have your, you have, break this into two parts. You have your non-RAM sleep and your REM sleep. Right. And REM sleep just stands for rapid eye movement. Your body is paralyzed besides your breathing muscles and your eyes and literally going back and forth horizontally when you're in this stage of sleep. So you like to think of it as like your REM sleep. It's responsible for more than mental aspect of sleep. Kind of resetting your mind, your mood stability, motivation, the things that are kind of intangible and then the non-RAM sleep is more associated with your physical regeneration. So give a hard workout. Your muscles break down, tendons, all that stuff. That's when you, you have the most impactful physical regeneration sleep. Right. So you have the three stages of non-RAM sleep and when you're on like a woofer something, you see that slow wave sleep. That's your deep sleep. Usually that's what people are talking about. And that's the deepest non-RAM stages sleep, which is the most impactful for physical recovery. So when you think about those things, you know, the lighter stages, like the first two stages of non-RAM that takes up about half of your night sleep, the combination of those. And then a quarter is that deep sleep that's slow wave sleep and then a quarter is your REM sleep. And it's more about having those proportions, right? Those equal proportions, not equal, but the right proportion to base on what your body needs as opposed to shooting for more of one. And I always compare this to like a band and people think that, you know, I just want to get a ton of REM sleep. Well that's not necessarily true. There's actually a lot of like psychological disorders that a symptom is, you know, a match of a monogram sleep. So it's more about those proportions and the flow and your body's ability to get through these different stages of sleep. Like we can, like I said, it compared to a band like in a band, you know, you have your drums to guitar, you have your vocalist, whatever, maybe. And it's more about how those instruments play together. And that's similar to sleep cycles. You can't make up for the guitar with more drums, like that doesn't work, right? And you can't make up for drums with more guitar. Similar to like REM cycles and your deep sleep, like you need the proportions of all those because they all play different roles in the body. Is there a specific order of events in which these cycles take place or can a very by person, right? Can one person perhaps hit their REM sleep in a different area, maybe a little earlier, maybe someone's more of a morning REM, talk a little bit about that. Yeah, so everyone, that's the thing too, is everybody is slightly different. Even, you know, male or female are sleep cycles very slightly. So I think it's important not to get caught in the weeds and when you look at these wearables. For the most part, like paying attention to your sleep cycles, I would say isn't really helpful. You're probably doing more, more damaging good because even on all the wearables, the best wearables are like 70% effective in measuring these sleep cycles, right? It's very difficult to measure a sleep cycle based on a wearable on your wrists, right? You really need to measure a brain wave. So when people think about this stuff, it's like when you're deep diving into the wearables and different sleep cycles and really worrying about that, there's probably a lot bigger things to worry about in things that focus on as opposed to 10% here or there are slow-aeth relief, which could easily just be an error in the calculations. And I think right now, people are, it's amazing. Like the shift that focus on sleep people are really into it. But on the flip side, people are becoming almost obsessed with it. So much that it's taking away or hindering their sleep. So creating additional stress. Yeah, yeah, there's actually a word for orthosonic, which is the obsession with getting perfect sleep and it's becoming more and more of a thing similar to like a orthopedic surgeon trying to fix things. So you're trying to yourself, obsessed with fixing your sleep that actually takes away from it. The more you actually think about your sleep, the worse it usually gets. Right. You know, I always like to say, I think I'm almost every conversation that we've had on this podcast where Abel says come up. And I think we can all ultimately agree that they are a great baseline. They're not the end all beyond. And they also, you know, there's not a device out there that can provide us with the same amount of data that say a sleep study could. Right. So I hear you talk a lot about sleep studies talk about what happens in the sleep study. How can almost every person benefit from going to at least one sleep study just understand it? And what are the benefits of the data that you're learning? Yeah. So the thing that's sleep studies now is the technology has advanced for you can do in the home in a comfortable environment. I mean, that's a huge component of I think what they used to do. They used to bring people into a, you know, a bedroom in a laboratory for a nine or two. But your sleep is immensely impacted by a new environment. Just the first night in the hotel for example, like that's going to, that's going to change your sleep in the architecture of your sleep cycles just being in a new place. So now you can do them at home. And you know, the biggest thing is just making sure there's not any issues, making sure of them are breathing perspective and and a disturbances perspective that everything is functioning normally you're flowing through those sleep cycles and there's not any snoring or apnea or anything like that because sleep apnea is something you don't want to play around with. It's something that is almost guaranteed to have long her long term negative health outcomes, like neurodegenerative diseases, which, you know, is horrible to watch somebody go through. And I think everybody is striving in a long, javity world to stay away from that. So it's just, it's just similar to blood work. It's like get a baseline, see what you're at because my, my own personal experience. I had no idea how anything going on. And so when we launched the Mount tape, you know, I started, when we launched the Marine Recovery and we came with the Mount tape, you know, when I started Mount tape in about three years ago, I felt so much better when I started doing it. And, you know, reading James Nester's book and, you know, a lot of these different books and studies and stuff. It makes sense. Obviously, nasal breathing is extremely powerful, but I was very curious. Like, one exactly what's going on, like, why do I feel so much better? And I wanted to get some hard data on the Mount tape because there's not a lot of studies focusing on what we're trying to do, which is optimized. Not necessarily like take someone with the clinical issue and fix it. We're just trying to make someone that's relatively healthy and trying to do big things perform at an even higher level. And usually that's not where funding for studies go. And so I did this sleep study and I slept while my whole life and never had a problem. I would get certain myself a very good sleeper. I don't snore any of this stuff. And yet the Mount tape seemed to make a massive impact. And this is before even I dealt with Mount tape on the business side. So, you know, completely self-serving. And so, I did this sleep study and didn't want without the tape and one with the tape. When I did it with the tape, I stopped reading 86 times throughout the night. I was diagnosed with moderately bad thing. The doctor would have recommended a CPAP, like the whole deal. Like, you know, it was shocking to me. Because I thought I felt pretty good, right? But you only had your own perspective with sleep. That's the thing is like, when you're awake and you're conscious and you make a big change in your life, you're able to feel the difference. With sleep, you've only slept as yourself. And it's very rare that we get the opportunity to make a big difference and actually feel that difference. Usually, it's very gradual over time. It's for better or worse. So then I did a second sleep study with the tape and I only had eight disturbances the entire night. How lately fixed my issues? The doctor said it looked a million times better. My slow way sleep is up, 0.5%. My REM sleep is up, 0.5% and it looked like a different person. Just from that reminder on my mouth, just to keep my mouth shut, basically. I love that mouth taping has become of people asking other people, hey, do you mouth tape? Tell us, you know, let's dive into that a little bit more and tell us about your specific product that you have at dream recovery and you know why that is an elevated product and comparison. What we've seen over the last several years has it's, you know, how it hasn't had its rise to fame. Yeah, it's interesting. Like we've even been seeing our mouth tape in dating profiles on some apps. So definitely, and we have a girl that has had to success with that with people. I really brings people in. It's very interesting. And it seems it's kind of like the CrossFit vibe in the beginning when people, you know, do CrossFit, they'd like to talk about it. I think mouth-tapping, it comes up quite a bit. I think CrossFit being vegan, doing ice bath and sauna, right? It's kind of falling that same category. That one kind of makes me sad because like I'm such a hardcore ice bath on a person. I'm right there. And everyone's like, I was, you know, ahead of the time, but you know, I've been on a sauna, not as much as the ice bath, but the sauna for probably a decade, which makes me sad now because it's like such a thing. I'm with you. So it's, you know, makes feelings there. But it's good people are doing it. But yeah, it's kind of been a movement, you know. And I think it is about people feeling better. I think, I think people talk about it because it is so impactful. And that's the experience I had all the, to the point where I wanted to make my own, which is pretty impactful. But yeah, so I actually started Mount Taving like three years ago. And I always tell this like, Katie came home. The first night I did it, Katie came home from a trip. It was midnight when she got home. Didn't tell her I was doing it. Walk in, tape him on mouth and she was totally freaked out. She's like, it's someone in the holding hostage and the closet, like, what is happening. And this was before like, no new name knew it. It was definitely was not a verb at the time. But like I said, I felt significantly better. Went through this journey. I mean, I've ordered every single type out there. Everything on Amazon, all of them. And there wasn't like an awesome option. I never felt like it was, it was comfortable. And then Amazon ended up banning Mount Tate because people were using these like really sketchy adhesive. And so I just felt like, you know, two things. One, we wanted to create a brand that really focused on quality. Beyond that, allowed people to feel okay about taking care of themselves. Like if you're going to be a high achiever and you're going to bust your ass in business, fitness, body building, whatever it may be, a brand that basically says, hey, look, in order to achieve achieve the highest goals and function to optimal level, you have to take sleep seriously. And that's okay. Like you're not lazy. There's rise and grime mentality is done. And that's kind of like what we're setting out to do. It's more of a mission of like making that normal as a post-ilord products. No one deserves to wake up on the wrong side of the bed. Dream recovery helps you get the best sleep possible. Try dream tape for less than $1 a day, made with medical grade hyper-allergenic adhesive for a gentle yet snug fit. And brace mouth taping as a part of your nightly routine to experience uninterrupted deep sleep, which is essential for recovery of the body in mind. Think them later, for kicking your life time snoring habit. The dream recovery sleep mask allows you to stay in the deeper stages of sleep for longer periods of time so that you can wake up in a great mood, feeling rested and recharged. The performance pillow case is made with the science back, silver ions, along with the highest grade silk on the planet. It's made to keep you cooler, help fight inflammation, prevent bacterial invasion, and maintain nighttime moisturizers applied before bed. Stop waking up tired and start waking up energized. Shop now, a dream recovery.io. Use code BB pod for 30% off your entire order and 50% off your first month of dream tape mouth tape. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease. For my physiological perspective, one is the benefit of nasal breathing over mouth breathing. Yeah, the biggest thing is really the psychological component and the connection to our nervous system. Breathing almost immediately impacts our nervous system. It allows us to put ourselves in the correct nervous system or a direct and go to sleep. We're usually pretty stressed out throughout the day and I think that's a pretty common misconception. People think that life is this binary thing where we're awake and we're asleep. The more we learn, the more more finding out that it's very difficult to have high stress levels throughout the entire day and then also shouldn't shut it off and fall asleep and sleep soundly. The more stressed you have throughout the day, the more impact you're asleep, even if you fall asleep fine. If you're able to fall asleep and you think it can turn it off, the more more finding is like our physiology is showing that it's impacting that night's sleep. So I think stress management is the biggest thing in allowing yourself and teaching yourself, training yourself to kind of reset your nervous system and put yourself in the mental state to be able to rest for a while and be as efficient as you can when you're sleeping. That's really what it's about is washing away all the stress in your body and when you're not breathing efficiently and you're not in the right nervous system state that really is like a low level of chronic stress and you're trying to alleviate that. And beyond that you have, it warms the air, it filters the air and it basically allows you to uptake the most amount of oxygen with the least amount of volume. We need to read through a mouth when you need massive amount of oxygen just because it's a lot of volume but our nose allows us to be more efficient which is really the goal when you're asleep. The efficiency is pretty much the name of the game. Right, I mean, not the end of the day. I mean, the nose was designed for air and the mouth was designed for good. Right, that's the best part of what there is. And I think for a very long time we've heard almost an insult right, you're such a mouth breather and now people are hearing these conversations and they're sitting there with their mouth open and they kind of pick their job and they're like, oh my gosh, I am. But also I think these conversations are important to educate them well, it goes well beyond just maybe this unattractiveness or maybe this louder breathing. This actually comes down to a physiological guarantee that you can be healthier by predominantly breathing through the nose. Definitely. Yeah, and we think around 60% of the population breathe through their mouth especially night which is a pretty, that's a big stat and it's also amazing like it's more of a reminder even when you use a small piece of tape which we're coming out with a very little small piece of tape because it freaks people out. Pretty steps. Yeah, and it is more of a psychological reminder and you can train yourself to become an nasal breather. Sometimes similar with sleep in general or anything like nutrition awareness, bring it awareness to something, often brings change. And I think sometimes the tape is just there for awareness. Yeah, absolutely. I mean, it's just like anything else right. Start with a couple of minutes a day, just sit there and just meditation, go right through the nose for me. I've had a deviated symptom for the longest time. So for me it's been a big struggle and I really had a train myself to predominantly be a nasal breather which sounds silly but it takes, it takes, it takes work. People don't realize too when they don't do it. It's, it's just accelerating that congestion and just you're just like feeding the issue. Right. And again, lead to a multitude of different issues as well. Bad breath. They can impact dental hygiene. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Lord, that's a good math lesson. And I'm totally out of it because of a cancer or fluiscum of the fluiscum, not the resistors of the 70, but you can see it poorly. And there is какие than 90 fluiscum on the antibiotic. And mind, I think it's actually out of half of the heat. A good method that's used during benching and malaria, okay, yes. Okay, doing it on my whole argument is de禿 for the urine, and although my mom wouldn't have had more ne世 than I was psychotic about brushing my teeth because it didn't want cavities. The dentist is the worst. I would brush my teeth like three times a day, do all this stuff, and I would still get cavities like every single time. We're now looking back, that's probably exactly what was happening. I was just bringing through a mouth, the entire time. Super acidic and it's just easy to break down your teeth when you're in that state. Yeah, wild stuff. I want a circle back just very quickly to the benefits of sleep, and I want to break it down to two parts, what you did at the beginning. I want to talk about the mental recovery aspect, and then more of the muscle and tissue recovery. But let's start with the mental and the impact that sleep can have on memory, fatigue, metabolism, things of that nature. Even some of the studies that we're seeing linked to some of these neurological diseases as well. So talk a little bit about brain health and sleep. Yeah, I think like when I think of brain health, I quickly jumped a neurodegenerative disease, because that's just like a long-term outcome that seemed to be a pretty good predictor of our chronic brain health over the... You know, the span of our life. And some positive on some of those research coming out is a lot of it is environment and behavior-based. You know, when you look at sleep, when you start getting under that six-hour mark, it just seems like the percentages of all those disease were trying to avoid, jump up dramatically. And, you know, the mechanisms specifically in the slow-wave deep sleep in relation to the brain, just in 2019, we were able to fully understand why it was so important. In 2019, they did the first live MRI and believe it was 2019. But they were able to actually look at the fluid movement within the brain. And what they saw was in that slow-wave sleep, this cerebral spinal fluid, which is not blood, it's just fluid in the brain, actually pumps. Like you can see it almost like a heartbeat, and it's pumping this fluid to the brain. It's washing away all those, you know, those cellular byproducts, those toxins, so they're produced throughout the day. Like the amoloid and the tau proteins, which cause tau crosses, CTE, beta amolids cause Alzheimer's and dementia. So that's pretty much like that slow-wave sleep is like our cleaning mechanism. It's like our washer for our brain. And so that's also the stage of sleep that seems to have the first issue. When some starts having sleep issues and you look at their sleep cycles, that's usually the cycle that really drops the quickest and it seems like it's the most impacted right away. And it makes sense, you know, if somebody's having sleep issues chronicly throughout their life, you know, those diseases catch up. The problem is, is once you start having symptoms, they usually a lot later in life, and it's really hard to make changes in reverse. But even saying that, I mean two weeks ago, there were some studies talking about just, you know, some of the symptoms of all of these like neurogeneral stuff being reversed. And sleep was one of the tools they were using to start to do that. So it's, I think we're just hitting the tip of the iceberg right now. Yeah, and as we've all said in the beginning of the episode, I mean, it's inherently becoming a more important conversation, especially in just in the last three or four years. Yeah. You know, when we look at, I've said this before, too, to our listeners as well. When we look at wellness, I mean, we really look at nutrition, movement, stress management, and then sleep. Your core for pillars, you know, to longevity. Yeah. You know, when it comes to working out, whether that's running, whether that's weightlifting, we all know we're ripping muscle fibers apart. And that's going to take a certain level of recovery. Sure, you have your sauna, your cold bath, your compression boots, whatever. Other modality you want to throw in there. But sleep is the number one recovery tool that you could possibly have. And then the cheapest as well, I'll say. So let's talk about, you know, from a physical perspective, what sleep does on the body. Yeah, I think that, you know, really, I think sleep, the way I actually look at sleep, obviously you recover a lot from that stuff, but it's really more of like a preparation. It gives you the ability to produce a match with amount of effort the next day. And when you look at people's goals, like, but every weight loss, you know, muscle gain, any type of fitness cardiovascular goals, you know, setting that foundation and looking at like the sleep is the first portion of your day, allows you to push yourself to that level. But that being said, like, all those things you talked about, like those antelay recovery tools, like, you know, compression boots, and cold therapy, hot therapy. That's just like, that's like sprinkles on top of the ice cream count, you know, and there's no way to overcome sleep. But I think the problem is, is when a lot of people set these goals, the first thing everybody wants to do is, like, I'm going to wake up early and work out. And I think, when you look at the person that people who fail in trying to accomplish these goals, the conversation should really be, how do we make the chances? How do we make the person that you're going to achieve these goals go up? Just by your schedule and the behaviors you choose to prioritize. And sleep makes the chances of you achieve many of those goals go up immensely. When you look across the board, you know, like, we make better nutritional choices where more motivated to work out, where less likely to drink alcohol. Like, there's so many things that just fall in line and you build such momentum when you start with prioritizing sleep as opposed to fighting your physiology. You get up early at 5 a.m. to work out. Like, that might be sustainable for a couple of months, right? Because you're motivated and you're trying to achieve something. But you can only fight your physiology for so long. And even if you keep that up when you're chronically under slept, like those symptoms, it's going to show up somewhere else in your life. It could be, you know, from a psychological side, like it could, it could deteriorate relationships, your mental health. It could be something physical. You know, you're not recovering and joint attendance muscles, whatever it may be. You're not going to know where it's going to show up, but promise your body is going to make it forward. It's going to find a way to show you that's your under slept. Right. Right. You know, the 5 a.m. club, unless you're going to bed at 8 o'clock the night before, which if you are, so I still loot you for sure. Yeah. But, you know, I think I think I said this on our last episode with Kira Stokes. I think the glorification of the 5 a.m. club has really kind of dwindled in the last couple of years, which I personally, I love to see because now schedule is going to dictate everybody, right? Unfortunately, some people that's the only time of the day. And I mean, if you're training for something, you got to get it done, right? But if you're choosing between sleep and that workout, I mean, it's good to come with a lot of benefits. And even if that means maybe I can maybe get 30 minutes in at 2 o'clock in the afternoon that day versus maybe the 90 minutes I want to get in at 7 a.m. Yeah. It's the data is showing a lot to to to side with sleep. Yeah. It's very rare, you know, when I have a conversation with someone, even though they haven't insane schedule. And like I said, this is this stuff is not easy. Prioritizing sleep is not just like, boom, I'm going to prioritize sleep. Like life is is wild. I don't have kids yet. So I can't even fully speak to that. But I can only imagine. And but I think it's more about like the prioritization because I think when you break when you break down to them and schedule and you start with the priorities, usually people have 10 minutes, 15 minutes here and there. And you can piece together or work out somewhere some way. And you can also find a way to carve things out and make sleep important. I think that's what it's about. Right now, I would say 90% of people feel like, okay, these are all the things I make a list. These are the things I need to do throughout my day. And sleep gets the leftover. Yeah. As opposed to, all right, like this is a non-agosible. I know this is going to create the best version myself. Let's start with that and then let's work backwards. And I think that shipped once people really buy into it because when it comes down to it, like people have heard about sleep. You know, it's not like no is talking about it. So it's really that that true buy-in. That it's going to make that big of a difference. It's not about the information of the knowledge at this point for most people. It's about truly buying in. And I think the only way to do that to actually experience the change. But like I said, if you're not sure if you're sleeping well, you're having a hard time sleeping. You're never going to buy in because it's not really impacting you the way it should. Right. You know, I think especially with new year coming up, everybody loves to throw out goals. Some smaller, some a little loftier. And how many of those goals are going to be? Do a marathon or start going to the gym, right? Either from either just a few years goal. Me? I mean, stress management for me is probably my number one to get on. That's a good one. You know, I think we're going to see a lot of audacious goals when it comes to physically what we want to achieve with our body. But how many people at your point are going to have sleep as part of their new year's resolution? Hopefully a lot. Hopefully a lot. But I think I bet this year, though more than any year before it will be. Completely agree with that. Which is a great thing. And you know, like you said, disciplines a big part of it mindset shifting is a big part of it. And then it also comes to what what does our wind down routine look like, right? So we briefly talked about three to one rule. It's something I really tried to abide to, you know, almost every night. And three hours before, let's stop eating to allow for optimal digestion before you hit the bed. Two hours before, let's stop drinking liquid. So you're not running to the bathroom in the middle of your sleep too many times. And then one, let's cut off one hour before, let's cut off the dice. Let's stop the screens. Let's not watch TV. Let's not be on social media. Let's disconnect, you know, from the entire digital world and just allow our brains to relax. So I would love to hear your take on and what you're doing and, you know, what works for you. Yeah, I love the three to one rule. I think it really does embody the perfect nighttime routine. I think that, what we can kind of go through each one. I think that the food one, I think people don't realize how impactful that is. You know, that first REM cycle, the night at first sleep cycle, the night you have your biggest spike in growth hormone of the entire day. And it's kind of like, if you don't lose it, you lose it. Kind of a situation where like, if you, if you don't give yourself a gap of eating, right? If you don't cut that eating off about three hours before bedtime, you lose that growth hormone spike. Your body won't create the spike in growth hormone because it's busy metabolizing this food. And you kind of don't, you don't get that for that day. You lose out on it. So I think people don't realize that and they also don't realize how much better they feel in the morning. People have done that digestive issues and just allowing your body some time is for me, I feel substantially better. And then the hydration, I would say, is probably the most messed up one. People, you know, everyone tries to catch up on the hydration later in the day because they forget about it, which is like the worst thing you can do, especially for athletes. We really struggle with the same with the food. I think for athletes when we do it with athletes, it's hard because even if someone's trying to put on mass at the target because there's a balance of calories, obviously calories are very, very important. And that is a hard decision. Like if you're going to make the choice between giving yourself a gap before you go to bed at that just and just being under your energy balance needs, that's tough. If you're a performance athlete, you probably need the calories in which we tend to recommend like a low glycemic food. It seems if you can go over a high protein source, low glycemic impact, it doesn't have as much of an impact on that growth hormone spike, but that's a tough balance. But hydration, you know, front loading your hydration throughout the day can make insane differences. I was talking about, so I would talk about it earlier. Maybe that's the sports betting side of me. But I think you had to think about it like, and it's similar to sleeping with a partner. You have to think about, okay, everybody has their stresses. Sometimes your brain gets fixated on a thought, right, in the middle of the night, and a lot of people have a hard time going back to bed for that very reason. And the more times that you wake up in the middle of the night, the higher probability that you're going to start thinking about something that's going to have room naked thoughts and going to cause you stress. So you want to give your brain the least amount of opportunities to think about something that's going to stress you out. And type of健. Exactly. The vision is a great way to either make yourself get up a million times or sleep the soundly throughout the night. And so I think front loading your hydration like first half of the day can make a huge impact and then that gulping water down right before bed. Over four or five ounces, triggers us to have to go pee more often. So that can be a really useful tool. And a lot of these sleep supplements there mix with water. And people are chugging down 12 ounces of water with these sleep supplements. And you're going to probably wake up two more times because of the amount of water you drink and then the amount at one time you drink. Right. So what about that one hour turning off devices? This is, I mean, this one's hard for me too. You know, I think that the world will be live in. It's like it's a connected world and their stuff going on and you never know when something is going to happen. So I think this one is I almost think about it as like limiting the damage. You know, I'm probably going to be watching some screens. And actually I don't fully abide by this. I have a, I actually have a TV in my bedroom. And I've talked about this, but you know, me and Katie Wajisho every single night. And we have for the last decade. And that time is really valuable to me. You know, like I really enjoy kind of downloading on the day and just like it's special. And it's not worth it to me. Like that's something that's more important to me than the optimization of my sleep. There's things I can do to combat that. And I think that's something to keep in mind too. We talk about all this optimization stuff, longevity specifically. There's so many things you can do with optimize your life. But the most important thing you can do is have deep meaningful relationships. And you can't lose sight of that because it's fun to go down this path of making everything perfect and feeling amazing. But you'll never feel amazing in the long term. If you don't care about people and you're not around people to care about you. And as soon as this, all this stuff becomes the main focus, people are going to stop carrying about you because you're not going to care about them. No, I'm going to do anything. It's true. It's true. I love that. It's a really great point. I mean, the emotional benefit that you get out of that hour with your wife before bed. And so that involves the screen. Great. If you find yourself doom scrolling, wishing that you were on the vacation that you're seeing someone else on, is that the best spot to put yourself in before bed probably not. Okay. So there's different cases. Definitely. I think it's about weighing the priorities. And then like I said, limiting the damage. So I'll wear, you know, blue light blocking glasses to limit the screen damage. And the other thing people can do is create a continuum from their living space to their bedroom at night. A lot of people have all the lights on, screens on, everything's loud in their living room. And okay, let's go to bed. And then they just think they're branching in a transition like that. Even dimming the lights down, you know, pretty significantly throughout the night, where after dinner, there's no bright lights, that can make a big difference. And people don't realize like, it's not about just not exposing yourself to a screen. It's about the length of time. Like two hours is way more impactful than one hour when it comes to the screen usage. Absolutely. I mean, seven o'clock in our house, we're lighting some candles. We're turning down that overhead. Like we are setting the scene for just a really relaxing night. I'm a big candle guy. I'm even on like a candle of the month like the blurry serve. Are you? I know the crowd that for you after. Definitely. Todd, let's move into a couple of things that can negatively impact sleep. So there are a couple of things here. And there are a lot of great things that people have written in about, about the impact that they can have. And I want to start with caffeine. This is a big one. And there are some people out there who may be better off not having caffeine in their diet. But there's also a bit of a general rule of cutting off caffeine at a certain time a day. So I want to talk about one of the impact caffeine can have on your sleep if you're having it closer to bed time. And then too, how to really understand what that sweet spot is for you. Yeah, caffeine is tough because there are a lot of positive studies about caffeine. There's a lot of positive performance studies. There's cognitive studies. There's long-term brain health studies, all positive stuff for the most part, but when it comes to sleep, it can have a big impact, as we know. And I think that just being intentional with caffeine is the biggest thing. So the first thing is with caffeine is I like to treat it like a play action pass in football, which obviously plays football. So I relate everything to that. But a play action pass, if you want to play action pass every play, it's not going to work. You have to mix it in. You can only run it every so often and it works really well because you take, you kind of catch a deep into off guard. Well, caffeine is the same way. If you don't use it for a couple of days, you have a big workout, a big event, a big meeting, a big presentation, and then you use it, it's really impactful. It works really well. When you use every single day, the exact same dose, over and over again, even after a couple of weeks, you're not going to feel that. So I recommend people just to save it for when you need it. It'll have a much larger impact. And you're probably going to enjoy it more because it works. It's like anything. If you do it too much, it's just going to become routine and it's just a habitual at that point. How does that consumption timing impact sleep as well? So the half-life of caffeine is pretty long. It's between five and six hours. Everybody is different. Some people are extremely sensitive to caffeine. They're genetic tests and you can actually see if you're one of those people. For the most part, the earlier you can have caffeine, the better, because it tapers off over a long, long period. And when you have multiple doses, they stack on each other. We metabolize it relatively slow. So even 200 milligrams of caffeine in a day, which is a pretty average amount. If you have 108 AM and then 100 at noon, that's going to linger in your system much longer because your body is not able to metabolism or metabolize it upfront, kind of stacks on top of each other and then it's going to stay with you throughout the night. So really front loading it is the most important thing. And the other thing that makes more sense physiologically because caffeine prevents us from feeling tired, more than even gives us energy. It blocks the adenosine receptors which basically makes this feel tired throughout the day. So when you think about when you're having it, you want to feel tired later in the day. Unless there's something specific. Like unless you do have a big event competition in the afternoon, yes, you would use it then. That's a perfect way to use it because it's going to block the thing that is making feel tired. As far as how we usually function in the way most people's days are set up, it makes more sense to have it earlier in the day and kind of prevents you from feeling tired throughout the day and tapers off for the night. Because for example, if someone has like three cups of coffee, 100 milligrams cup of coffee, which is small. Not many people will have 100 milligrams cup of coffee. But if they have an like 8, 11 and 1 PM, which is pretty standard, I don't think anybody would be like, oh, that's crazy. But even with that, you'll have around 80 milligrams of caffeine in your system at 11 PM, which a red bull has 80 milligrams of caffeine. So it really stays with you. So I think in tensionality and making sure you need it. Experience a couple of days without it. And really think about, do I feel a difference? Because oftentimes, two people have large doses of caffeine. They feel more anxiety. They feel more edgy. They feel like they're more irritable. And some people feel significantly better. It's just been years since they've actually tried it. And what impact could this potentially then have on those cycles that we discussed earlier on in the episode? Yeah. So usually people can't get into that that's flow way sleep as quickly. It tends to just float around in those first two stages of sleep back and forth. And it pushes you closer to those REM cycles. Or, but what's as you further in the night to the flow, I sleep in REM cycles. And the problem with that is what happens is you kind of like a similar to the growth homo spike. You kind of just lose out on those sleep cycles because your body's sleep cycles, stays consistent to the circadian rhythm. Meaning you have more REM cycles later in the night towards the morning. And you have more slow waves cycles that deep sleep earlier in the night. So if you're missing out on those deep sleep cycles because you have caffeine, you kind of just skip out on those because your brain will tend to jump into those REM cycles later in the night and skip out on the previously but hot. It's kind of like when you stay up to late. You don't start at stage one. You kind of jump into whatever sleep cycles you tend to normally get at that time. Of night. Right. So you can't really get there's nothing more important of all this stuff. All the sleep stuff can sit and see in your bedtime and wake time is by far the most impactful thing you can do more than any of these other things five times. I was just going to say your brain probably has a tendency. It has a sweet spot where it wants to be between let's say 3 am and 6 am or 4 am and 8 am if you're sleeping that way. That being said, if I usually go to bed at 10 and then I went to bed at midnight, but I still have to get up at that 7 o'clock slot. Like you said, we're missing out on key areas of the sleep cycle. Yeah. People think that like, okay, let's say you know, you're going to go to bed at 10 and wake up at 5. So you're getting 7 hours and you stay up late. Right. So you only got 5 hours of sleep. And then the next night, you went to bed at 10 but woke up at 3 and you're still getting 5 hours of sleep. That really is not the same thing because in the night that you went to bed late, you're going to have significantly more REM cycles because that's the normal time you're bringing to those REM cycles. And then when you woke up early, you're going to get more of the non REM sleep which impacts the body differently as well. So it's more like I said, there's no way to hack the consistency. Like you can't shift it one way or the other because your body stays consistent to that circadian rhythm and it takes a long time to change your circadian rhythm. Right. I hear that all the time too. I don't understand. I still got my 7 in. Like, well, what time did you go to bed? They're like, well, 1. Yeah. Yeah. What time do you usually go to bed at 9? I usually get in bed at 9.30 and I'm sleepy at 10. That's why you felt terrible at that. And it's like the more and more studies that come out, the hours of sleep before midnight are especially impactful. I just read that as well. And it's weird though because the thing with it, even like with nutritional choices and craving and poor food and things like that, but the only thing I can say is, I wonder if it's someone that's sleeping 1 to 9 as opposed to some of the sleeping 9 to 5, there's probably going to be a different type of lifestyle. Because I'm just curious, is it correlation or causation? But it seems to be pretty consistent because every single study that comes out with different populations seems to be pointed to the fact that that before midnight sleep is especially impactful. Yep. Yep. Alcohol. This is probably the one we get asked about the most. It's a highly controversial thing right now. We're actually seeing the lowest amount of alcohol consumption in younger ages than we ever have before. Let's talk about how it impacts sleep. I mean, we're coming out of the pretty cool product in this round. I can't really say much, but it's going to be sweet. I'm very excited about it. Very cool. Let's talk about, I think people are always like, I felt like I slept all 8 hours after a night of drinking, but I still feel hung over. I still feel exhausted. Now you and I kind of understand what's happening right, but let's break down how that's actually impacting the body. Yeah, it makes sense that you get the illusion that you sleep well because, you know, but there's a difference between being sedated and sleeping because alcohol is sedated to you, right? And it does make you fall asleep faster. Similar with THC. It makes you fall asleep faster. What it does is it just prevents your brain from getting into those REM cycles. So you float around in these lighter stages of sleep. It takes about four or five hours for your body to metabolize the alcohol. Then once it does, your brain is like, I have had no REM sleep this first half the night or first five hours the night. I need to make up for it. And you go into these really deep and tense, long REM cycles. And so when you wake up, you feel like you're coming out of a coma because essentially you were because you deprived your brain of this REM sleep the entire night. And so it feels like it gives the illusion that, you know, one, I fell asleep really fast into when I woke up, I was in a deep, deep sleep. So it must must be a net positive for my sleep. And in fact, that's not all what's happening. You know, to actually be opposite. Can the same argument be made about drinking earlier in the day? So it's going to brunch better than going to be cocktails. Yeah. So I think the brunch memos says is definitely a better option. The problem is most people have a couple of memos in them that just kind of... Domino's. Yeah, it just falls into, you know, let's go to the next place in the next place. But yeah, you know, like I always recommend, like let's say, you're going to have two glasses of wine. No matter what. Even if, you know, some people have two glasses of wine every night. We'll take this as a case study. If you just had those glasses of wine when you were making dinner as opposed to after dinner, that's going to result in hours and hours and hours of more of REM sleep throughout the year. So that subtle change where you're not eliminating anything, but you're just allowing your body to process the alcohol. It's a substantial impact. And I think that's the changes people need to make. It's not like, you know, I understand like there's been times in my life. You know, everybody has their ups and downs. There's been times where I have, I was having a significant amount of drinks almost every single night, you know, probably seven years ago. And it would be nearly impossible to change that right away. But I think like those minor shifts build momentum. You shift it forward. You're having the same experience. Probably a better experience. And then you're able to sleep better. And all of a sudden you start feeling better. And you probably will create that alcohol less or be more willing to cut it down. That one glass or you might, you don't have to eliminate it. There are ways to do it that are less impactful. You know, alcohol is not a good thing. But I get people enjoy it. I'll have drinks every once in a while. But I think again, like being intentional with all this stuff is the most important. I think people just rip it. And they don't think about it until they realize it's going to have an impact. And there's one thing you don't want to impact, it's your sleep. You know, having alcohol early in the day does it affect other things in our body. Yes, it affects, you know, hormone levels, protein synthesis, all these different things. I'll take that over impacting my sleep any day of the week. Right, disclaimer. We're not saying a rip shot on your 11th and conference called. But I mean, you know, sometimes you gotta do it together. You gotta do it, yes. You know, something that almost goes hand in hand is sugar, right? They're sugar, obviously in alcohol, especially in some alcohol over others. You know, you're nightly wine drinkers. I think that's a big factor that they don't really take into account. So I mean, we're in a sugar epidemic. It's a huge conversation. Talk about, I mean, you know, I totally, we go as low as sugar as possible. And in terms of our daily diet, as you've said, that may not be an easy adjustment for a lot of people. But what does sugar's impact on sleep? Yeah. So this year, they just released a study that showed that, you know, unhealthy fat and sugar intake, actually impacts the architecture of your sleep. So like I was talking, it seems like everything I say this for every negative thing. But you tend to get less of the deep sleep, the deep sleep cycles that you know, your brain is essentially, you know, pumping these fluids and clearing out of the five products when you eat a poor diet. When you eat a high fat, high sodium diet and also accelerates your cravings. Like you tend to crave those things even more and more. So yeah, it really is just a poor quality, the less efficient, night sleep. And then the other thing is that growth hormone spike. So that growth hormone spike in that first sleep cycle is extremely sensitive to blood sugar. So when your blood sugar spikes high, that growth hormone spike seems not to happen as often. Or not as not as prevalent. So you know, I think keeping your blood sugar low, especially leading up to bed can be a really impactful thing. Speaking of blood sugar, right? I think an equally as popular conversation right now is fascinating. We've talked about it on here. When you wake up in the morning and you have a lower level than you did when you went to sleep obviously because the watch has happened over the last seven or eight hours, right? You know, how should we be thinking about coming out of sleep? I think that's a conversation that we don't talk about enough as well. What do we want to, how do we want to get our body going coming out of these cycles? Well, I think along those same lines, nothing to do with like the fast, but even less psychological state. I think in alarm, like the actual alarm you have can put your body in a stress state, which is going to impact the fuel consumption and the way your body is metabolizing foods. But you know, having a subtle alarm or even like a vibration, like the the wup alarm was actually great. I was just going to say it's been one of my favorite details. It's great. If for multiple reasons, but having a subtle vibrating alarm, my bed actually creates these like tiny waves through it as these air chambers in it. And it gradually builds up to my alarm. But you know, we have enough stress in our life. And the worst thing you can do is put yourself under this, especially like technology created stress first thing in the morning. So I think that's one thing. Yeah, so with the vibrating alarm, like the other nice thing too is if you sleep with a partner, it doesn't disturb them. Right? And that's when you talk about not giving you brain opportunities to think about something that's stressful in the middle of the night. Sleeping with the partner is also something that you need to be intentional on. And a memory foam mattress is an amazing investment because when that person moves, if you don't have a memory foam mattress, like you're going to wake up. And so now you're waking up twice as often, right? And then their hydration is affecting your sleep. So now you have two people's hydration to monitor, or is if you have a, and now there's pretty affordable mattress options to their memory foam, which is awesome. But even the vibrating alarm in the morning, you know, it doesn't wake up your partner. Maybe they get to sleep in a little later than you would ever maybe, but it's just a much more peaceful way to kind of start the day off and not spike your, your cortisol and Sorry, cortisol and just kind of set set your mindset for the day. I think that like that old apple alarm, it's like super aggressive is just the worst. Right, or maybe. Yeah, you're a favorite song from 10 years. Yeah, that was actually a really, really, really, really. It did. It's so true. It would be really long. A wallay song that I had for my alarm, and I can't stand it to this day. I'm the same. I think I had like an OAR song, a backing college, and I'm still a strict, but you're always a pick your favorite song. Right, but now it's a really opposite triggering that. It's horrible. Yeah. You brought up a really great point. We hear a lot about sleep divorce, right? Yeah. It kind of has a negative connotation to it. Now, here's a thing. And here's, this is a tough one, right? Because you mentioned we want the emotional connection. It's a really often. It's sometimes the only time we get with our partner with how busy life can be, right? And there's tons of benefits to, you know, that skin on skin, being close to your partner. You know, the role that can it play on quarters or levels. On the flip side, you may be completely opposite sides of this spectrum when it comes to your sleep pattern. Someone could be like, actually, I'm like, deep sleepers. I'm making it be extremely light. Any sort of movement, you know, maybe someone moves a lot. And the other person's often like, woken up by that. So, I mean, how do we combat this? What's the solution? It's tough. I mean, I tend to lean towards the relationships, side of things. I think, I mean, in our culture and society, it's really hard to separate like sleeping together from just this like, analytical, logical choice. And like you said, I mean, you know, skin on skin contact has amazing effect on our hormone levels and stress. And I feel like I feel that I, I, I sleep better when, when Katie's home. And so, I think it's hard. Like, if it was just purely like, you recognize, look, like, this isn't an important part of our life, like spending that time. We have different sleep schedule and you, and you did that from a perspective of logic. I think it'd be okay. But the other thing is, I think there's like so many steps. You could take before you get to that point. Like, I have a hard time that people would do, you know, these 10 different things to try to correct the problem before they had to do that. I think people kind of jumped to that because they're at their width and whatever. So sleep deprived. Right. And I get why they do it. But I think that, like, whatever's causing it, it could probably be addressed. And they just don't want to address it. A lot of times it's snoring, right. And, you know, the Mount tape is amazing way to stop snoring. It, it almost works instantly. But like, also snoring is not something to ignore. Like, that is a breathing disturbance. Like, you should not just be snoring to the point where your partner is waking up. Like, that's not something to ignore. Like, you should definitely get that look at that. And I think that's the problem. I have other than most people are just like throwing a bandaid on an issue and not addressing it. And what you're actually doing a disservice to your partner by doing that because like, that's going to have some negative outcomes. And, you know, just sleeping in separate rooms is not going to help anything. Right. To your point, kind of addressing what, you know, first of all, let's figure out what the problem is. If it's a snoring, let's try to get a figure out. If you can't take it another night. Okay. Let's take a pause while we get it figured out. But, I mean, like you said, I mean, in our household, we've both done Mount tape immediately. I just you said that night, like, problem solved. Right. So they're definitely angry with the sentiment that there are steps to be taken. Yeah. And you think about all the stuff we've done, the memory film mattresses, you know, whatever may pillows, ear plugs can be a great tool. Like, if you do all that stuff, I'm just trying to think of somewhat like an issue that would still arise in a relationship. I think I think a lot can be done. And on the flip side, some people probably have a great experience and it's just easier for them to do that. And they're moving around. They don't want to get a new mattress or it doesn't work out, whatever it may be. I'm not knocking it, but me personally, I would associate it with like more relationship problems. Right. And it would, from a slightly odds of perspective, I just wouldn't feel like going about it. Right. I think there's also a hybrid approach to it, too. Maybe there are some days where your partner has to be up at 445, 5 o'clock in the morning and you don't have to be up until 7. Okay. That's 2 or 3 days of the week. Okay. Let's compromise. Those are the 2 or 3 nights. If you're fortunate enough to have the extra space to move around and have that extra bed, they're going to go over there. You're going to go over there and then the other 4 nights of the week you guys are together. So I think it's like anything else. It has to be customized to your life. And if you live in New York, like you're only a choice. Yeah, you're going to win a twin bed. Yeah, you're going to go up to the roof. So I think this lens well into what positively impacts sleep. Now we talked a little bit about going about waking up, but we haven't really addressed the circadian rhythm. Right. What is the circadian rhythm? Yeah. So circadian rhythm is just like our basically our association and our alliance with the Earth in a way. It's really how our hormones and our body reacts to light like the sun coming up and darkness. And it remains very regular to the 24th cycle of our day. And so it's really just our natural triggering cycles of hormonal release like melatonin. And it keeps us regular throughout the night. Which is interesting because when they put people in a room with like no association to the outside of the world and the lights are blocked and they have no idea what time it is. Our circadian rhythm is actually slightly longer than 24 hours. Which is closer to the the rotation of Mars, which is like maybe you know maybe you're from Mars. You never know, but it's interesting, but I think that's why it's so like our body is very sensitive to light and it's hard to align or I guess make the sun a really really important piece of your life and align it in your schedule lines with them the sun comes up and obviously different times of the year it changes. So I think being mindful of light and how to impact things and making sure you're triggering things at the right times. Then melatonin specifically is triggered by darkness. So I think a lot of people are taking melatonin which like they don't even realize why they're taking it or what it's doing. And a lot of times like I was saying just by creating a gradient from the living space to the bedroom and having it darken over the evening can really boost your melatonin production. Most people body has the ability to produce plenty of melatonin to get them through a normal sea cycle. It's just when there's a million lights on you're going to have a tough time or it's going to be significantly delayed. Right you take that melatonin now you're still in the phone all the lights are on the TV's blasting right? We're not really setting yourself up in that I think people like they expect like a sedating result and that's not what it is. It's triggering hormone on to it's not it's not about like someone how alcohol makes you feel sleepy that's not what you should expect that's why they're combining it with all these other supplements that have more of a sedating feel. Right you have melatonin already it's kind of just given that extra boost to hey you know it's time to win. Anytime you know our body has a hormone cycle it's always good if you can optimize that you know naturally your body can produce the right timing and and react to to light in the correct way like that's going to be the best option. Right I mean you hear it all the time before electricity existed right you used to be you went to bed when the sun went down you got up when the sun rose you rose with the sun right I think I think people really feel like when it in the winter you know you really feel how much it impacts you because you feel like it's like 11 o'clock in night and it's 7pm and that's how you should feel. Yeah so that's usually a good sign if you're if you're able to create that synthetic darkness in your house like if in the winter you're significantly more sleepy like you know just reflect on that feeling and understand like how can I create that in the summer months and dim these lights because you'll have the same reaction and most people do sleep better in the winter months. Yeah absolutely let's talk about the dark environment and the benefit of things like black out shades, sleep masks, things like that you know and how that plays into you know our natural circunium rhythm. Yeah I mean sleep masks I love because it's it's a very cheap easy option that you can take anywhere you go right it's hard like life is all about controlling the control rules especially with athletes with talk about controlling the controls. Light can be something that was out of your control so the sleep mask is a cheap option that wherever you go you know you're going to have black out light when you're sleeping and you know my favorite part of the sleep mask beyond just the light is it's just a psychological trigger aspect like putting that thing on for our young athletes especially like college athletes it's crazy the impact on their sleep nothing to do with the actual light everything to do with the commitment to going to bed you know a lot of kids and even adults are on their phone on Snapchat till two three in the morning till they just like are so tired they fall asleep really with their phone in their hand well also you pretty quickly create this routine of actually committing to sleep and all sudden they're falling asleep in five minutes so I think that's super useful and it's an easy way to really efficiently maximize any situation but black out shades too the thing like black out shades it's really hard is one their obviously expensive to it's really hard to fully black out a room you know we have black out shades in our room but then you know our bathroom doesn't have them and then the light kind of leaks in so that's why I just tend to go to sleep mask it's just easier it's really hard to fully black it out all right it's throwing in your bag when you're traveling it doesn't matter what kind of hotel you're going to be at just there sleep on the plane it's there that's a really great one I found overnight I struggle with plain sleep I do too so bad at it I tried to that I mean we woke up at 345 in the morning and I tried to like wake up the least amount I rarely will take those flights but there was a kid yet something we had to do it I tried to like wake up the least amount mentally you know something I'm gonna fall asleep on the flight now didn't fall asleep for a minute yeah and it was it was bummed about it I just got targeted by the this crazy device I mean it's like a it's like a box and you put and you put it on your tray table you put both hands in there in case you also want to be on your phone while you're in there but us yeah I know hold your print cover safe is it clear what it's just a hole that you put your face in that allows you to not flop completely down onto the table it's pretty uncomfortable though it's pretty rough like I can't find a position it's comfortable must sometimes on the window I can like lean over you know yeah but it's not I'm an aisle gal because I like the freedom I'm getting up but at the same time it's probably the most disturbing so I like pretty big shoulders I just can't hit like every person was hitting me I don't know walk by but I struggle like that even like the the lay down beds sometimes it's like I still can't fall off with you it's a tough environment but let's talk about temperature and how that plays a role as well we've typically inherently heard that cooler temperatures right but there's also things that we can do whether that's heating the body before bed so I want to talk about body temperature and I also want to talk about room temperature and how those go hand in hand for falling asleep yeah so yeah heat before bed is amazing you know you know in order for our body to get into those deep sleep cycles it has to drop its core temperature like about a degree and so by applying heat to your body before bed it has this reaction over like overreacts and creates this cooling mechanism that allows yourself to cool down very efficiently so any type of heat before bed you know when we talk about like sauna benefits you know with all these longevity studies and the heat shock proteins and all this stuff going on like that's a separate conversation from like just this heating yourself up before bed so even like hot tub a bath a shower like it's it's more the actual temperature in raising your temperature just the touch as opposed to you know some of the studies going on with sauna and so yeah when you heat yourself up before bed it allows yourself to cool down really efficiently and you know drop that temperature and you get into those deep sleep cycles slightly faster when you're able to do that you know what I've been doing with the temperature drop here in New York I've essentially make myself into a burrito and my heated blanket on the couch and then I head into I leave my room around you know 65, 68 and once my temperature is risen and I go into that cooler room I mean I'm asleep within five minutes yeah but I think the key is having the cooler room because when you yourself up like being too warm and the cool room is just allowing your body to cool itself down like giving it the ability to do it or the or the the opportunity so when it's even it's too warm you're going to meet a bad place and the other thing is to like I do sauna every single night the thing you don't want to go you can go a little overboard of the heat like in a hot tub or sauna like so to the point where it's a stressor so I think that it's if you're going to do like sauna protocols it's important to do like a less aggressive like a lower temperature one for a longer duration as opposed to like you know 215 degrees for 20 minutes because that's probably going to be a stress which is probably going to like wake you up a little bit. All right I typically do like my 185 degree sessions at 20 25 minutes earlier in the day if I have that opportunity to go in night same thing I'm most likely doing contrast and most likely rotating between the sauna and cold punch soda cold punch depending on the type of year and I don't necessarily want to be coming out of 30 degree water when it's also through degrees outside. I don't know why it makes it so much worse it does like a million times. Yes but the temperature is the water's the same but like and it's hard to get in there. It is so you know in the winter months I definitely love to end that contrast therapy in heat in the winter months I'll end it in cold especially these 95 degree days that we have I get out of that cold tub and then you know shortly after I'm going to bed I sleep fairly fairly well. Yeah yeah I'll usually end then like if I do contrast I'll do like a quick dip in the cold because I'm so hot right after the sauna but I won't do like a couple minutes I'll just be like two seconds and that's like I knock out hard and actually the the hot tub's growing on me like the hot tub's very relaxing and again you can have I do the sauna and the hot like all that stuff like the sauna for conversation the social side of that like I said I mean you can't beat it that's another thing you know going in the RKD and night like those two things like the sauna and watching a show like that's my perfect night time routine and it's like the most relaxed I'll ever be. Yeah I love that last one we have for positive impacts hydration you touch them this a little bit before what not to do when it comes to your hydration but let's talk about what to do for hydration to set ourselves up for great sleep. Yeah so I'm gonna think that I mean hydration in general like you know globally across the body so so helpful but I think the biggest thing the coach of hydration is the timing of it you know it's really hard to emphasize how important that is and like again intense and I keep saying intense and I don't eat but it's often thing we just don't think about and you're already doing it it's just shifting it in a way that you're aware that it has another impact so I think that a lot of people just think okay my goal is you know whatever 120 ounces of water well like let's set some smaller goes smaller goals you know in between that and I also think too I think people don't realize how much hydration they need in vigorous exercise and that's when they tend to get in trouble for my hydration perspective and then obviously being dehydrated can you know being dehydrated can really mess with some of some of your breathing mechanisms just because things get dry now and you tend to snore more or you also tend to wake up more often so I think having almost like hourly goals and smaller goals and then being very intentionally when you have a vigorous workout to know exactly how much water you should have like every 15 minutes not just like you know drink a bottle like being being aware of like how much you're how much you're expelling and how much you need to replenish along with like the elective light balance. I was just going to say and then the additional minerals that you need as well I mean I think sodium testing is a huge thing right now that a lot of people especially if you're a high sweater I think it's really beneficial to look at how much sodium you're losing and your blood work too look at your sodium look at your potassium and if you are sweating a lot in the workouts that you're could be beneficial to look at those hydration sticks especially right after to replenish. There's actually I don't remember the name of the company but there's a new company that's actually has like a patch that's like Bluetooth and it can measure the amount of sodium that you lose in different exercises and different situations which is cool because like something like a sauna it is hard to know exactly how much you're losing and what type of electalite you're losing because I think people like you know people sometimes now like you know electalite have exploded and sometimes people wake up and just hammer electrolytes when it's like a thousand milligrams of sodium which is which is okay but it's like okay well if you're drinking that five times a day like have some awareness it's not like more is always better you know it's a balance there and then like just pure hydration in general is is all about that balance it's not even I think people don't realize it's a thing about this amount of water this amount of luck lights and for they're just creating that balance of water in and out of the cell I think what we're going to start to see in the coming years I mean yes electalite have come to a significant boom you know I think back in the day it was like drink some gatoring well now today we have access to thousands of dollars. Gatoring to bad rap though I love gatoring and especially from a carburphacement as well. So people are like you know they always like give gatoring a hard time and I'm like well yeah if you're sitting around but you like it was like literally formulated for exactly when it's meant to be used for like hardcore and current athletes football games things like that like it's to pretty solid form it. Well you know it's sitting it's sitting in the grocery store aisles and if you're just picking that up from you to drink at your desk well think about it that that's not originally what the formulation was made for it was made for athletes who are losing significant amount of stress or as sweat excuse me but also carburphacement I mean you can't get better than having some gatoring in the middle of like a triathlon or a good right you know but I think what we're really going to start seeing is more people getting sodium sweat test more people you know really looking at this at a more detailed level on their blood work I mean how many people are really looking at their sodium potassium levels unless they're so aggressively under right or some emergency situation has caused their potassium just to crash and down there in the hospital right I think what we're going to start to see in the next couple of years is people really paying more attention and well how do I actually balance my electrolytes not just I'm going to pour one of these sticks into my bottle every day or twice a day and think that's good enough I think it's more a more customized. I agree I think the one work thing is started to change and shift like I work with blogs like you know you had them on the show and it's it's hard to put a value on that too and the problem is like you said people don't often go that route until there's an issue you don't have a baseline it's somebody doing like a sleep study like if you're only measuring when there's a problem the data is almost irrelevant because like those norms you're comparing it to everybody is different. Everybody has had no different norm baseline levels so especially something like electrolytes like you're the upper end of a spectrum on one or on the lower end like that's going to make you probably feel significantly different but you would never know if you don't get you know regular blood work. Right I mean if something comes back on your blood work and you are maybe maybe you're not even in a concerning zone for your doctor but maybe you're one point over the normal limit well what were you three years ago what were you two years ago one year ago six months ago you could have been twenty points lower than what you were so now just because you're only one point over the quote unquote normal range well that could be extremely elevated for where you were six months ago and now it is a problem because now we have to say why you specifically so elevated and then where you were happy you're ago. Yeah I think like the body it's like the delta like the change is is really where the value is when it comes to measuring things like these these normal ranges are great and there's it's useful but like when you're really talking about like someone that's trying to optimize not someone that has like a really you know clinical issue going on but someone just trying to look or feel it's good as they possibly can like you need baselines. Yeah absolutely Todd you've looked us with a ton of valuable tips on how to get the night sleep we've all been dreaming of if you had to narrow it down to three tips to start with today what would be the priorities. Number one like just what years ahead of the rest is staying within 30 minutes of your wait time and bedtime like I can't emphasize how important that is I would say number two is front love your hydration I think that I think that people really mess up that I think people don't realize the impact it's having on how many times they wake up throughout the night and then I think my third one would be just relax and what I mean by that is there's all the stuff out there there's a there's a million different data points and wearables and information out there but at the end of the day if you have a bad night sleep or you can't fall back and sleep get up take your mind off it like you're gonna be fine like people have done amazing things on horrible night sleep in the worst thing you can do is sit there and beat yourself up about it so you know it is what it is you pulled all night is before the next day will come and then just do better the next night awesome Todd thanks so much for stopping by today tell our listeners how they can fall along the learn more yeah so I'm on Instagram the most probably post all that stuff just taught in or soon and like you said dream of covering.io we're gonna start launching a bunch of free webinars and do more educational stuff similar to stuff we talked about today but I love just help people out I try to get to its many messages back and stuff and anybody has any specific sleep issues or they want to talk about something you know I am more than happy to help awesome Todd appreciate you stopping by while you're in town awesome yeah thank you thanks for tuning in to another episode here at bodybuilding.com stay tuned for more stories along the way