You're on the wrong way. I don't know. I don't know. You asked him. I am. Who let the dogs out? And look at the dogs. Yeah, they come. And we said. Woo. Woo. Woo. Woo. Woo. Woo. Woo. Woo. Woo. Woo. Woo. Woo. Woo. Woo. Woo. Woo. Woo. Woo. So I am often you're exciting to get my recovery game on. We were all from recovery with her last week. So we did a little homework recovery. But we were back this week and taking it from there. So let's go to the stream. I know we're releasing this hamstring. That is super tight. We're getting into the inner hamstring. We just related into your ad dr. We just related to your ad dr. We only need the camera to see the twitch. So I'm going that deep. Then into the muscle to give it a release. We literally just like get your central nervous system to relax. We are in now week three. I had last week of just doing a little bit of recovery at home with the holiday. I'm at a place now where understanding my body a little more, where I definitely hold a little bit of tension, but talking about what you felt to them too. Today I felt hips, addoctorish, and your ankle mobility. I can mobility. Take a look after the ankle mobility. So stick with your central in deep squats. Even though it's mobile, they don't have to be heavy. Just open up their ankles. Reins them up in the platforms. You're getting actually deeper into them. Plus, they're sad to say that if you can deep squats, they're going to be in their killies. That's all kept in the vein. So don't miss that. Don't miss that. About definitely Copenhagen Planks. Yeah. I'm going to sing it till it's done. Homework predicts when Copenhagen, Copenh, let's say it all together. Copenhagen Planks. It's going to be better than the waffle that he eats. Don't you dare say that. No, it's the fact. It's better than the waffle you eat. I know girls bring hot sauces. I put that in the freezer. You put that out of your bag? Yeah. I need some salty girl. First naughty wife and food wise. It is a unilateral strength day. Making sure that I just feel strong. I think one of the big things that I've been hyper focusing on a lot of the times throughout this marathon prep has just been not wanting to lift legs transparently just because I feel like I'm so tired with them with them on a mile and putting on weekly. But I'm going to do a little bit of some unilateral strength today. Do a little bit of core. And yeah. Stay tuned. So most likely from based to elbow that is about your shoe size. I. But they're pretty much if I didn't have my shoe on. Yeah, because for content wise and you can even push it as like a marketing tool. Yeah, you know, these were hand made by me. Oh yeah, that's right. So, etc. It's here and it ends here. So like the actual design of the shirt with the map as the forefront. I was just like, look, I'm like, this looks weird. Like, I can't really tell what it is. So then creatively, you were like, let me do this exactly. So I was like, you know, if I put it within the perspective of like the actual country, thinking a little more sense and I was like, oh, wait, then if I do that, now it just looks like a map with like a bunch of lines in it. Yeah. And I was like, that looks like coordinates. Like these dots that I put in because the dots are the stop points. This would be out. Yep, this would be out. It's a Berlin-Marathon-Planet. All right. What's up, Dalham? Hello, what's up? I'm happy to be here. I'm happy to be here. I'm happy to be here. I'm happy to be here. I'm happy to be here. I'm happy to be here. I'm happy to be here. I'm happy to be here. I'm happy to be here. Let's go. All right. So I just did 18 miles. I know today was scheduled for 22, but we had two car accidents and a fire. So cut my day kind of short. I think what I've learned also living in the tricet area, especially in a ho-goating Jersey city, is running during rush hour. It's never a good idea. So those long runs got to be really dialed in. I think I got to leave in the morning as I get ready for the next marathon, which I'm super excited to announce. The New York City marathon. I just got asked to do the New York City marathon. I'll have more details about that, but I'm super excited. Post Berlin getting into that. But I ran the fastest splits I've ever done on a long run. So there's pros and cons inside of me. Did I get to the threshold that I wanted to get to? No, but I definitely felt good the entire time. The way that I attacked today was in 5K sports. So I would run a 5K and then I would probably pull off about 45 seconds to a minute of that target pace and then go into the next 5K split. Same thing, active recovery. That's not really slow. And then go into the next 5K and so forth. So it did 4 or 5K today. I felt good. I used those blocks of active recovery to gel. I just get a little water in my body. And I felt like that was really, really helpful as well. I haven't thought about that. I kind of have just been going out my longer runs before. When I did my 20, it was like, let me start in the 8040 space and just try and negative split the entire way. And when I found in that as well was although that tactic was great, it didn't give me enough time to set a goal for a short window of miles. Now understanding that I might try and start attacking that as I think about Berlin is like, what is that sweet threshold in my first 5K out? I definitely went faster today looking back on it. The first 2-5K is I was like, oh, I'm chillin'. 7-30, 7-15, like this is easy. I think what I'll do for Berlin is treat it in that RPE. So perceived different levels. Yeah, next week I got a half marathon on my plate. That's my last kind of like, I really long run, but long-dish run and then I go into full taper. Yeah, today was a good day. Today is acceptable. Hot coffee. Today is acceptable. No hot coffee. Today there's hot coffee. Very rude diet. We're ready to go, not actually really difficult. It's like it's freezing. I'm really hungry. It's not that cold. It's not that cold. The actual city challenge. I love the world, but nice. What about the world, brother? We're back. We're back. Absolutely beautiful. What a run. I'll be high you feel it. Dad right now. We're going forward to the game right now. There's nothing better than a Sunday where the judge doesn't latch. There really isn't. It's the best. Yeah. He's right. That's why I think I'm coming up. I'm being cured. All right. Is it a break? It's a break. It's a break.