What I guess I got my recipes which never come to the store without your recipes because you will always forget something. So we managed to find our healthy section first world that we're getting stuff a little bit of odd things aren't. So we've got this whole line of bins here with all sorts of goodies so I think that's where I'm going to start. I'm making it to stir one of those time coming in bars and it's going to walnuts. So I'm going to get some walnuts. Now some people are afraid to use a lot of nuts and stuff in their recipe but that's really good. They're really filling. They're really healthy for you. They have lots of omegas and a lot of creamy ones. I'm going to go with them. The team you've got is brown walnuts. These look like they're actually the same thing. You can actually use walnuts, you can use almonds. The peanuts I would shy away from a little bit because they're not as nutritious and a little bit higher in fat so let's go ahead and get some more. It's like pretty good. You're going to half a pound there. Pretty good. Let's see now the bins have all sorts of great things for you. One of the things you notice is that if you're not familiar with an ingredient like say second knot or something like that that's a little odd. It's a little bit not by the way. It can be a good substitute for brown sugar. It's a little more granular so you go to get used to cooking with these things but that's why these are so great because you can get this in tiny bit and kind of practice with it. It doesn't matter. You didn't invest $8 in some weird things but they also list nutrition. They list what it all contains. So that all these bins have a load of all sorts of different flowers and then you've got your price. You have all these little pre mixes. Be careful with some of the pre mixes because they've got dried fruits and you always want to go for the fruits that are actually whole fruits and not the dried because the dried have a lot of sugar. Gotcha. And they're not as dense. You're really not getting as whole on this sorts of things. It's very easy to overdo it need too much. And sugar in fat combo even when it's healthy fat is not always the best combination that will actually come on some weeks. We try to gain load up. But yeah, here is a product called silent. Oh, some. I usually like ideal that's another brand. It's a Zyla tall product. This is a natural screener. And on this natural screener pretty much everything is zero except for we've got some carbs in there. And it does have some sugar after all in Zyla tall but it's a natural um both. Sometimes sugar alcohols will upset people stomach. I like to cook with it but I don't and they put it um but I just don't overdo it. So I'm going to get this and put it in my bag. And another smeter that I like that I think actually is on another aisle. We'll have to check it out later as Steveita because I know I get a lot of questions about Steveia and there's different brands. Evidently one side of the leaf tastes a little bit more bitter than the other side of the leaf. So depending on what's brand you grab it might be a little um little more pungent um and more expensive if they actually refined the tasteier side of the leaf. So Steveia's an acquired taste but it's really really great for baking as well. So okay we've got all the organic beans and soups. A lot of soups are really good but you gotta be careful like if you grab something because they still have quite a bit of sodium in it you're still far better off making your own and so one of the things you can do is look over here to your left where you have all of these awesome rocks and it's look for just low sodium and I like organic because that usually means cure ingredients and credit in it. But you can make the base pretty much any soup here and to make it creamy you can have things like organic Greek yogurt you can have almond milk right smoke things like that. So let's grab these look pretty good. This is no salt added which I like. So that makes it only 30 milligrams of salt and I need some black beans for a truly that I'm gonna make so I'm gonna get this next I need oat flour. I use oat flour and a lot of my recipes and I think a lot of here are familiar with it. There's lots of people making my bars thank you for doing that. So we're gonna make some more I'm gonna make my pumpkin protein bars and I'm also making my cinnamon swirl protein bread so oat flour which right here is an awesome choice for that. I don't see here that they have one that is marked gluten free but typically oat flour is gluten free. The difference is when it's marked you can be guaranteed that in the processing that it was never contaminated or cross contaminated so really most oat flour is gluten free but if you want to be sure look for the one that's marked gluten free. So um but for this one if you look here it's just whole-brain oats. But you can make this yourself too you can use a coffee grinder is really convenient if you just want to do a little bit of time. My mom and she likes to take a whole canister of the oats right in the blender and then put a right back in the container and just scoop out of there because this is pretty much like eating a bowl of oatmeal is you know you use a couple cuts in a whole recipe and you're really not getting a whole whole lot of carbs. One thing to keep in mind that is this great this is really fine you won't necessarily be able to get it as time on your own so you might get a tiny bit more for the recipe um than what it's a complete possible for. So but we're going to get this and I actually get to oh I will mention this this is just finally ground almonds um this is this can work in some of them for substitute but it it really does change the texture it's more merely it's more granular um so sometimes combining things works a little bit better plus if you notice it's definitely more expensive so you really gotta know your recipe to use this or you can end up wasting it but I know a lot of people will combine this with here like almond butters nut butters um peanut butter even um to make cookie consistency so it'll be a little crumbly though so you always find beginners but this is definitely a good option for you know carb it's kind of people. I love the grocery store I can hang out forever here we just came across this. Don't eat this. It was a trend I think for a while and it and it looks like it's you know decent it's not too bad and on the nutrition panel but the problem with the gov is it will spike your blood sugar. So it's not your best option as far as sweeteners. I make a coconut macaron that I absolutely love and I do put it in there because the coconut is really um it's a really small batter it's a batch of stuff I guess it only yields about 10 cookies so if I want to be a little naughty um this is still the lesser of eagles as far as like real sugar and stuff like that but um just be aware that this one actually will spike your blood sugar so if I was gonna choose because this is more watery I probably just go for the real organic honey which is my big student. If I were making something we would have had to sweeten in that way or make it thicker definitely the honey is the good problem with some of these cereals is that their sugar content is still a little high um sometimes the what's in them though are fortified foods which means that it vitamins and minerals um but usually they have to add vitamins and minerals because they stripped down the nutrition value so I'm still you want to go for the more whole natural type foods but you know in a pinch especially for kids these are really good options this one looks like it's got five grams of sugar but it's got a considerable amount of fiber not too bad and then you've got all of these and if you look at it you can see whole oat flour yellow corn flour unsulfurred molasses that's probably your sweetener there and then it's got vitamins that were added so this is actually a pretty good option for kids for adults you're gonna make a trail mix on at home you can use something like this agronauts and maybe coconut flakes and same coconut or um again stay away from a lot of the dry fruits but you can make it sweeten with vanilla cinnamon things like that so anyway the lots of different choices here just keep your grams of sugar under five and look for a few additives to the process so now we've come to all the options of milk so we've got soy milk so we've got rice milk this one's for me everything's pretty much in milk I'm gonna look for unsweetened almond because that's what I like okay super pot um that one and then I don't typically do a lot of soy um that's a question that I get soy is a great alternative for vegans and soy is definitely really healthy but as far as a protein go it's not one of your stronger protein sources I usually shy away from it I've had breast cancer before and I I'm not sure there's always contradictory like sort of information on it whether or not it promotes so my doctors actually recommended that stay away so we did instead I opt for the almond and even the rice milk tech stuff's a little bit better but you're not getting as much nutrition from the rice milk as you are from almond milk actually let's see we'll look at the nutrition halon here for just it's only 40 calories per whole cup and your sugars you're looking at here is zero now if you were to look at actual milk you're still looking at fewer calories but your sugars get to like 8 to 12 grams sugar for less milk so we don't want that lactose we don't want that dairy dairy again can be estrogen promoting there's lots of hormones and stuff and certain things you can you can look for organic um and you can you can you can use that potentially but um typically dairy for some reason is just something that not very many people digest well that's why a lot of our way products and stuff for lactose free I don't eat this stuff instead I like to make my own chips organic keta or is he cute makes a lot of really great products they have a corn tortilla and so I'll just fake that in the oven and break it up I think that works better than a lot of this stuff because even though it's healthier um a lot of it's still highly processed it's a great fish option and actually um a fish might be something that we can look at at the menu so I might actually get some to lobby it let me look at everything I like the frozen place because they're usually class frozen so they're still really healthy and clean um you've got all sorts of options but this is not a lean white fish so it's always a good option for dying so I'm sure some of them now we are going to class the produce section I could hang out there all day there's so many great options um I might need to go back there and get some stuff for our fish but um so far I just got zucchini because we're going to make a trip burger using some zucchini I think with our fish maybe something like a spary guess I know a lot of you guys would be diet um you opt for sweet potatoes and fish or lots of greens and fish um so to accommodate you guys I think we will soon buy a ending of that over by the produce all right well I think for my turkey burgers I'm actually going to change that to a brown chicken burger you can do turkey or chicken but it looks like I'm in hot here they have brown chicken breasts make sure it's breast because we want the white meat the dark meat definitely more fatty but nutrition wise uh this one looks like four ounces 180 calories and eight grams of bad 24 grams protein um that's that's still a little bit higher in fact but it's not saturated it's got two four five grams of saturated it's not two beds only 70 milligrams of sodium to so then this one we've got lean or meats um it's 160 calories and eight grams of bad again this one's got 80 milligrams of sodium so I'm actually higher sodium and we've got 22 grams of protein this one was 24 grams of protein so um they're both a four ounce portion um so this is lean I actually want to actually maybe we hopefully we can out here four ounces 120 calories 1.5 grams of bad and nothing saturated 65 milligrams of sodium a little bit less than the chicken in 28 grams of protein and that weird how entire what it is so this is more natural less added it's so we're going to get this for our chili I'm going to get a couple of them one of the reasons I like choosing this is it's really not too high in fats and um it's a great source of protein in it's taste better that's one of my deals is it's actually a lot more uh it absorbs flavors the spices everything so you're entertaining especially when it cooks something really lean this has minimal fat in it it'll taste 10 times better than the turkey days so just for the second recipe I'll stick the ball to keep this time because this is harder to find although I'm really tempted