Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What's up, bodybuilding.com listeners. My name is Danielle Bitz and welcome back to the BB Com podcast. Today I'm joined by Jeffrey Medina. Jeff is a board certified acupunctureist. He obtained his education from the University of Washington and a Masters of Science and Acupuncture from Bestier University. He went on to study Naejing acupuncture with Edward Neil MD of the Schengling Institute. Naejing acupuncture is especially rare due to its difficulty in translating an application of the original text as it was the first book written on the practice of acupuncture. Jeff's 18 years of experience in ongoing studies of acupuncture had given him insight into treating difficult conditions that range from sleep disorders and fertility to even pre-cancer skin lesions that lead to proven improvements from treating physicians. In 2022, he began studying electro acupuncture medicine with Dr. Jeremy Steiner. Electroacupuncture medicine blends the classical channel theory of acupuncture with modern research to regulate the nervous and immune systems utilizing both treatment approaches have provided the best clinical outcomes for a wider variety of patients. Jeff believes that we often accept abnormalities as normalities. Western culture tells us that having a cold and winter time is quote unquote normal and that insomnia will not fun is also quote unquote normal through his practice is able to help heal these abnormalities to balance and restore the body. Jeff, welcome to the pod excited to jump in with you today. Thank you for having me and I am excited just to share acupuncture with all of our listeners. Absolutely. So that being said, let's jump into, you know, acupuncture at a high level. What is acupuncture? What is the practice of acupuncture? And let's break down the channel theory that I know you have a ton of info and insight on. Yeah. So acupuncture. I think a lot of people know what it is. You know, they know that there's some sort of needle involvement. They don't always understand why. And so when we think of acupuncture, the foundation is actually channel theory. So what are the channels? The channels are pathways of circulation that connect to an organ. And this is how these organ systems, they get their nourishment. And we're thinking about blood circulation. You know, there were specific pathways laid out in the ancient text. That they thought of it as blood. Some people would say, no, it's an energetic type of substance that you can't really see. But my training says, it's the blood. It's the circulation. And that's what heals the body. And when we think of channels, so, you know, in your practices, there's the gallbladder channel. There's the ovarian channel, right? All of the organ systems basically relate to these channels. What are some of those examples? What are the ones that you see treating the most often? And give us a couple examples of how channels relate to the actual body. So oftentimes, what I see a lot of is pain. So either it's a neck pain, low back pain. I would say those are the most common things that bring someone into the clinic. They say that actually 80% of the population at some point will experience some severe back pain where they actually need to see a medical doctor. So when we think about back pain, neck pain, that's the whole posterior chain. And so we're looking at this urinary bladder channel, which flows pretty much from the inner corner of the eyelids down up to the top of the head down the back of the neck through the low back hamstrings. And then it actually ends into the little toe. It's pretty phenomenal to think how long these channels are, right? This is a full systematic approach from top of the head to the bottom of the toe. I you've treated toes before for specific organs, right? Give us a couple other examples of, you know, pain, complaints or pain related symptoms in relation to channel. So back pain, we're looking at posterior chain. Maybe we're looking at the urinary tract. What are a couple of other examples that you see? And so like tennis elbow, you know, you're looking at the large intestine channel because of how that flow is. It flows pretty much into the lateral upper condile, you know, the side of the elbow where the tendons attach to care veins, which is what they call mother's thumb. You know, usually it's mothers holding their babies. They get this tendonitis pattern at the base of the thumb. You're looking at the large intestine channel, but also possibly the lung channel as well because the lung channel is going to end at the thumb. And that the large intestine is going to take off at the index finger and then flow into those tendons there. So you're kind of looking upstream and downstream and kind of seeing where the problems are. So let's call that step one in a way, right? You're listening to the feedback from the patient. Maybe it's a new patient that are coming in with a complaint, right? Maybe they've gone through so many other modalities and doctors, which is usually the case I feel right by the time they get to you. They tell you the signs, the symptoms, you kind of distinguish, okay, this is where I'm going to treat what's next. What is the actual act of putting that needle on the body? I think a lot of people shy away from even starting acupuncture because there are needles involved. But tell us about that step two when we're actually placing the needles, what happens? Yes, so they tell us what's going on. You know, we make a diagnosis. What channel is this problem reflecting? And then what you want to do is you want to explore that channel. You want to see where the healthy tissue ends and disease tissue begins. And then you want to treat right at that border of that healthy and disease tissue. Because that's showing that that area that's disease is not getting circulation. We would say micro circulation. So sometimes what people say, oh, if it's all about the blood, you know, if it's all about circulation, how come I can't just hop on like a bike for 30 minutes? And suddenly all my problems are cured, you know, because, you know, you're really affecting Venus and arterial circulation that way. But we're thinking about like capillary level circulation and what's happening at those structures and what's happening at those, but how are those areas being blocked? You know, so you look at the disease tissue and what does the disease tissue feel like? You know, so usually healthy tissue, it feels nice. It feels supple. You know, it's soft. It feels like there's flexibility. I say that disease, our healthy tissue in Chinese medicine is like bamboo. It's very, very strong, but it's also flexible. Disease tissue would be the opposite. Sometimes it's like dried withered looking. You know, sometimes there's a discoloration that's like darkened in the area. But then when you feel it, it's either very congested. It's very, very hard. You know, you think of like a muscle not, very, very hard. You know, so we know that blood circulation isn't getting in there. So you want to start opening the areas around the disease tissue to let that blood circulation flow in through that area, but then also affecting the whole course of the channel, then into the organ system. So you're essentially in a way palpating, right? You have somebody on the table, they have some lower back issues. You're palpating around the lower back. You're going around the glue to go in around somewhere where their major complaints are. And then you're kind of wide spreading that treatment. Okay, you're going to treat isolated, but then I'm also going to treat the channel below and above that area as well. Talk about you said blocked, right? And that's a big thing for you. You're looking for adhesions. And these are typically things that you can't really distinguish on the gym floor by yourself, right? You need somebody to help you distinguish where those adhesions are. But then we're going to intercept those adhesions with the needle. What happens there? What happens as you're placing that needle into these tissue structures? So you can feel the physical block. So one the needle that might be hard to actually get in there. And then as you're going into this tissue that hasn't had much circulation, it could feel kind of dry. But then as you go in, you're going to feel a block. And then it's almost like there's going to be some sort of tension around the needle. And then you feel this pop, you know, the tissue. It's almost gets like spring loaded. And then the instrument will pop through. And then that's how we know that we're getting the blood circulation starting to flow in the bad area. You're just kind of breaking up the hard areas that have kind of walled around the disease tissue. And this is what you're feeling on the other side of the needle, right? That pop, you're feeling that resistance of the needle. You can kind of put it in. I always like to say it's almost like when when we find a source bomb, my body, I'm like, oh, it feels like we're pushing it through play-doh. Like you can just feel the distinct difference of it beginning to stuck in that not-it tissue. What does that feel like for the patient, for the person you're treating? Sometimes we could feel like sensation, almost like a deep tissue massage. But oftentimes it feels like relieving to someone. They're like, oh, you know, they feel, sometimes it could actually feel like circulation starting to flow into that area. Sometimes the area can get warm and actually feel very pleasant because it's kind of in stark for so long. Right. And, you know, I think again, going back to my point, a lot of people needles just make them nervous, right? So when they hear needle, they're like, no, I'm out. Some people may be a bit more reserved and out for something like acupuncture where we can still hit a lot of these points and follow a lot of these practices under the Chinese literature that go into it. But maybe they say, hey, needles aren't for me, respectable. For somebody who is looking to explore, you know, talk about how far the needles going in because I think that's a big misconception of how far the needle is going into the body. Yes, and that's also dependent upon where you're actually treating, you know, once again, if we're doing something like tennis elbow is not going in very far. There's just not a lot of tissue there. Now, if someone's having an issue with their hip, you know, select the glute media, for example. Let's say that muscles turned off. You can be going up the read of five inches, kind of depending on how big this patient is. And so yeah, pretty much dependent, you know, once again thighs, you know, hamstrings, those will also be deeper as well. All right, so it depends really how much muscle we have in that area, and as opposed to bunting a structure areas. What is the immediate turnaround rate? Our people feeling relief right there. And continuously do some treatments depending on what it is, what element that you are treating, what injury that you are treating, maybe that's something that's going to take a couple of series, maybe it's something that'll feel later on home, if they get back, take a hot shower, kind of where does that range typically, you know, end up for some patients? So, say, usually for athletes, it's pretty immediate. You know, they're exercising a lot. They're working. Their muscles are pretty healthy. So, their channel systems are going to respond very, very fast. Someone with an autoimmune condition that could take some time for them to start feeling a pretty significant difference. You know, their bodies pretty much attacking itself. So, you got to start turning off those inflammatory cytokines. You got to start regulating that immune system for them to actually respond, you know, when actually feel better long-term. But for an athlete who's generally healthy, they don't have issues with sleep. Their digestion's pretty good. Their exercise, their diets are great. You know, they're going to respond really, really fast. I still learned to most things. Everybody's going to respond differently. Everybody's going to have different rates of, you know, kind of absorption for lack of a better term for the treatment, um, different experiences. And then also, you know, how often you need to go. I mean, consistency is always the name of the game. We always talk about that for training, for sleep habits, for eating habits as same goes for your treatment, right? So, if you get relief from a treatment, and you go to acupuncture one time, you're like, that's it. He fixed my strained hamstring. I never had to go back again. No, I mean, it's really something that you would be wise to work into your routine for a preventative measure as well. Which we're going to get into right now. We're going to talk about more of the athlete side of things. And we're going to talk about acupue for bone, tissue, um, and muscle health. So, this is a big one because, like I said, you know, not not many people correlate acupuncture with just part of their preventative medicine routine. It's it's usually someone who has exhausted a lot of other options. It's someone who maybe has some autoimmune disorders, who maybe has, you know, some maybe infertility issues going on. Something a bit more quote unquote dramatic, right? But we don't typically, but we're starting to see that shift now. We don't typically, um, you know, correlate acupuncture with something like we would with I go for my massage. I go for, um, you know, my PT appointment, things of that nature. Great. There we're starting to see that now. But let's talk about why you can benefit athletes. Let's talk about more about the, um, muscle, muscle tightness and not the physical act of dispersing those tighter areas with needles. So, for example, Jeff, if we have super tight traps, right? Doesn't pertain to only athletes though. Is a big one for athletes, but also is a big one for keyboard warriors. All of us who are sitting at desk all day long were shrugging up and on the video. I have my traps going up to my ear, hopes right now. Um, you know, let's talk about, um, some of the treatment types that we use just for those muscle tightness or those quote unquote knots that we usually have our partners for about a home for us. Yeah. So, there's a few ways you could approach this, right? You can go directly into the muscle knot itself. You could break it up and start dispersing the area and a lot of people maybe have heard of dry needleing, you know, when you're starting to go into the knots. As you do that, you might get a fisculation or like a little muscle twitch and what that is doing that's resetting the muscle fiber. So that's one way to go about treating these muscle knots. But then there's also another way where you actually want to treat the whole mechanism behind what's causing these muscle knots. And so if we're thinking about the upper trap, right? Usually the upper trap and the, um, excuse me, rhomboid, they, they work together, but then they're antagonistic to the serratus anterior. So the serratus anterior, if that's turned off, the upper trap is going to get muscle knots. The rhomboid's going to get a muscle knot. So first step would actually be turning on that serratus anterior, making sure that's opposing, you know, the upper trap and also the rhomboid functioning correctly so that those muscles are linking properly and they're not just contracting. So it's really a two step approach. We want to decrease the overactive muscle, you know, movement and get that to relax a little bit while also activating the surrounding muscle structures to give it the support because if I'm over, you know, I have my, my shoulder shrug 24-7, right? Well, that tells me that the rhomboid isn't really helping pull that trap back down and I'm doing these motions on video head to YouTube. Um, that rhomboid's helping detract, um, the motion of that track from my, from my earlobe. Um, so that's a great example. Let's talk about scar tissue. I think this is the big one too. Now when we say scar tissue, we can talk about actual scar tissue formed from a deep cut from a surgical wounder puncture or incision. We can also talk about internal scar tissue. So kind of differentiate the difference between those two, how the two of those can form and then how you treat scar tissue. So there's two types. There's external scar tissue, which is from a surgery or, you know, some sort of injury and then there is an internal type. But internal could also be from surgery too since you're already going, you know, pretty much the Oregon level depending on how deep they're going. Um, any type of autoimmune condition that actually affects the organs can create scar tissue in the organ systems. And so acupuncture is good for that, bringing circulation of the organ systems that we're talking, that we've been talking about, um, but really when you start getting into, uh, deeper scar tissue affecting the Oregon systems, you want to start doing something like a digestive enzyme just to start breaking a lot of the internal scar tissue down. So scar tissue, what it is, it's pretty much collagen that's being laid down by the body and irregular patterns. And, uh, this collagen, what it does is it creates blocks in their circulatory systems, you know, either in that Oregon or in the channel. And I find that if you don't treat the scar tissue, um, the problem that you have it keeps coming back until you resolve the scar tissue. So either through acupuncture, um, or the digestive enzymes. And again, is it the same sentiment of the physical act of that needle kind of breaking up the scar tissue for a lack of a better term? Is that what the needle is doing underneath the surface of the skin? Yeah, so once again, it's that same principle. You find the border of the healthy and the unhealthy. And then you want to start treating it right at the border. And you want to start bringing that blood circulation into the scar tissue to start for the body to start remodeling. Makes sense. So I mean, the scar tissue in a way, whether internal external is going to prevent that blood flow, preventing or lack of blood flow is then going to stop up these channels. That's when you're going to start getting signed as symptoms that usually bring you into the clinic. Let's talk about soft tissue injuries, strains, um, you know, other adhesions that are causing blockage from maybe overworked tissues, right? Just overtraining. Maybe you just have inflamed tissues. And now you've got, you got yourself a hamstring strain. You know, how do we approach something like that? So that's where we're going to start using what we call the motor points. So what the motor points are, those are the junctions of the nerves and the muscles. And so usually with an injury, what we're going to see is that the muscles they turn off. They stop contracting. They stop firing like they should. They become progressively weaker. And so with the motor point, what you can do, you'll you'll treat the area, the point, but then you can create, you can actually stem the area to get that muscle to contract. And then that'll bring it back online so that it functions properly. And then that's going to help heal the injury essentially. So stim in for those of you, um, remember electro acupuncture, we mentioned earlier in the discussion, talk about electro acupuncture. First of all, taking a step back, what do you actually do? And how are we placing that stem in correlation to the needles? And then what is actually happening under the surface? So electro acupuncture, we're delivering small currents through the needle into the tissue. And so at certain frequencies, we can have a very specific physiological response. So if we want to treat pain, we're going to treat at one to five hurts. So what that is, it's going to pulse between one time and five times a second. And that's going to cause your body to release massive amounts of bait and dolphins. And studies show that bait and dolphins are 18 to 30 times more powerful than morphine. And when we say stem, I mean, we're talking about 10 units here. I mean, that's really what we're talking about. We're clipping it on to the needle. There are even times, I mean, you know, how do you dictate what type of stem you're doing? There's been the kind where you kind of just kind of do one pulsing after the other just for a couple seconds on a muscle versus maybe you are leaving a patient on the table for 15, 20 minutes at a very light stem. How do you kind of dictate which type of electro stem you're going to put on the patient? So going back to the motor point, usually the motor points, you only need to treat them for 10 to 20 seconds to activate that muscle. It's very, very fast. There's an immediate effect. So usually when we test the muscle initially, it's going to test weak under pressure. You stim the muscle 10 to 15 seconds with a little bit of sock tissue work. And then that muscle comes right back online. And as you test it, you know, the strength is there. And do we only correlate electro acupuncture for injuries? Our ROE also applying it to things like we'll get into this later in that episode, but adrenal function, immune function, etc. Is there a time in a place for acupuncture for electro acupuncture for almost essentially every treatment? Yes, essentially. So very quickly, this is what I get excited about. One to five hurts, baton door fins, eight into 30 times more powerful than morphine. If we want to start with the morphine, you said. Then morphine. Yes. Now, if we want to start dealing with someone's stress response, they're anxious. We want to use 73 hurts. We call that the gap or frequency. So what that is, that's an inhibitory inhibitory neurotransmitter. And so someone's mind is always racing. You start increasing GABA. And then suddenly their mind stops racing. They're able to relax. Interesting. Well, we're going to get into that in a couple of topics from now, but just wrapping up our athlete portion. We also can't forget skin issues as well. And this isn't just for athletes. This is for Jen Pop as well. I have seen new tree and infected cut before and the swelling has gone the next day. We have this category under athlete just because they have a higher chance of getting impacted from a skin level, cut level, etc. Talk about that because that was pretty insane. This was a couple of years ago. I saw Jeff treat a patient. I forget how she obtained. It does not really relevant to the story, but was a pretty swollen angry looking infected cut. One day, treated around the area. And then I saw this same individual the next day. And it looked like a different angle. So talk about something like that. Yeah. So I think she cut it like putting her foot in her shoe and then it caught her Achilles tendon. And so once again, we're looking at that posterior chain. That's the back of the body. Yourinary bladder channel goes down to that area. What's interesting is that after that, she started getting yourinary bladder channel signs. She started getting back pain. She started getting pain up her calf. I think even she was even getting some neck tension after that. So among the whole course trajectory she was having these signs and symptoms. And so what we did was we did an acute technique for her and the treat just the pain and swelling right there. And then we inspected the channels. And we did that same principle. We looked for the areas of tightness and the border with the healthy tissue. Treated all into the areas that de-markation area of the healthy and disease tissue. So we do that just to get the blood circulating all the way down into the ankle. And now we're going to treat ones again. The healthy disease tissue around the ankle. So we're not treating directly into the infection, but it's the healthy tissue around the infection. You know about eight months ago, I broke my pinky finger. And you would think that would be such a small event. But I ended up having to get two pins into the finger for about six weeks they stayed in there. And that was disrupting blood flow. And you said to me, hey, we have to look at the gallbladder channel. We have to look at a couple of these other symptoms in the body that would be impacted just from disrupting that blood flow. And the pinky and sure enough we started treating those areas. And I started getting rid of the other symptoms that only happened after I broke that pinky finger. And only after they put those pins in through surgical intervention. So the channels they are real. This is real science back information that practitioners have been using for thousands of years to treat not only ailments, but also just keeping people living longer and healthier lies, whether that's promoting better digestion, better circulations, better all around blood flow. If you remember episode four with Andrew Donnell, most of that discussion was around blood flow. And you're hearing a lot of Western medicines approach blood flow at the forefront now. But this is really dated back to thousands of years through these Chinese interventions. So it's legit. This channel discussion, that's really what you need to look for when you are concerning working with an acupuncturist. And sure that that is their approach, their channel based approach. And I'm sure Jeff can put it in better verbiage for me. But essentially if they're approaching it from a channel perspective, you likely have somebody who knows what they're doing. I want to move into acupuncture for GI and digestion because the gut is home based. We talk about this all the time. It's not the first time you guys are hearing it. Now more than ever people are focusing on gut health and for good reason. The gut can be seen as the epicenter for a lot of good, a lot of bad has a huge, you know, we say the gut mine connection. I recently read a book. It's called gut, ironically, by Julia Enders, check it out. It was such a fascinating read to understand all the unspoken functions that the GI system plays into your well-being far, far exceeds your physical health. So let's break down acupuncture for GI disruption. Let's talk about the biggest complaints that you hear about people coming into the clinic as it relates to GI disruption. But then also what areas outside of the GI system that you're treating to calm down or essentially resolve those issues. Yes, so you said something very interesting. You said the gut is the center. And so the center, that's actually what they refer to as the digestive system in acupuncture in Chinese medicine. And so usually for digestion, we're looking at the spline slash pancreas and the stomach. Those are the main. That is what essentially controls all of the digestive processes. So whether that is acute issues or chronic issues, those are the main channels that we're looking at. So what are some of the complaints that you hear people come in? What are the, you know, I'm sure it's things like acid reflux. I'm sure it's things like irregular bowel movements, kind of list off what people at home can kind of understand what would warrant a GI disruption. So main ones are diarrhea constipation, acid reflux, bulloting, and then also gas. Those are probably the main ones that people experience. And then let's talk about more chronic conditions. We're talking about what all sort of colitis, what else are we looking at on the list for kind of the more aggressive, you know, ailments that we're treating. Crones, you know, diverticulitis. Once again, all those fall under, you know, stomach and spleen. I really like treating those because it's, you really get into fun treatments when you start turning off some of the inflammatory cytokines and you start regulating immune system. In addition to strengthening, you know, that stomach and spleen system. And I think we also, we need to view it as two tears. I think originally some of these complaints and symptoms start out as just kind of low level inflammatory responses that maybe they don't disturb your everyday life, but they're happening more frequently. You're getting into digestion more often. You find that your bowel wounds are becoming even more regular. Those have the chance to then turn into some of these chronic conditions that we then just listed. So that's why it is important if you're experiencing, you know, symptoms and you're experiencing them on a more consistent basis, get ahead of that inflammatory response. Long term inflammation will internally to, you know, we're seeing this rise in autoimmune right now. That's because we're seeing a rise in systemic inflammation throughout the body, whether that's because of the lifestyles we're living, the food that we're eating. It's happening a lot more here in the United States. Talk about physically treating some of these now. You said the spleen, the stomach, the pancreas. You have also adopted the ear treatments have been very recent for you. And I would say in the last couple of years you've really gone in on that. Talk about how the ear placements play role in treating some of these organ systems as well. Yeah. So we go back a little bit to the autoimmune. So I just want to talk a little bit about that. Yeah, please. Yeah. So with autoimmune diseases there is a strong likelihood that the digestion could be the center of everything. Usually anyone with an autoimmune condition usually has one of those three things that I talked about acid reflux constipation diarrhea, irregular digestion. So what actually happens when you start having that, you know, those symptoms is that you're not breaking your food down. And that's bad because it's not nourishing you. And when you're not breaking down food, but when we start getting into autoimmune specifically, we're actually looking at the proteins. You're not breaking it down because your digestive system is weak and your stomach acid is in breaking it down properly. So now you get all these proteins floating around in the blood. And these proteins either they mimic or they look like your natural healthy tissue or they start attaching themselves to your tissue. It looks foreign. Your body starts attacking it. And that's what we call autoimmune. And so once again, you know, we talked about digestive enzymes. If you have a weak digestion, doing high dose digestive enzymes can really really help some of that inflammation. And then how are we treating as a metclinic? In the clinic. So once again, it's at same principle. And spec the stomach channel and spec the swing channel, know where they're all flowing. And then treating that demarcation, you know, the healthy and disease tissue. But then we're also looking at the year that we talked about. So the year is actually what we call a micro system of the whole body. And so what that means is that you can image every single body part into the year. And so we can look at the directly at the spleen. We can look at the stomach. We can see objectively how it's functioning based on that number system with the tools that we use. And so we can if that if there is a high indication of that the area needs to be treated, the tool that is the our instruments will let us know. And we can treat that directly. Can you talk more about that tool? I want people to understand how you're getting those numbers to treat. Yes. So what it's doing is the machine is measuring electrical resistance. And it will grey on a scale of 0 to 16. So 16 is borderline. It means that oh, this might be a problem in the future. But you don't have to worry about it. Now if it's at a zero, it's almost like the body saying, please help me. You know, this is a high indicated. We're waving the white flag. Oh, yeah, yeah, waving the white flag. Yeah, it's waving the white flag. It's like given up essentially on that point. And so if it's a zero and you treat it, generally you're going to get a very, very good response. You know, they're going to feel better in their abdomen. And usually when we're treating a digestive issue, you'll actually start hearing the digestion going. You'll start hearing these digestive sounds. You know, and so you probably heard the term rest in digest. So that's exactly what's happening. They're starting to engage in the parasympathetic nervous system. And their body's actually starting to heal. I can attest to the rumbles that occur on the table many times. Pretty much 10 for 10. It's really cool. I mean, this process, you introduced it to me about three years ago now. It's a receptor tool. So essentially the patient is holding one piece of the tool in their hand, a metal piece. And then you have the end of it connected by a wire. And you're essentially probing the ear, depending on the points that we're looking for, liver, spleen, gallbladder, overies, whatever, you know, we're kind of going after that day. And as Jeff said, we're looking at the function. So if we see something, hey, this was a little walking couple weeks ago. Let's check in on it. Oh, wow. 12. Okay. We're going to leave it alone today. Let's go down here to the spleen. Ooh, too. That needs some love. And it's just a really great measurement tool to really make an informed choice of what you're going to go after for that session. And not only makes it a productive session, but the likelihood of seeing the results that you're hoping for are just increased by 10 volt. Yeah, and it's very interesting how they came up with ear acupuncture. Because what they did, there was a guy named Franklin Barr. He was a medical doctor in Germany. And what he did was he would stimulate a certain body point. And then he would look for the corresponding area in the ear and they would use functional MRI. And what they found was when they stimulate a certain body point, they would look at this image on the brain and what was being stimulated in the brain. Then when they found that exact same pattern on the ear, that's what they labeled as the body point. So if it was the elbow is the elbow on the ear, et cetera. And then they mapped out the whole organ systems and all the different structures of the body. Make sense. So we essentially have an ear point for every. Every body. Yeah. And I mean, what we say, you know, when we say something is low function. I mean, it essentially means it's not functioning properly. And it's not getting the adequate blood flow. Again, we're going back to that blood flow. So my gallbladder, my spleen, it's at a two, three. What is disrupting the blood flow? First of all, let's get blood flow to that area, a sap, which is what we're going to do in a complex in our session together. But then two, as you said earlier, what's the root cause? Why is this happening? Are there additions or other scar tissues? Is there a dysfunction in the immune system that's disrupting this process? So it's kind of a two-parter. One, we can address and figure out, hey, this is the area that's not getting adequate blood flow. But then two, we love our root cause medicine, right? We have to figure out why that is happening in order to get well long term. Great. Great discussion. I want to move on to ask you for women's health because I've seen it firsthand what you've done with patients over the years, Jeff. And it's just, you have some incredible testimonies. The practice that you've put in place for a lot of different women's health issues is pretty phenomenal. You have treated women for agonizing period pain andometriosis fertility issues and you've treated, you know, through pregnancy as well. Please consult with your doctor before you take on any new treatments. But please tell us a little bit about some of these conditions and some of the stories that you've had along the way for women's health. Probably one of the most exciting ones that I'm seeing currently is she's a 47 year old woman and she wants to have another baby. And when she came to see me, the AMH level, so with that indicates the ovarian reserve. So keep this in mind. At 40 years old, AMH level of 1.0 is very, very good. When she came to see me, it was 0.016. So the fertility clinic that had actually seen that they wrote her off. Is that no, can't do anything for you? And when I saw that myself, I was wondering, I was like, can I do anything for this? But she really wanted to try. So I said, okay, why don't we try? Long story short, her FSH levels were through the roof. After about a month of treatment, they're now in range and she's ovulating again. Incredible. And this is that 47. And what are you treating for a patient like this? So she actually had a C section. And so the left side is right over the left ovary. That's where all that disease tissue is. You're saying from a previous pregnancy? From a previous pregnancy. Yes, so she actually got pregnant and I think around 42. And then she's been trying since then. And it's not happening because of the scar tissue there affecting ovary and function. Right. Decreasing that blood flow or stopping all blood flow. Essentially, I don't agree level. Yeah. Exactly. You know. And so that told them, that's going to be a primary thing to treat. So we're treating the scar tissue. But then we're also stimulating the ovaries. There are certain points, ovary and points in acupuncture that we can use. And so we've seen a dramatic decrease in her FSH, the follicle stimulating hormone. And she's excited. I'm excited. And hopefully she's going to get pregnancy. That's incredible. Let's talk about an endometriosis patient. And to meet your is this impacts one in 10 women. So the likelihood of someone using it at home of knowing someone who has it, whether they know it or not is pretty high. And it does account for their now saying nearly 40% of infertility cases in women. Talk about endometriosis and for those who aren't familiar with the disease. It's typically, it is an autoimmune disease. They categorize it as they've also ranked it as one of the top most painful diseases, top 20. It's when tissue is growing outside. Basically, the uterine area, it can attach to neighboring organs. It can attack the appendix. It can attack areas of the pelvic wall, the rectum, the bladder. Gosh, it's been even in some of the more rare. But severe cases, it can climb its way all the way up into your diaphragm and even beyond. So talk about some cases of endometriosis and how you've treated them. Whether they were pursuing surgery or not, but maybe how you decrease some of the symptoms that come with that. Yeah. When we're looking at endometriosis, we're primarily looking at two different channels. One is a spleen channel because of its relationship with the blood. And the other one is the liver channel because it flows into the whole reproductive system. So once again, you're going to look through the channel and see what's blocked and then treat that. And then usually what we'll see is that we'll see decrease in period pain. We'll see of decrease in bleeding and people actually start to have regular cycles. I think it's so interesting that you say liver and spleen because typically endo or no endo. And let's just say somebody, well, I shouldn't actually say this because painful periods are normal. So if you're experiencing painful periods, please go work with a physician and understand why your periods are painful and very heavy. But if we are maybe just addressing that period pain, maybe we know we have endo, maybe we don't have endo, but we're addressing liver and spleen. That's so interesting to me because usually we think I need to do something for my overase. I need to do something for the uterus, right? I'm not thinking of organs outside of those female reproductive organs. Why liver and spleen? Why are these such big pin points? That don't really for endo, but for a lot of the treatments because you treat liver and spleen at a ton. So the liver channel is often involved in stress. And so whenever someone has high stress like a lot of New York people do, the liver channel most likely be affected. But then also because of the channel trajectory and how it flows into the ovaries and the uterus, same thing with the spleen flowing into those structures as well. Those are the two primary ones that we're going to look at and treat. But then there's also certain point functions as well with the spleen channel. There's one that actually is indicated strongly indicated for uterine pain and heavy uterine bleeding. You know, I think liver has become a much larger discussion. I would say in the last couple of years, you're seeing very young people out there get diagnosed with fatty liver. A lot of that is due to diet and a lot of the ultra-process foods that were consuming as a society. You know, what are some traditional herbs that we can inject into our routine for liver support? I mean, one of the primary ones, especially if they're undergoing stress would be what we call the liver moopers. So free and easy wanderer, a lot of acupuncturists will know that one. You know, that's generally safe for most people to take. There's also some other ones when people are experiencing higher stress. You know, they have some sort of heavy mineral content to kind of slow down the mind. It's almost like a tranquilizer effect. You know, someone's also having insomnia, dream, dream disturbed sleep and things like that. What about things that a little bit more heard of? Let's say milk and so on? It's a big one, right? What else do we have? The anti-line T is a big one that we hear about a lot. Do you? I know you love ginger. You put me on to ginger six years ago and now every single night before bed. I take my ginger route. I grind it up. I put some boiling water on that and I let it sit for about 20 minutes. And that's what I'm drinking a couple hours before bed. To not only warm the digestive tract, but to, you know, stay off information. I want to move into sleep. That's a good way to segue into sleep and system restoration, right? Everyone's chasing not only more sleep, but better sleep. Sometimes that's easier said than done. So let's move the conversation to sleep disorder, such as insomnia as you've just noted, restless sleep, night sweats, irregular temperature, you know, gauge on your body, right? You find that you crank the AC up, now you're freezing, you gotta crank it back down, right? You just can't find that happy medium. That's a big symptom that you talk about off-in-jep. I also after we touch on sleep, I then want to move into thyroid, adrenal glands and things of that nature. But let's let's tackle sleep disorders first. One of some of the things that you see in sleep disorders that can be directly tied to organ and system dysfunction. Within Somnia, usually we're looking at the heart system primarily. And if the heart system is at play leading to someone than Somnia, usually they'll have anxiety, but then they'll also have heart symptoms like palpitations. They may experience shortness of breath. They might have sweating as well. They say that sweat is actually the fluid of heart. If it's like a liver type of pattern, you know, leading to in Somnia, you know, usually someone the wake between one and three a.m. That's what we call the Chinese medical clock for the liver. That's it's time is one in three a.m. And they'll also have issues. Their stress will be like manifesting as anger and irritation. If it's a kidney type, you know, this person they could have severe panic disorder. It's not just anxiety. It's just like one step further. And they might also have some of the classical signs for kidney channel dysfunction. That would be low back pain. Weakness of knees. Usually women in the menopause age. They have usually a combination of heart and kidney type of in Somnia. And how are we are treated? Why are we treated some of these issues in the clinic? Yeah. So once again, you just look at the channel. You know, if it's a kidney, you know, there are certain points that actually clear heat out of the body. Once again, look at the heart. If that's indicated, you treat that as well. But usually with the heart system, you're either going to combine it, heart and kidney, or you may even treat heart and swing as well. What is usually at stake when Somnia's having a very hard time regulating their body temperature? So if it's regulating the body temperature, we're going to look at classically, we'll look at the stomach channel because they say that it was like the thermostat, you know. And so someone's having night sweats. You may look at the stomach, large intestine channel, because they say that it's the channel that has the most abundant amount of blood in it. And so if that gets blocked, that leads to heat. So that was classically, if it's, you know, we're working with the ear system, I'm going to look at the autonomic nervous system. You know, we're going to look at the point when we call high-butt the alimus, which pretty much controls every autonomic process in the body. And we'll see if that needs to be treated. Remember, somebody's chronically cold. We hear that a lot, right? I just, I can't more my body, or maybe even my hands and my feet are always cold. Are those two separate issues? Are those kind of combined in the same issue? What do you typically think when you hear that? It can be different, you know. And I think a cold hands and cold feet, I also think of like the extreme rain-node syndrome. You know, or the hands actually get purplish. That's like an auto-immune condition. But then when I think of, oh, I can't get warm, you know, you're also thinking of something like anemia or you're thinking of something like hypo thyroid. And that's a great segue into thyroid function, adrenal glands, cortisol, right? Those are kind of all go hand in hand. What are some signs and symptoms of disruptions within those areas of the body? Yeah. So if we're looking at the thyroid, you know, there's two major things. There's hypo thyroid, high-perth thyroid. Hypo thyroid usually people have weight gain. They have cold intolerance. There's issues of constipation. They might have some hair thinning as well. It gets dry and brittle, you know, and it's all breaking. Hyperthyroid is the opposite. It's heat intolerance. It's insomnia. It's anxiety. Usually there's rapid weight loss as opposed to hypo thyroid, which is weight gain. And then, you know, I've heard you say before, I want to reset the adrenal system. And that's done through electro-acupuncture, right? And why, first of all, what is adrenal overload? I want you to define that because I think a lot of people are experiencing that, but maybe not knowing the signs and symptoms of that. And then how do you attack that in a treatment? Yeah. So usually if we're looking at something where the adrenals aren't functioning properly, usually these people are under stress for a long period of time. And this is where we say not to interrupt, but adrenal fatigue might be of a most common term that people hear out there. Yeah. Yeah. And so they actually feel very, very tired. It's hard to get on bed. It's almost, it can be confused with depression. You know, so you think your body, you think of your body. It's not secreting the fighter flight hormones, particularly the adrenal glands. They're not secreting those fighter flight hormones that enable someone to deal stress. And so it's almost like their body just crashes. So there's one treatment that I love doing. We call it the beach adrenal treatment. And what that is is you treat T12 and L1. You hook it up to 80 Hertz, 73 to 80 Hertz stimulation. 20 minutes that actually prevents the body from actually secreting any of these fighter flight hormones and gives them a chance to rest. And usually they feel like they're very relaxed like they're on the beach after the treatment. Yeah. Like you just gave them a cocktail on the beach. In our case, I'm Octale. But yeah. And then lastly within this within this topic, I kind of ties in a little bit to the women's health as well. But I want to don't want to leave out the fellows to hormonal health. Let's talk about two different situations. Let's talk about maybe somebody coming in, a male coming in. I have really low testosterone. What is the first step there for that treatment? Yeah. Usually we're looking at either the kidney or stomach and spine channel. So if they have something like weak digestion, it's possible that they're not breaking down their fats properly. We know fats are the building blocks of hormones. And so that's where you want to look either stomachspleen, weak digestion, or you want to look at the kidney system and see how that's functioning and how the channel's swelling. Are we looking at cortisol as well? In an individual who may be experiencing, I mean, cortisol is a hormone. It's within the same panel for measuring things like testosterone, progesterone, estrogen, things of that nature will actually sit within that same panel if you're looking at your blood work and you're getting that detail of panels done. How does cortisol play a role on some of these hormonal fluctuations as well, including low testosterone? Yeah. So cortisol is very interesting because it's pretty much involved in every metabolic process of the body. It helps with their fight or flight. You know, so it is actually a stress hormone. But cortisol also has a strong anti-inflammatory effect as well. And so, you know, if we're having excess cortisol, you know, the, like the Western medical route, they say, co-cushing syndrome. So usually these types of people, they have like weight gain, the face, abdomen. If you look at their abdomen, they actually have purple stretch marks, you know, and then one of the key distinguishing features of this excess cortisol is actually, um, kind of the hump around C71. You probably, it's like a fat deposit right there. Interesting. And let's flip the scenario over to a female patient coming in. Maybe her hormones. I mean, this can vary. We can think of 20 different situations here. Maybe she's low on estrogen. Let's use that example as well. How are we treating that? What's areas? Are we looking at? And then again, where does cortisol play a role in that function? Yeah. So once again, some explain, you know, um, if they're not breaking down fats properly to, um, to make estrogen. And then we're going to go to the year as well. We look at the overrepoint. We see how that's functioning. If it's anywhere below eight, you know, on the tool reading, we're going to treat it. What are we doing for low? This is now this is when we don't hear as as often, but we're starting to low testosterone and women. What are we looking at there for dysfunction? I would think it's, I haven't treated a lot of that, you know, I haven't even really heard of it too much, but I know it's becoming more and more prevalent. But once again, you know, you're looking at the kidney system stomach and spleen system. Interesting. So all in all, you know, let's give some advice for somebody who may have been hesitant the past to try to acupuncture. Maybe this is their first time. I'm sure this is the first time somebody's hearing a full d-load of all the different systems that we can treat in acupuncture, especially here for our audience. You know, what's your, what's your point of advice for somebody who's kind of on that teetering edge of giving acupuncture a try? I would say look for someone who's actually born certified by the NCCAOM, you know, they've had proper training, needleing, clean needle technique, diagnosis, and treatment. So that's one thing. Make sure that they're actually certified there. I mean, there are some people, you know, they come from China, and then they're doing it legally. I would say no, don't go there. Look for the credentials, yeah. And, you know, maybe somebody has an appointment on the books. Hopefully we've influenced you for a lot of a bit of a term to book your first appointment and find that accredited individual to work with wherever you're located. How does somebody prep for an appointment? And what are some best practices the follow after they appointment? Because I think a lot of people miss this. How do I go into an acupuncture appointment? Or really any medical appointment? Because I think we don't, I don't think we discussed that enough. How do we, what, what do we want our data look like leading up to an appointment? And then more importantly, in my opinion, what should that day look like after your acupuncture appointment? Yeah, I would say so generally, we don't know how people are going to respond to acupuncture. So you want to make sure that you've eaten at least, you know, one to two hours before. Some people, acupuncture actually does drop the blood sugar significantly and they could feel weak or dizzy. I'd say it's a rare, but still have something to eat. Make sure you're not thirsty. Afterwards, it kind of depending on what we're working with. If we're working with an athlete, I would say go ahead and work those muscles. We just stimulated, you know, they're firing. Now, you're going to perform better. Now, if it's someone who is who's nervous system is up trained and they're anxious, I would say don't do anything that's going to cause you stress or more anxiety, just relax. Go home, draw an absence of bath with some bubbles, drink lots of water. That's a big thing to hydrate hydrate. So the day and flush those, you know, I mean, what we're doing, I mean, we are releasing some toxins into the bloodstream by, by unblocking a lot of these areas. So flush those toxins out, get it out of your bloodstream. You'll pee it out in a couple hours and really feel much better as opposed to not going home and hydrating. You might feel a little rough the next day. I would say hydration is always good. Jeff, thanks so much for stopping by today and educating us on the benefits that Acute Hunter can bring to really all systems of the body. Really informative conversation. I'm excited to have you back to chat more. Hi. Thank you. It was a lot of fun. I appreciate it. Thanks for tuning in to another episode here at Bodybuilding.com. Stay tuned for more stories along the way.