Music It meets... We have salad stuff right? Okay. I'm gonna have salad with my next meal, I think. The hardest part about me training for competition and trying to be like the J-Cutler people know is a bodybuilder. Not as like just a fitness guy as a competitive bodybuilder is that my calories I need to eat. The consumption of food is consistent. And I still can't get enough like I'm in a deficit now. I'm daily basis trying to eat enough food. I went to bed at 280 last night and I woke up at 271. But that's how much I lose. I mean, on its stairs, I'll lose 7 pounds, 7 pounds every morning on the stairs, 7 pounds of water. The way I balance everything is what I wake up to and what I go to bed at a lot. When I get to a point where I wake up at the same weight I go to bed at, that's when I know my body is in a good holding pattern. Right now it's out of control. He has a pretty, very breakfast actually. But today and for the last few weeks he's been drinking his egg whites. So two cups of egg whites with the one scoop of protein. Then he has three whole eggs, three packets of scripts, two pieces of azigotost and coffee. That will probably end soon though. No one understands how strict it is. Being on a meal time schedule where you can only eat two and a half three hours. At the average person should eat at least five meals. I think if you're eating every three hours you have to be able to eat consistently. I can't fall asleep until he eats his meal because then he'll forget about it. He'll wake up like four or five o'clock in the morning and then eat it but that's too late. So I got to stay up and make sure he eats it. And it's not easy waking him up if he falls asleep. You are one off what six, seven times before I get up to eat it. I've got up and ate about three. I'm scared to break the world. I think I ate 12 of her eggs for three hours. He wants a two-top of two-top of two-top of two-top of two. I got that. I want the cottage cheese. Yeah, I do. I'm feeling back. You don't even get in the couple months to get in shape. Get in with your dog. I don't know what to eat with. When I worked construction in my family business I was forced to eat very quickly. So now I actually take my time and enjoy my food a lot more because I'm not rushed. But I would only eat like three major meals a day. I would now was in the pitfalls of what everyone else did. But Dice, you know, and Dani did enough sufficient amount of calories on a continuous basis. So for me, the amount of calories I can eat is just... It's off the textbook. It's hard because you fall like, okay, I've to eat on a diet and you can't eat, you know, everyone cuts processed foods and you know, no food and they can't eat certain things. But with me, if I cut that stuff, I shrink. I can't eat oatmeal and egg whites and fish and you know, plain potatoes and that kind of stuff. I can't do it. I need to have like simple, a lot of simple stuff in there. Like the grits and like sugars, after I train and some fruits in there and something fast. If I eat high carbohydrates that are fiber, it's like high fiber. It burns. It doesn't do anything for me. It doesn't hit my body hard enough. Blime what's up. Yep. And then on both the eastern west side, you have, you know, obviously teriyaki boy, which has the Jay-Color Ball, it's famous for that. I'm always a big fan of nine steak host at the Poms. STK is also great at the cause of our politics and I go there and put on. What's the name of that pizza place next to Kaizen? Joe's pizza? Joe's pizza. Of course, yes, it's the best in the Northlander. It just came off the end and I'll burglars last week, no more in and out for 12 weeks. Well, most bodyboys love to eat. They crave all I got to eat this. Good to eat that. I have zero cravings. I have zero anticipation for any meal that I eat. I don't look forward to you to anything. If you ask me what my favorite food is, I don't have a favorite food. I don't like to eat anything. There's nothing specific that I like. I don't like to eat anything. I don't look forward to any meal at all. I'm an eating today, I eat heavy. We did it to go. Well, I've eaten it. Well, I've eaten it. It's hard getting back to eating anyway, you know? Right. I mean, I didn't want to come back to this show. That was the worst part of my job, dude. He was eating, you know? Are you trying to run? I know gasoline when you don't eat. You know how you're going to have productive workouts. I try to tell people like you could have put as much effort in it as a diet as he do into your way training. Everyone goes to gym. You know, four or five days a week, that's into it. But they don't eat sufficiently enough to fuel that. I wish you could take a pill and be able to just avoid cooking or anything like that. Cooking and eating is five or six hours of my day for no question. You know, and you see that live in my life if you follow me for a day or two or three, you'll see that a lot of my day is the meals. Are you on your 16-time a day meal plan? I'm 37. I'm 18 and a quarter. I can say 54. We work harder to make his clothes. I got to charge him all extra. Number one, you're going to focus on your food. That's no question. So, you know, you have to make sure you get, you know, you're protein. You know, you call a hydra as you fats. You know, you look fat, whatever. I mean, for products alone, I mean, most people going to buy a protein powder, you know, multi-vitamin. They might, you know, then they might launch into pre-workouts and, you know, branch chain of, you know, and then, of course, number one fat burn, or if you try to lean out. But, you know, I don't suggest using a fat burn a year round pre-workouts and protein, you have course. You know, you can use those year, you know, you're talking three or four products. I mean, the necessity is something that, you know, I think it's an advantage. You know, if you want to do things right, you have to eat the advantage right. So, you have to try to find a ways to budget and be able to, you know, fit that extra stuff in there. There's nothing better than chicken on the grill. Ten hours of chicken. Now, I grew up on a farm, so I mean, I, I knew food values kind of early. We were never allowed to eat very poorly, and I was in Massachusetts. So, the meat was, that I was getting was very good quality. I mean, I attribute a lot of that to what my success was because I was buying, like, you know, cows and, like, chicken breasts from like a, like a real farm. I eat, you know, 100 grand worth of food probably between eating out and eating on a diet. I mean, I'm in Vegas, I go out, I eat out a lot too, you know, when I'm not training. So, I mean, that might not just be for myself, but just saying in general on food, it's my biggest expense, probably. You know, I kind of do my thing. I like to stay at home and prep my food. I like to weigh everything. Like, I weigh everything. This is 10 ounces of meat, 12 ounce of potato. I mean, obviously now is a crucial time, some in training. So, I, I take it much more serious when I train. I don't like to eat out that much unless it's catered to what I, what I, my diet is. This place, they, right? I can tell the difference. Oh, it cooks. One of that other stuff is filet or not. It looks more like flank steak, huh? Diswaters, good idea. Thanks. I think I try to tell for you. I can get a fusion. How bad is it, girl? No, no. There you go. Dad? You know, I never had hair on my back until I started shaving, you know, that. That was a zip. Oh, I went over the zip. Yes, that's not there. Yeah, huge. Everyone makes it. How does it do you? I mean, he's talking to me. I used to have bad secrets to you know, when I, when I, you've been taking chips, I got sips, you know, that. Did you try something? Did you tell them? Try something potato chips because they were local where I lived. Did you tell them about what you used to eat at your mom's house when you would go visit? Yeah, he used to get sips to you when I was like 12. Who's he? Try somebody that chips with very pretty. How old are you? Tell me what you asked her mom to make you every time you went to her house. Tips and debt. Tips and debt. But it'll hold a whole family. Sour treatment on you. I used to eat them for breakfast. Sour crepe. Sour crepe. Yeah, there you go. Yeah. Ask mom about the pizza she ate to the lunch. Yeah. Good for you. See. Someone has this. Listen, it's tough man because you, it's like, Ed. At some point, you want to go eat junk food when you think to yourself, like, what would you say? Kind of old. What would you be like? He would say, I would eat that. You really need to eat that? If I'm on a diet. If I'm on a diet, I'm like, they're important. No, of course. I'm not a man. I'm not a saint. I've eaten a lot of plenty of junk food. I mean, there's no question. You know what I mean? Cheesecake and desserts and all that stuff. I like burgers. You know, that's something I you do eat. But like having a turkey sandwich and some potato chips is great for me. That's this like a turkey sandwich with some cheese on there. You know, I like cheese. So, I mean, for me, it's like, I don't, I don't really sit there and crave. Okay, why the leg does. Sugar this and sugar that. I mean, I don't, I don't get a craving for any of these Snickers bars once a while. You know, there was a time when my mac grows in my nutrition with normal where I ate on a specific diet. They end down. And now, you know, I'm just a not a control leader where I just eat everything different on a daily basis. So, the consistency has to be important as a training. I think I had the best advisors from the day I started pretty much from you know, six months in. I started working with Chris Hasido. It was a major player in fitness. Trains a lot of top top guys, but made a lot of guys professionals in a broad media, Olympia, one my first to let me with him. So, I think it's good to hire someone that has some knowledge of nutrition. I'm also doing right because of the nutrition is almost more important than the weight training is. I'm going to take a look. Talk it out, suck it out, suck it out, suck it out. Mentally, you have to be in a little crazy. People approach me and they say, what's the secret? What's the secret? I don't like eating anything. If you ask me what my favorite food is, I don't have a favorite food. I'm just forward dating you know it all. You're a living legend that's what's amazing about what I do. I'm not telling you, Jay Colis, great to all time.