Music It takes more than time in the gym to become a four-time Mr. Lemmy. I've dedicated my life to building a legacy that reaches beyond the competition stage. I want the next generation to be better than me. I'm four-time Mr. Lemmy. J.Coffer. This is how you train. So I'm here at BodyWind.com headquarters. Ready to shoot day one of the Living Large Mass Trainer. Today we're going to do chess, but the difference is I'm not going to be doing that training. I'm actually going to take one of BodyWind.com's athletes. I'm going to take them through how to build a champion chess. Okay, so our first exercise is going to be the incline barbell bench press. In this exercise we're going to do a couple of warm upsets and then we're going to work into building some mass in the chest and getting those reps out there with some heavier weights. Ready to go? Oh yeah. The lighter sets I usually try to do around 12 to 15. Just to get a little blood going in there. And then the whole work into the heavier sets. We're going to shoot for about 10 reps. Okay, that sounds good. What's important with chess, obviously people focus on weights and repetitions. Your elbow positioning is really important because you really want to push not with the tri-sips in the shoulders. You really want to push with the chest. Sometimes the elbows have to be a little inward. They can't really be out because if they're out or you're going to put the crescent over the shoulders. Try to do that a lot. So you're better off, you have to create that arch which your chest should be the highest point of your body. And then you press upwards so you really can actually feel the chest contracting. You're not just pressing the weight just to press it. And I see so many people going to gym and they press over and over it with you can see that the shoulders are doing the work to try to set up. And that's why the chest ends up under the balance most of the time. So I'm going to warm up set. Let's see where I'm going. Gotta be safe and make any mistakes thinking you're ready to go over full-bore into the heavy weights. Dude, my name is Sherter Ready. People's misconception is that, you know, I'm going to do incline just only going to hit my upper chest or I'm going to decline just going to hit the lower. It's really just, I mean, overall chest development is from basic pressing movement. That's where you're going to develop the best chest. You feel that barbell is usually better for your chest than dumbbells. I'll switch, I go alternate. So if you barbell one week and then do dumbbells the fall and week. This is our first working set here, okay. Three sets of 10 repetitions is what we're going to do. 45 seconds still. And this is what I'm just left for. You feel see how you fit the peak and you're going to try to roll you through this thing, man. If you roll it. Good. You ready? Okay. Remember that the key is, is not a weight competition. Good, it's my up, up, good. You know, just the hands are there. I'm not doing anything really, just keeping his mind that I'm there, if he needs me. Pick my one more, one more. Up, good. Perfect. You know, it's always good to have, you know, a partner when you're bench pressing depending on how heavy you go. All right. Come on. Come on. Up, good. Yeah. Up. Watch. Good. Okay. Lock it up. Yeah. As we'll brush up in after this. Yeah. Sometimes I just suppose a lot between sets or whatever. It's good to stare at yourself and flex a little bit. Yeah. Even the smallest guys do it. I see the guys and then jamming out, flexing themselves. You catch you, admire and you a lot, huh? I don't know if they're mire and me or you. Okay. This is the last one. Yeah, that's okay. Okay. When we're done, this is the last workout for the day, right? Up. Good. Good. One more, one more. Up. Good. Good. Good. Perfect. I mean, this is like the meat and potatoes exercise for chest. This is what you see on Mondays. Every gym is loaded with everyone. They call it chest day on Mondays. Yeah. Intense of chest day. So do you know better than me? I usually don't have it on a Monday, by the way. We're going to shoot for 10 repetitions. It's going to be the goal. We can go right into the weights since we're already warmed up from the inclines and it's knock it out. Now, remember, you know, no bouncing off the chest. No cheat reps. We're going to work on contractions as well a focused on. You tell me when, let's go. Okay, come on now. Good. That's it. Good. So as you can see, the bar is not coming down. It's keeping the contraction on the chest, which is very, very important. Up. Good. Perfect. You see so many people in the gym. Most of the time, it's people that can't handle the weights that they press. Right? I mean, they get on a bench and what they do is they come down with the bar and they bounce or whatever or they round the chest. Yeah. You tend to round over the shoulders and they press, you know, especially you get those last reps. You don't want to be able to keep the chest up. So you can feel it really in contract. You can see. If you want to stay there and let me spot you. Yeah. You sure. I want you to get your set because we're your 60 seconds. 60 seconds. Got it. I'm not going to let you cheat, man. I came all the way up here to give you a little ass blip. So, okay. Ready? All right. I'm standing back letting you rep it out. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. One more. One more. One more. Oh. Good. I like when you struggle over. You know, ideally, I mean, for chest, you just want that burn. Right? How about for certain people have problems breaking through like weight plateau. It's kind of a monod question because, you know, as a bodybuilder, we're not really focused on my weight. Okay. But ideally, if you train lighter for a couple weeks, then normal. And then you go to max out again. You will be able to move more weight. Okay. You've got to lighten up the load because what's happening is a lot of times, you're just doing too much and it's just exhausting. You've lost your weight. Okay. All right. Big lift. Ready? Yeah. Okay. Ready? Come on. Okay. Come on. Good. Good. Come on. That's it. Powerful. Powerful. Good. Oh, come on. One more. One more. Go ahead. Good. Good. Good. Good. Got it. Perfect. Perfect. Good. Yeah. It's burning. It's a good burn. Not those bad burns. Yeah. All right. So third exercise in the chest mass program is going to be flat dumbbell fly. Okay. This is one of my favorites actually because I can put a little more resistance on this. Okay. So as you know, the chest gets in-gorge with muscle from the pressing movements. Now we're going to stretch it out. Allow the fibers to open up and allow more blood flow to the tissue and of course nutrients and everything else that's going to help you build and Olympia chest. Okay. Okay. Ready? One. Two. Okay. As you see, I'm giving them a little resistance on the way down. I'm trying to pull them apart a little bit. That's going to help tear those inner chest fibers. You guys looking to build that inner chest. This is a great partner movement. So what the resistance allows everyone seems to ask. They want that line in their chest. Obviously that comes with the mass on the chest, but it's also going to help hold those fibers out. Okay. And a lot of the chest to get more blood. Okay. So ideally with this exercise is everyone's minds always stuck on how much weight they pull up. Okay. Remember it's all about the workout and really getting blood into the muscle. It's really just getting that full contraction. You can't do that when you have too much weight. It too focused on holding the weight. The elbows can't be too far. They got to be back and just really allow contraction on the chest. A little secret of 20 years of training. This is enough to really get the job done. So just trying to keep all of your workout exercise is simple. It's very capable of getting people to communicate training much, much more than they need to. All right. Ten more reps. Last set. Okay. Good. Good. Good. Can really feel that contraction when you come up there. So chest is working. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Starting to burn isn't it? Oh yeah. Okay. Good. I guess a key. I mean once you start feeling that burn, you can only push so far. Don't matter if you're part in as young, you do floor more. Yeah. I never believed in that. You don't want to get to the point where you're just dying and he's doing the weight or whatever. She's doing the weight. It really doesn't matter. So it's pretty much, and I leave that ego at the door. I see a lot. Yes. They get the superhero complex where they're watching some guy with heavy weight. They immediately want to go through and that's it. I'm sure these guys are over here saying, Oh, I can do more weight than you guys guy and whatever else. But you hear for yourself, you know, let them go over there and do what they're doing. Yeah. Now over to the fourth exercise. We're going to do some dips. Okay. This is kind of unique exercise. I mean, this was kind of the staple of the J-Color training program for a lot of the Olympias. With this exercise, really, the key is keeping the legs back. Okay. If you're going to do a dips for the triceps, usually the legs stay underneath the body. But with this, the legs are going to be back. So you actually get a lean kind of going into the movement. And you get that nice stretch on the chest. And this is really going to help on the outside of the chest development. Okay. Everyone wants to get that nice rounded look when they stand on stage or just, you know, looking good and, you know, and tank top or whatever else. You want to get that nice round look to the chest. Okay. This is a great exercise for that. Okay. So, so legs back. Legs back. Okay. Little lean into it. And, you know, you're going to go down as deep as you feel it comfortable. Okay. You know, I usually only did body weight because I weighed 300 pounds. Okay. You see these guys in the gym. They might strap on weights. It's okay to do that. I mean, obviously for me, my legs weight, you know, a lot more than half my body weight. Most of my, my biggest. So for me, I was able to just use my body weight. I'm going to focus on 10 repetitions. That's really what we're going to focus on. Yeah. And, uh, and really just try to get that contraction. This chest is really contracting at the top of the moment right there. Okay. You want to see it? Next time. I mean, you really think of dip and you think of the guys like that work on the Olympic rings. They try so it's really developed right because they're locking it continually. Let's do this. Knock this thing out. Now, with this exercise, you're not really locking the triceps. You're actually trying to lock the chest. And not to try steps. Okay. And that's why the lean in is very, very important. Because if you're a more upright, you're going to end up locking the triceps more than you would. And in this position, it's really hard to lock your triceps because the chest actually locks first. Okay. So that's the idea with this movement. It's really getting that chest locked out and not the triceps. All right. Last set of 10 reps here we go, man. His body is forward. The legs are back. So it's really, you see his triceps aren't locking out. They're not getting to that point because we're lean in. That's very, very important. Good. So it's nice to actually turn in with someone and actually see, okay, how the techniques I used or use in my training is very, very important. And I can see how they actually work. You know, it's kind of like an athlete watching training footage, our game footage of like how they played or what other teams did. Yeah. Now, how do you feel about people who, first time came to the gym and they're waiting for all the information to start. What do you think about that? Well, I mean, it's much easier when I started, what you didn't have internet. I learned to train from watching people in the gym. So I've been sitting here watching these guys work out and saying, oh, that's like a cool movement. Yeah, that's a cool movement of this machine here that. And that's how I learned. And I knew that guy. Well, now it's like, now you can go on the internet and see, okay, do watch the day cover. Yeah. You know, watching train someone else or having structural pieces. I mean, body would not come. They have so much info out there that's live. Yeah. And I mean, I put out content consistently and I'm always, you know, socially acting with the fans out there all over the place. And it's just, it's a new, it's a new technology. I mean, everyone today is very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very fortunate to have that. No, no, cool. Okay, we've already completed four exercises. It's not fifth one. The only thing really left to do is not necessarily pump it up anymore, but stretch it out. So it allows possibly more blood to get in there. We're going to hold the dumbbell. Okay. Like a triangle. Okay. So really, you know, you're really getting that stretch all the way through here. So it's stretch, contract, stretch, contract. I mean, it's pretty much kind of like the fly movement. And this will really, and it'll also help open up the rib cage, which is really important on those side chest shots. Good. It's good. Okay. So I don't really see as many people in the gyms nowadays doing it. I mean, I train in Vegas. You know, I see a lot of the young kids, and it seems like an exercise that they don't display as much online or in the magazines. But it's something that I try to promote because it's really good, especially as you younger. It's really good to really help build up open up that rib cage and really build as much width as you possibly can. Okay. Come on. That's a good. Keep the butt down. Good. Good. You're looking at the Living Large Trainer being an eight week program. Okay. I know it seems like a lot of workouts, but when you really break it down, you really only have eight quality chest workout. So you can actually say, okay, everyone has to be productive. Yeah. But down when you come back good. There you go. Good. Yeah. Good. I was leaving the gym the day before after finishing my trainer. I'd already be thinking about the next day's workout. I already knew walking in the gym the next day. I could basically walk to each station and say, okay, this was already done in my head. Yeah. That makes it easy for you to test when you're towards your job. So you can mentally prepare yourself. And that's the thing is you get progressively better and more active in what you're trying to do. I mean, I could pick up a weight and say, okay, I'm going to do this eight times. And I always did it eight times. It's like Michael Jordan. It's like Michael Jordan when he used to shoot his, his free throws and he closes eyes. You know, just he knows the memory takes over. It's just my exact connection. You have with your mind. Yeah. But I come with consistent training over all. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So this is the end of the chest training for the mass living large trainer. But now we're going to go over and do the next movements, which is going to be standing Catholic as an exercise. Let's go check it out. Like a lot of the gyms out there, there's not a standing calf machine available in this gym. So we're going to kind of make our own. So let's let's, uh, we're going to put these these quarters down. Okay. This is going to create up our platform where all right. This would normally be like a calf machine, okay. And I put these so your heels can kind of drop off because remember the contracts and very, very important. Okay. The most common question that people ask me is how do I get my calves big? And I try to tell everyone, you've got to train them like every other body part. So I really, when I was having my biggest calves in my career, I trained them once a week without every other body part. Okay. So I would pick a day, you know, usually it was on chest day that I would do the calves. And I would do a couple different movements maybe three sometimes. But mainly I would stick to you know, standing calf, raise and the CD calf, raise most of the times. I try to stay with heavy weights on this. I know people say I'll hire reps low reps. My common theory is you walk around in your calves all day. If I'm doing higher repetitions when I walk, why would I do that in a stretch? Yeah. So I try to do heavier weights and just focus on the action. Okay. So you're going to see nice stretch up contract, okay. Okay. Okay. I don't train my calves as much anymore. I do very little, but you don't need to. I don't want them to get too big, that's how it'll be. So you post twice one, two. I do it that way, that's just my, I mean, you do it the way that you, I'm going to do your way. Okay, try my way. I'm not going to fight you. Get that nice stretch good. Yeah, I really get that contraction as you can see. Through his, a de-to-sauce. So sometimes you've got to, you've got to just make shift your own machines. Yeah. This is just as good as doing a regular calf raise. So same thing. That out actually felt kind of good. But as you see in my momentum, you know, I don't really take too much, too much pause. You know, little slight bend to the knees is important with this exercise. Okay. Get this. Uh-oh. We got to stiff it up. It's like a wind ball ball, it turns this hat around. It turns this hat around. It's about to go down. Now the socks come down. It's about to come down. Every guy, no one's to walk around with big calves. And in the beginning, I didn't have the best calf. So I usually wore more long pants than I did shorts. Then in Vegas, you don't have much choice to wear anything but shorts nowadays. So I get tired of hearing about people with genetic excuses. I just don't have this at that. And yes, it's true. I mean, to get to a certain level. Listen, I'd like the guy to me. I don't have any abs. Everyone has abs. I mean, it's one of those things where you should still train. It's still in. Just keep the routine. Just keep. Because he doesn't grow like the other body parts. Don't just skip it. You know, we have to do different movements. Some people are going to respond to different movements. It's very simple. Like I said, it's, you know, people try to complicate it too much. We like to guy say, and all, there's no standing calf machine. Some of us can't do it. Yeah. Okay. So what watch fellas, we will show you how you can do your calves over here. Work those toothpicks. Yeah. Good. Very soft. Caves are here. We're going to knock out some seeding calf raises, which is a seven exercise. And of course, the final exercise of our routine. So sometimes just good to hold it at the top a little bit. Really get that squeeze. I mean, count a one. I don't really like holding it much longer than that. Okay. Good. And what's nice about this, okay, is it good? Okay. Good. And what's nice about this, okay, is that you can give a little resistance here to unaway down, okay? Kind of like I did with the fly movement, which allows it to feel a little heavier than it actually is. I used to have my partner's do that. I mean, I used to load this thing up with three plates or four plates sometimes. And I'd have a, even a resistant hand in there. That's good. Okay. Lock that. My stretch that I like to do the most was this stretch. Okay. Okay. So keep the heels flat in the floor. Really just try to get this stretch from the balls of your feet and back, okay, on your calves. You can feel it pulling it. Yeah. You can feel it pull mainly on the outside. It's the same thing in rest times. It's the same 45 seconds. I'm not letting you get away with that. Oh. Oh. Disk it. And it's on work to use on the last set. So couldn't pull this guy. Yeah. You actually get some pretty decent calves under those socks, man. I appreciate it. I've been walking my whole life. Yeah. That's it. Month. Some people like the train in the gym and a little more covered up. I used to wear tights on leg there. I'm kind of embarrassed to say that sometimes I used to wear the tights. But try to make them pop out of it. Yeah. Well, I can see I see that I was popping it on the stuff. It actually made me train harder. Yeah. I think a lot of people have that. I just say that that superstitious thing. That superstitious ways where it's like, okay, I had a great work out. And that sure last week I'm going to train it again. I mean, it sounds kind of odd. But I know a lot of people probably are sitting back watching this. And I think the same thing. All right. Last set now. Month. Another 10 reps, ready? Got it. One. Two. One. One. One. One. Let's say, come on. One more. One more. One more. Good. So how do you feel? I'm going to get a second. All right. I'm good. So sometimes what I would like to do too, I'm just to give a little mix in there. I'm going to put a little bit better. So you've got to kind of go through the reps, okay? So if I'm going to do. Yeah. Okay. So what I might do is I might do a rest pause. So I stop. Maybe five or ten seconds. And then jump right back into the right back and do another six reps. And listen, you know, you're going to push to a certain rep range. And then it's going to get to a point where it's like, okay, I'm only going backwards here. Let your mind rethink and then just try to push out as many reps as you can do. But I appreciate you listening and learning to what I had to say to that. You're doing a lot. There's a lot that I can preach even, you know, being a competitive body book as someone that's not necessarily looking to get on stage. And bodybuilding in this kind of work, I was just isn't just for the competitor. It's not for just the company. Yeah, that's the main thing is it's for that average person. And it's just fine what benefits you and that the lifestyle that you live. Okay. So thanks man. I appreciate it. I'm in fun. Until next time. Definitely feel next time. Up. All right. I just completed day one workout one of the living large eight week trainer. If you guys haven't checked it out, make sure you check it out at bodybuilding.com. I'm active on there. I'm on the forums. You guys can check me out. Of course, my Twitter at Mr. O. J. Cutler, my Instagram at Mr. J. Cutler official. For more content and more information on J. Cutler, and of course, this workout program. Check out bodybuilding.com. Stay on it. You never know where it's going to take you. You never know where it's going to take you.