Hey guys, Hunter LeBraude here. Today I'm going to be taking you through a brutally quick 3 exercise calf workout. It's going to be high rep, quick pace, and aim that maximum high hypertrophy. We're going to start with standing calf raises. From there we're going to move on to seated calf raises. Finally, to finish it up, we're going to move on to one leg at the leg press calf raises. So the first exercise we're going to be performing today is a standing calf raise. We're going to be forwarding five sets of 30 repetitions with the last two sets being a triple drop set. The reason we're going to be doing slightly higher reps to start out for this workout is your calf muscles unlike any other muscle in your body and that all day long every step you take you're using your calf. So it takes significantly more stimulation and significantly more reps to train than any other muscle that I've found in my experience. Your calf is actually made up of a couple different muscles. You have the gastric nemesh which is the muscle but most people assume is the calf muscle and then you have what's called the solius. The gastric nemesh is best trained with your leg, joint, lock down your leg, joint being your knee, lock down. You can assure that you lock this joint up by contracting both your quads and your glutes when performing your standing calf raises. What this is going to do is just going to isolate the gastric nemesh, take the solius out of the equation and make your body very rigid, taking away the injuries you might sustain to your lower back. You might also notice that in the video I was wearing a belt that's just another step in precaution to take and keeping your lower back nice and firm and straight. When performing these triple drop sets it's imperative that you keep the time that you take to drop the weight in between the sets as minimal as possible. Ideally you'll have a training partner there to strip the weight for you or be using a pin selectorized machine where it takes very, very short amount of time to drop the weight. Worst comes to worse and you have to make do and do it like I did on a standing Smith just bust it, I can get around there and take the plates off and get right back out and they're in good after it. But you want to keep the rest periods down and you don't want to take time in between them to recover. The last two sets of the triple drop sets serve to be able to keep the weight high because you want to keep the weight high enough to be stressing the muscle and breaking down the muscle fibers. But you're unable to perform a set all the way through with heavy enough weight to do that. So the last two sets being the triple drop sets you'll hit 10 reps at a weight that you can barely hit 10 reps at drop but again to a weight you can barely hit 10 reps at and finally finish up with a weight you can get another 10. It should not be comfortable it should not be enjoyable it will hurt but it will give you results. Moving on to the seated calf raises the reason we perform the seated calf raises is to train the solace the solace is activated whenever your knee is at a bent angle. So unlike the standing calf raises where we're going out of the way to make sure the knee joint is locked as possible. When we do the seated calf raise you're going to want to have an angle in the knee. Obviously you're going to be seated doing it. Something to keep in mind when doing your seated calf raises is you don't want to hyper extend your Achilles at the bottom. Once you get past a certain point all of the tensions taken off the solace in place entirely on your Achilles you can kind of see this indicated by whenever you're at the bottom of your rep whenever your feet start rolling in that's kind of transitioning from the solace to the Achilles tendon. So there's no purpose and muscle growth and it causes a lot of undue stress on the tendon. Another thing to keep in mind when training your calves is that it's really important to you to good contraction at the top. You'll notice that when I'm performing these workouts I almost perform a double clutching riff at the top. I'll get as high as I can normally. I'll let it sit there for a second and then I'll really force it to contract and I might only get an inch higher when I do that but it's really forcing a full contraction out of the muscle. Doing that like any other exercise and using any other machine it allows you to use a little less weight while placing additional stress on the muscle which is what we're after. It's imperative that throughout the work you keep the rest period under 60 seconds, optimally being around 45 seconds. If you're training with someone it should be as long as it takes them to do their set and then it's NASPAR PIPCruestyle to get on there get your weight set and for you to do your set. Moving on from there we're going to finish up with one leg head like press calf phrase. The reason we do it one leg head is you know throughout the work that you might get more and more fatigued on one side of the other so it's just one good way to ensure at the end of the work at the you really are able to thump both sides equally. In addition to that when you perform the seated leg press calf phrase is your neither straight nor bent with your knee there's a very slight angle in it so you've already attacked the gastric knee and is by doing it standing you've attacked the solius by doing it seated so the finish here is going to be the leg press one leg head calf for because you're isolating each side and you're isolating both muscles there are already worn down so it's a great finish for any calf work out in one that I really enjoy. A question I could ask often is how often to train your calves. Any calf work out including this one I believe can be used up to two times a week if you're truly training the calves to failure they will be sore for two to three days after you train them. That being said I do believe it is a muscle that requires more than a once a week training split because of how often the muscle gets used throughout the day and throughout the week is I previously stated you do have to go above and beyond to really get growth out of them. It's a lot of work and it hurts but my calves have grown tremendously and I brought them up from a week point to a strong point by doing so so don't be scared of training your calves more than once a week you will re-thru awards. To implement this work I'd enter your split I have two different recommendations. If you want to include it on your leg day I really strongly recommend you start with your calves. By starting with your calves and doing this workout you might not have as much energy to train your legs so it's definitely going to be a prioritization of calves if you employ it that way. If you aren't looking to diminish the performance of your calves and hamstrings due to the fact that you're missing energy because of how hard this workout is I would definitely recommend using an antone stand alone day or tacking it on to a workout that doesn't involve your lower half such as shoulders, back or chest. For the full workout breakdown and the tips and tricks that are included with each exercise be sure to check out the page below. If you have any questions about the workout or nutrition and exercise in general don't hesitate to send me a message on body space. My username is Hunter Liberada all lower case in those spaces. The more articles and videos like this keep on coming back to bodybuilding.com