This is Gardener. Jessie, if you're in a ward at your west coast association, back below end diploma, because it will physically, mentally, and spiritually, and most of all, your good characters. Being fit and living healthy is what I know and love. I look at my body as an artist, sculpting and transforming the ideal physique. Using my fitness modeling, fitness coaching, and figure competitions as a platform, I hope to inspire as many people as possible. I'm here to help you change your life. I'm Jessie Hoganberg. I'm really sick. I know. I'm trying to cook these, take a piece, you want to cook these, yes? Yeah, you want to cook these. I always grew up in a fit family. My dad ran marathons, and we always had a home gym, and they always had gym memberships in my dad's play, handball. He'd take my mom with him to the gym, so it was always around, but I never really got into it until I started playing sports. Kind of a round softball as when I started hitting the weight room. My never was really a cardio person. I just wanted to lift. I realized that I was really uncomfortable alone in the gym. I would never go alone. I would never go alone. I always had to go with my mom and my dad or a friend or my brother or something. I didn't want to go to the squat rack or a machine that had to be set up, because I, you know, I thought people were watching me, and I didn't want to, you know, set a pin wrong, or I didn't know how to undo the last person's weight, or something. When I was 19, I was smoking cigarettes and drinking beer, and I was in college, and didn't even think about fitness. Kind of spent a lot of time eating top ramen and drinking and hanging out and party, and so that was kind of that phase of my life. But after college, I came home, and I knew I wanted to kind of make a change in my life, and I actually met my husband back then, and he was competing as a bodybuilder in the NPC, which is a bodybuilding organization. I went to his show, and I was literally in the audience, probably with a beer and a hot dog. These girls walked out, and I really only thought I knew of men's bodybuilding, but I had no idea there were women involved, or that there were any other sort of divisions along with that. So these figure girls walked out, with their amazing sparkly bikinis, and they just looked incredible. So I decided to compete in a figure show. I knew that that was a goal. I signed up for it. I paid the registration fees. I spent the $800 on a suit, I made an investment, so I knew I was going to do it no matter what. I tracked my progress the whole time to kind of see how I was doing and how is progressing, and I stayed motivated by meeting other people doing the same thing, or by finding communities like body space. I started working out with Alex, my husband, who was just kind of my boyfriend back then. And again, I was really self-conscious in the gym, so I just kind of followed him around and did everything he told me to do, competed in my first show, and just kind of got the bug from there, and then kind of fired him from telling me what to do, and I just kind of found my inner beast mode and went off from there. There's something in me that needs to have my own story, my own journey to get to where I want to be. I wanted to look healthy, and I wanted to look full, and I wanted this set a good example for the sport, and to women everywhere, and to people everywhere, so I did more research, and I read more articles. And I learned more about what worked for me in the gym, and that takes time. Not everybody can have the same workout, so what works for me doesn't work for the next person or the next person. And same with diet, so for me I was okay with it taking 10 shows, 15 shows over three or four years to learn from every single mistake along the way, until I finally figured it out and nailed it. And to me that story is amazing that I have that. What I love about having a lifestyle of being fit is that I'm 33 years old right now, and I have a better physique, I'm healthier, I feel better than I ever did when I was 20, 21, 22. It's incredible, and I want to keep that going as long as I can. I want to feel even better when I'm 43 than I do today at 33, and I know that the only way to do that is to have a healthy diet and to stay consistent in the gym and to live the lifestyle. How? There's a huge shift happening, is women want to look, women want to have arms like this, women want to have a shelf on their butt, they want to have a quad sweep, they want to have great hamstrings, they want that shape, so I love that that's happening. The myths behind women lifting heavy is the craziest part about all of this for me. One of the things that happens to me multiple times a day. Women walk up to me and say, you look amazing, how did you get like that? I want to know what you do in the gym, but I don't want to get too bulky, or can you help me come up with a fitness program, but I don't want to look like a man. Not a single woman on this planet, naturally, is going to look like a man if she lifts heavy. We simply do not possess the levels of testosterone and our body naturally to get that way. No squads are going to turn you into a man in the gym, but they're certainly going to give you a nice butt. I don't think that women eat enough. I eat 2,400 calories a day sometimes. Sometimes that's a thousand calories more than they're currently eating. So what I usually advise is to figure out their basometabolic rate, and there's plenty of calculators on bodybuilding.com to figure that out, you can always research it and look it up, and you can kind of find out what your maintenance calorie level is. If you're losing weight from that maintenance amount, that means that you can probably bump it up a little bit if your goal isn't to lose weight, you need to make sure that if you're lifting heavy, you're feeding your body enough. So add a few hundred calories. You are not going to change your body if you are under eating and not getting enough calories. No changes happen to the body if you're eating a thousand calories a day. A lot of women don't know exactly what to do when they are trying to lift heavy. Does that mean bicep curls? Does that mean cav raises? Does that mean lunges? The biggest bang for your back and lifting heavy is called compound lifts. compound exercises are things that recruit other muscle groups. So think about squats. If you're squatting, you're working on your balance, you're working on your core, you're holding a bar on top of your shoulders, you're working quads, glutes, hamstrings, calves, so many things. So think about the amount of different muscles that are working when you do one exercise. When you lift heavy, your body is breaking down muscle. So the magic really happens after your session in the gym. Your body is requiring extra oxygen to repair the muscles which burns extra calories which increases your metabolism. And all of that's happening after your workout while you're sitting at home, channel surfing. You're burning all those extra calories. You can do all the cardio you want. You can watch any insanity DVD you want and burn a thousand calories in an hour. But none of that after burn effect happens after cardio workouts. It all happens after you lift weights. Some of the most challenging things that women often face when deciding to go on a journey to fitness is finding the right support system to have your back throughout the entire process that ups and the downs along journey that you're about to start by getting in the gym. But I really do think that a lot of times unfortunately the significant other doesn't get on board. I don't really have an answer except for dump your boyfriend. And get strong and be a strong company independent woman. You get to pick your 50 shoes. What is that? Don't you put that. You definitely need to get ready for a long journey. You're going to have results really quickly if you're brand new to the gym. In the first five weeks you're going to see quick results. You're going to feel different. You're going to feel better. You look different better than you ever have before and it's going to be a huge motivator for you. But then at some point around the six seven week mark it's going to level off and you're going to wonder what happened and what you're doing wrong and what changed and that's when you really have to dig deep. You have to find a way to change up your program when you do hit platoes like that and you can do things like changing up your sets and reps. You can do things like just changing up the exercises. You can even go to a different gym. Have a couple different gym memberships. Do some outdoor workouts. Add a couple more yoga classes. Take a couple more rest days. There's so many options. It's not easy. You can get very discouraged. You can do 30 pound overhead dumbbell press. dumbbell shoulder presses one week and the very next week. You can't even push up one rep with that weight. There's so many factors that go into it and you need to pay attention to all of them as long as you track your progress and just keep a good training journal so that you kind of see how much you've progressed over time. You can feel you might feel like nothing's happening but if you look at your training journal and you see how heavy your squatting today that can be a big motivator for you to keep going. Lifting with intensity in the gym is the only way to truly change your body and give yourself those curves that you get from awesome tone muscles. To me it's intensity. Those extra two reps you get after you stop for a second and take a deep breath. That's when all the magic happens. That's when the intensity really happens to just go, oh I can do this. I can get a couple more reps and you always can. You always can. One thing I want everyone to take away from this is that I'm a huge believer in doing what makes you happy. If you love running keep running but also make a few extra days in the gym to lift. If you're a total yogi be a total yogi I love that but make sure that you do a couple yoga classes a week and make sure you're in the gym lifting heavy a couple times a week. All you need to do is just add a few days a week of lifting heavy to your regimen and you really will change your physique and change your life. Nobody I know has yet come to me complaining that their six pack looks too awesome or that they aren't really into their quad sweep that's growing or that their shoulders are looking too carved out and amazing. It doesn't happen. All I get is emails and positive reactions from the changes that women see in their bodies by getting in the gym and lifting heavy. That's why this is a lifestyle and it's a life-long journey. It's never ends. There's an on-nect expiration date to getting fit. You've heard me talk a lot today about my philosophy and lifting heavy but if you want a little bit more detail about my exact training program what I eat throughout the day and how I follow me and connect with me on body space. My username is Jesse Fitness, J-ES-S-I-E-F-I-T-N-E-S or you can follow me on Facebook. It's facebook.com slash Jesse Fitness. I'm Jesse Holgumberg and for more great content like this keep coming back to bodybuilding.com.