Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What's up, bodybuilding.com, listeners. My name is Daniel Bits and welcome back to the BB Compa Podcast. Today I'm joined by Alex Silver Fagan. Alex is dedicated to transforming lives through the unique blend of strength training, yoga, and mindful living. She's the creator and founder of the method flow into strong, a Nike trainer, kettlebell specialist, yoga teacher, author, and public speaker. She uses her expertise in voice as a guiding force leading individuals towards self-discovery and empowerment in every movement in moment. Currently, you can find her on Instagram as well as on the Open Digital App and in-person at their studio in Venice, California. Alex, welcome to the podcast, I did a chat with you today. Thank you so much for having me. I got to tell you it's a little trippy being back with bodybuilding.com. It's been about like 10 years, perhaps, of this journey for me and it's very cool. So thank you for having me. Yeah, absolutely. We're going to talk more about that in just a second for topic number one today. Everybody building Alex Silver Fagan. So we're going to get to know you a little bit more Alex. You're no stranger to the fitness industry. We've all heard of you and in various modalities and scenes of the industry. In fact, you're no stranger like you said to us here at BB Combs, so take us back to the beginning of the journey that brought you here today. So I think it's surprising for people to learn that I actually wasn't an athlete. I didn't identify with sports or the traditional movement that you see on bodybuilding.com. And when I got to college, I was studying theater and psychology and then I found my way into nightlife. I just started working. I went to NYU, I was in the city and I found bodybuilding.com. I found Jamie Eason's 12-week live at trainer. And I started to train at the gym, but it was, it was contra-indicated to what I was doing in nightlife and I was waking up. I was working 10 pm to 6am, waking up at 2. I had no energy to go to the gym and it just did not work. And I started to find myself in this hole. And I saw all these bikini competitors online. And I was like, that's healthy, which I've later learned is not necessarily health and wellness, but it is discipline and fitness and sport. And so I quit the club, signed up for a bikini competition, prep for three months. I did not win. I got seventh place and for me that was unacceptable, especially with the energy that I put into it. And everything that I do in my life is, I'm like all in. So I signed up for another one two weeks later. If anybody listening, which I'm sure some of you are listening, have done shows. I essentially just kept myself in a peak week for three weeks. So almost a month. Very challenging on the body, but then I won. I won the show. And I was still posting on Bali, but bodybuilding.com. My transformation on my stories. And I noticed that there was this book's model search. It's like, might as well, not just also mid. And so I submitted. I got into, like I said, the top 25. And then I was in the top 10. And then top five, which meant I came out to LA for the competition. I got third place and signed with bodybuilding.com. Came back to New York. I was teaching group fitness at the time. Even though I, I didn't study exercise science in school. I didn't plan on being a trainer, but I always knew that I wanted to speak to people and share a message and fell into group fitness classes. The global fitness director of Nike walked into my class. She scouted me two weeks later. I became a Nike master trainer at 23. And everything just snowballed from there. But throughout that journey, I was also practicing yoga and starting to find that there was a lot of synergy with my spiritual practice, my connection to self and also movement and what I was teaching. And that's when I created flown strong, which is originally just a class blending yoga and strength. But there's so much more, which we will get into. And deeper than just a class, it's truly a method in the way that I live my life and the way that I teach people and even in my relationships and my friendships. What have been some of your favorite experiences in terms of whether that's teaching classes, working one-on-one with individuals? What do you find? That's always coming back to, and it's just your favorite part of this profession. I think it's just reminding people what they're capable of. With fitness, most people come in thinking that they need to get stronger, that they have to change something about themselves. And that's never the intention when I want somebody to step into a space, step into a yoga studio or into the gym. I want them to feel curious about learning more about themselves, uncovering their power, uncovering their strength, and then realizing how they can translate that outside of the space or even take what's outside of the space into their movement practice. And if I could just shake people, you are so epic and this is going to show you how. Yeah, absolutely. I think with every great story comes adversity, right? And you have certainly had a pass that brings you to where you are today. Can you discuss a time when fitness helped you overcome a personal challenge? Past experiences that you're going to share with us here today? I always struggled with my mental health growing up. My family, I come from a divorce family, and dynamic there. And I spent a lot of time alone, which was why I loved theater, and I loved story. And I, yeah, I mean my first entrance into bodybuilding was to get out of a dark hole of working in nightlife, partying a lot, being really disconnected from self and my purpose and my truth. And I would go into the gym and I was just, I was like, oh, I can handle this. I can handle the resistance that I feel on me. And bodybuilding, as I mentioned before, it's a wonderful sport, but it's a sport. It's not, it's not health and wellness. And training for bikini competitions for a while, being a signed fitness model, I created this ideal of my body of what was perfection, and it was not healthy. And so disorder-deating patterns are very, very common with women in this space. And while it was amazing to learn how to treat my body like a science experiment and what goes in, you know, I can, I can play with those factors and macros and create this outcome. I wasn't actually connecting to my food. I wasn't connecting to my body. I wasn't part of that dialogue. I just kept telling it what I wanted to do. And fitness, when you, when you really break it down and you get back to moving in the sensations that you feel in your body, you can start to redevelop that dialogue, redevelop the dialogue with the food that you're eating. And so I did my mental health struggled when I was younger. I then got wrapped up in my career very early on. I was 23. All of a sudden I was a bodybuilding outcomes spokes model. I was flying out to Boyz Yadho and filming programs. I was then with Nike as a master trainer teaching these big events. And I had no idea who I was because I never took the time to actually learn. I was just told who I was. And in 2020, I hit another really, really dark, dark hole. And fitness wasn't enough to get me out. And I I checked myself into a mental health treatment facility, which was one of the best things I've ever done. 30 days and there's such a stigma around going into higher levels of care when people go on yoga retreats. Or they just take these sabbaticals. And it's the same thing I was just supported with professional mental health professionals around me. But one of the things about my healing journey was that I needed to have access to fitness. And the facility that I went to didn't have a gym. So I shipped myself kettlebells and dumbbells and a pull-up bar. And I made sure that that was a part of my practice. So that even when things felt really out of control, I had control of one part of my day. I had control of my sensations. I had control of the resistance that was on me. And still today, you know, as I was going through that, I was also practicing yoga regularly and developing this deeper dialogue with who I was. And so, while yes, of course, fitness gives you endorphins and you feel better, if the intention is still to change your body or to change something or that you don't believe that you're good enough, it's not going to work. And so I tried to teach people just like I had to learn for myself. I did that rock bottom where it's like, who am I? What is my intention with this? It wasn't enough. I was already a fitness professional. I was the epitome of fitness makes you happy and I wasn't. And so sometimes it's not enough. And that's why with flow into strong and what I teach now, we don't start with the workout. We start with closing your eyes, breathing, asking, you know, checking with your heart, checking in with your spirit. What's going on right now? And how do we then move from that? Yeah, I think the transition from fitness being your identity to fitness being complementary of your identity is a really hard one. And it's a very long journey as well. And you yourself, you had kind of developed all the physical tools to keep yourself quote unquote healthy from a physical standpoint. And you had to kind of go back out there and gather the tools to start practicing mindfulness, which you're now merging the two today. You know, when in that time in the facility, you know, where you practicing mindfulness was that a time where you started to implement that was that kind of the transition for injecting this into your life? Yeah, I don't think that treatment is where you heal. I think it's where you have space to look at what's going on. Same with when people just take breaks. We all need to take breaks. And we start with awareness. We start with creating spaciousness to actually hear what's happening. And what's what you need to then then you can then use the tools because you're aware of what the source this you is. It's the same thing with if we think about illness. If you're just going to the symptom all the time and you're not getting to the root of the issue, you're always going to be sick. You're always going to keep adding more to the healing journey. So space. And that's what yoga is. Yoga, there's there's so much to yoga and it's not just the awesome practice of our physicality. Same thing with either it's bodybuilding. It's cross-fed. It's, you know, there's the movements but then there's the intention. What's the point of the program? What's the reason that you're stepping in? And so again, it's, yeah, I love that. It's not your identity. It's complementary. We are identity is much deeper than any of the things that we do. It's who we are. It's our core values. It's what we want to share with the world. What our heart is. How do people feel when they're with you? That is who you are. I agree. You know, for yoga for me and I've been practicing for a couple of years now. It's the stillness. It's the quietness but then it's also just I love being in the room and collectively breathing with people next to me. That's very powerful and I don't think enough people have given it that chance. I think people often have a stigma around yoga. It's a very crunchy modality, right? But I want to talk about that more in our episode as well and how we can combine not only the physicality of yoga and having that be complementary to a strength routine or running or whatever competition you're setting yourself up for in terms of injury, prevention and reduction, but also just the mindfulness and mentality that you get out of that. It's incredible. Speak a little bit more about open because I think this is a good time here. So talk about the mindfulness and breath work and the studio that you're doing, your class, power, etc. Also, I just want to I live in LA now. So I'm a little crunchy but I keep I keep my new younger and me in support it with support both posts. It's good and I'm in love with it. There's room for all. So open is a mindfulness studio and everything that we do there. All of our modalities are a practice in coming into the present moment and we use our breath and our body is a tool to get there. So we have meditation practices, breath work practices and then there are yoga practices. There was not fitness as part of this for a really long time. I met one of the founders two years ago and started telling him about flow and it's strong and he was like, hmm, interesting. That sounds like something we could do here. So I moved out to LA and I created and helped create this program called Power. Power is it's a workout. It's a strength training class. But like I said before in the way that I train personally and work with my 101 clients, what we do in the classes, you first create space. We breathe. We listen and then we start to engage in a dialogue with the body as opposed to just telling it what to do. And a lot of so we have an in-person studio where I teach in person at our location and then we also have a digital app. And in the classes, you know, all of it is it's conversation. It's a moment to to be with the body and a lot of these digital programs that you or digital classes that you take other apps, other fitness programs. A lot of it is trying to distract you and just get you out of what you're doing because it can be hard. And I actually want people to feel the hard, recognize the hard, recognize the challenge. You came here to feel something just like why we're alive. We're here to feel something to have these sensations. And so it's a work in. It's truly which can be a little like, woo, of a statement. But it really is. We're not working out. We were going into the body. I don't want to distract you. I want you to feel everything so that when you're alone and you're in the gym. You're not just checking your phone. You're not looking around. Maybe you want to film like one set. Sure. But you're really moving with your breath. You're connected. And yes, it's learning how to treat it like a meditation. But what I find from yoga is everything is rooted in the breath. And it's also I'm a kettlebell specialist. I've done an RKC strong first. And what I loved about kettlebell is I found something that was yoga and strength. You're learning how to play with tension and release and your breath and linking your breath to your movement. When we're moving through our day, are you conscious of your breathing? Are you recognizing that your feeling anxious and your breathing pattern has changed? You can regulate yourself. And I want people to learn how to do that on their own as well. Yeah, I think it's it's very similar to the saying you have to slow down to go fast. And I think we're very used to our warm-up speed. Let's get the heart rate up. Let's hit the treadmill. We'll talk about that in a second at why that's not what we want to probably do, right? And just jumping right into it. You get done with that last call. Five o'clock. You know, you're out the gym. Your heart rates up. Your heart rate stays up for three or four hours, right? This is so unique in the sense of we're starting at like a yoga class. We're sinking our breath. We're sinking our breath internally. We're sinking with the people around us. If we're doing it with others and person at the studio, maybe you're alone just taking some time for yourself. But you're just kind of checking in. How hard was today? How did today make me feel? You know, what do I feel up for? How hard can I go in this? Maybe this is a class where I'm dialing it back a little bit, right? Or maybe this isn't even what I should be doing. Right, maybe I turn it off too many things. Right, and I go for a walk, right? Go for a run. And teaching people, I say I have something called the movement menu. The more modalities that you try and the more conscious you are of how you feel going into it and what you feel after, you can then start to choose what's appropriate for you in the moment. So you had a lift on this schedule. I don't care. Get it in another day. And really listen. And there's also something that I wanted to mention because it's really special with our class. At open is that we use perna Yamaprakises within power, something called Kapalabati, which is skull shining breath. And it actually just creates heat in the body. Without needing to get on the treadmill, you're just manipulating your breath in a way that is then going to support the next thing that you do. And you can do that. Your breath is beyond powerful. Powerful. You know, I think creating the self-awareness pieces, what we're seeing a lot more of, which is fantastic. I think we're seeing the industry shift and shape into something where we're less so good to tell you what you need. We're going to help you determine what you need for yourself. And we're going to your point, providing that menu. It's not just you guys that are doing and I'm seeing it more and more across the board. So we're going to provide you with the tools and resources to understand what you need today. Because what you need today is going to be significantly different than what you need tomorrow. And developing that self-awareness, like you said, walking down the street and my breathing with my shoulders or my breathing in my belly right now. Oh, I just got really nervous for this presentation. Same thing where I'm my shoulders, where am I breath? Where's my heart rate and just applying that to everyday life. So I love all of that. That's great. Yeah, we're in this routine of needing to stick to our rigidity of our routine. The routine can be throwing the routine out. And there's this beautiful line between discipline and rigidity where discipline is holding yourself accountable to what you said you were going to do and how you were going to do it. Rigidity is there's no flexibility within that of where you're showing up. And you also need to find joy and everything that you're doing. If something's a part of your career and I'm not, I do have friends who are professional athletes and I totally understand that there are moments where it's just not but we have one life. So if you can find joy and anything even just the choice of I'm going to do this because I said that I was and I'm going to honor that and then take care of myself later. There's so many we have we have a full menu that's not just our movement of availability of taking care of ourselves. Yeah. And I think I mean movement has to be fun. Movement should be played on like this should be an enjoyable part of your day. It's just like as we were children like you get back to play and just adventuring and jumping around you look at a kid they're just like bouncing off the walls and that's I want to feel connected to my body and so many people forget this beautiful tool that we have and you know they go into the gym for an hour they go take a spin class and then they sit all day and they don't feel anything here. I learned something recently it's a practice with a just a process that that is very much an inner child work but our body is its own experience like we have our intellectual body we have our heart our emotional body we have our physical body we have our spiritual body and you want to make sure that you're taking care of all of those. Yeah talk a little bit more about flow into strong like take us through take us through a workout Alex. Sure. To be transparent when I first when I first developed the class can he sent you to you who's on this podcast recently and he he was a good friend of mine he hired me for a gym that was here in New York called Solis and I was a group fitness instructor I was a strength coach I was working with Nike already and again this goes back to how movement has helped me out of some dark moments I went through really bad breakup I loved my yoga practice and I ended up going to Thailand for my first yoga training with no intention of teaching I just went and I was like I'm going to learn and have that influence my practice which a lot of people do. I came back and it just felt like a disservice to my Dharma my inner work to not teach and the owners of the gym canny one of them said we've got the yoga studio why don't you go in there and teach and I was terrified of teaching a following the yoga class I just had this imposter syndrome so at first I was like I know how to teach group fitness I'm just going to put them together I'll do a little bit of yoga a little bit of strength and I started moving through it and I was I was very aware of the magic that I had stepped into which is blending the two together so I'm not reinventing the wheel you you start with breath you start with sunsight mutations warming up the body connecting there's a there is a repetition that happens when we do workouts you're doing the same thing over an over and over so you can drop into a flow you can start to understand and then you know we go through a strength circuit there's a little bit of a like a fire moment at the end and then you finish in a meditation and you get to actually feel what happened so that's the that's the class flow and just wrong the method the lifestyle is truly coming home to the body to unlock the strength that is already within and I spent about three years writing a book which has been quite a process I've taken some time away from it I've come back as I've gone on my own journey of learning how to flow into my strong I've now been able to come up with clear clear tools and clear like clear moments within this journey of how to unlock the strong and so it's broken down into three areas you have flow how do you cultivate flow it's through awareness it's through source a connection to spirituality something outside of yourself connection to pleasure are we having are we enjoying so great all of the all the pot everything that we've set on this podcast is is truly this journey and then our strong practice which is starting with movement how you how to express the emotions and moving forward in your life we then have your solitude are you okay being alone and then your identity do you know who you are and after that you unlock what I say is woman but it works for men to I work with of just this ultimate self and we're not trying to get to a goal of changing anything it's just learning about who you are and so that's the journey of the book and I've also created a master class which is almost like a little TED talk version of that and I'll go and film a new program which will follow that framework as well I love that solitude was a piece of that because a lot of us we may not even realize that we can't sit with ourselves we spoke a little bit about this was Christina Centanari in our recent episode too or such a sweet amazing love her a lot of people can't sit with themselves and you talked about distractions a few minutes ago that's what we're doing we're using the workouts as distraction we're using TV and social and all these things once work ends okay we're gonna go work out now we're just in watch TV now we're just growing now we're gonna go to bed well did you sit with yourself did you sit there and I'm quote in Christina like look at yourself in the mirror and just take inventory of how you're feeling and this is how time passes by so quickly everybody says oh you know the years have gone by it's because you didn't take the time to slow down and kind of live intentionally with each day I mean every single day you gotta look yourself in the mirror and say how am I feeling physically how is my body feeling I'm my feeling emotionally and mentally am I okay and do I feel safe we're gonna get into that this is actually a really great transition into topic two I want to talk about us we've only done one only one topic wow exploring spirituality so spirituality isn't necessarily always something we think about in traditional fitness dialogues Alex but there are a few sub-tockets sub-tockets excuse me that we're gonna explore here so number one tells about your story with connection to spirit how the main integrate into the theory of movement being medicine awakening the inner child etc let's break this one open sure hmm where do I start with that people often get confused with spirituality and religion and I I've started studying Kabbalah recently which I really appreciate because it's just the source of consciousness and if you spend time sitting alone with yourself there is a voice within you there's two voices there's this ego voice the one that's telling you what you should do and and also we need it to keep us alive it's how we've progressed as a species but there's also this higher self voice that's this truth of you can tap into it with your intuition does it feel good do I feel safe in this moment and there were so many so many experiences early on in my 20s where I wasn't actually listening to that higher voice that spirituality I was just doing what I thought I should be doing and I got into this rat race just alright I was just here's the next thing here's the next thing and I would I would distract myself and the more that you distract yourself the less that you can hear that source in that connection and you don't need anything to feel it you just need to sit alone there obviously things that can help rocket ship you there but when you do sit alone and you also start to really listen to your body that that inner voice is within your body your intuition is it comes through and your heartbeat it comes through and you're gut like what you actually you can sense and feel and know and and your inner your inner child you look at a child and they are so tapped into this other energy that's around us they have no idea it's just truth it's they haven't had labels put on then there's not this this feeling of I have to do this because it will make me a good person it's just shall I be kind am I playing am I outside and movement is a quick way to get to source so I think you know as you as you just put it not everybody can kind of just stop what they're doing to start that this is not a overnight success story in terms of being comfortable doing that I don't think you ever get completely comfortable if you do come on to this podcast but yeah I want to hear about yeah I was called some a D in yoga where you reach this like ultimate state of enlightenment which doesn't really ever happen yeah I want to talk about plant medicine here because that can certainly be a catalyst in terms of getting you to the point of slowing things down and just looking at yourself a little more intentionally both literally and metaphorically right let's dive into plant medicine let's talk about your experience what plant medicine let's define what that means when we say plant medicine right because this is a new topic for us here yeah most people here plant medicine and if they're not actually where they just think of drugs and the word drug is an interesting word because you go you take you pop an adville that's a drug and some drugs are apparently good and some are not what I love about plant medicine or just psychedelic work is that this is a connection to the earth it's a consciousness that exists and has exist for thousands millions of years like the planet mushrooms have been growing since the beginning of time and I I always judged psychedelics when I was working in nightlife I was I was doing the the drugs that would be quote unquote bad but everything is again with intention if you're trying to numb yourself and take your take yourself out of what you're feeling then that's probably not the reason to be taking something if you're trying to if you're taking something to drop in to learn more to have more connection to those around you with the planet with yourself then there is going to be some juice there's some magic there my first entrance with psychedelics was with a plant medicine called bufoh oh it's actually it's actually an animal medicine it's from a toad known as bufoh of aris in the cenore and desert it's a toad venom and they call it the god molecule it's like the ultimate and mind you before that the only psychedelics I had done was mushrooms once so I I told you I go all in I went zero to a hundred like fully blasted and all it is and all that I felt was the sensation of joy and you don't even exist anymore I did that and all of the work that I've done with medicine as either in ceremony or it's been with a therapist and again it doesn't matter if you can't find that for yourself it's just the intention of what you're what you're doing what you're taking and I find it to be quite primal and a practice in surrender in letting go and it's also that's something that's very hard for people even in fitness can you surrender so much of the sensation I find even when I'm alone I'll catch myself trying to cut reps because it's uncomfortable and I'm like hold on hold on we're surrendering to the sensation and we're gonna go deeper and I learned that with plant medicine work again you don't need any of these things the goal is not to keep taking them it's you you you get information and then you move forward with that but like I was just mentioning to it feels quite primal which is what fitness is too we were hunter gatherers we we moved our body to protect ourselves and we are so at this moment in life we're so disc or and at this moment in our society we're so disconnected from the planet we don't even know where the food that we eat comes from and when you when you take these substances or you you really start to listen you realize how disconnected you are and then you can start to reestablish that relationship yeah I think similar to to you know to myself and my past as well I grew up in a very rural town I grew up where alcohol was kind of the daily standard right drug right and I'm gonna use a little bit let's call the mainstream in this instance and I want to use cannabis and celacidin for a little bit more of the mainstream planet medicines here perfect you know they were seen as red light major red light so you can drink alcohol every single day but you can't touch cannabis and don't even think about mushrooms right I've connected it to movement I've connected it to broth work to yoga flows I've connected it to running I have trained for iron man's and marathons with the help of some of this planet medicine so I think there's a huge stigma I think some of us are even a bit scared to share that initially in the first meanings because immediately that judgment is placed so I actually don't usually disclose that information until somebody gets to know me and then it's always a shock still it's always a shock when I do disclose information that planet medicine has and continues to be a part of my life because they look at me as in what you're you're a functioning individual you do this at fitness you do all these things and I'm like are you still you know and you see the gear start to turn in their mind and it's really fascinating thank you for sharing that and that's really what I kept thinking about it because it's basically mentioned cannabis as well and we're so controlled by this consumer culture and if these big companies can make money and so cannabis is now becoming legal yes and because you can make money off of it and what most people don't know is that cannabis is actually a feminine plant it's very soft it's also in the Bible they used to have they used to hotbox with with weed for spiritual purposes and we also have cannabinoid receptors in our bodies one of the only plants that we are actually in connection with in our DNA and yet it's treated like a crop it's sprayed with chemicals humans are in hazmat suits as they're taking care of it instead of just growing it outside and they they alter the THC level so everything that we it I could go down as spiral because it's so overwhelming to realize you have to be very clear of where you're getting things what you're doing with them why and what the energy is and we don't need that much we don't need that much but they're tools at the end of the day it's tools that you have in your toolbox just like fitness fitness can be a drug people can go into the gym use it too much use it for a reason that no longer is connected to love to to joy to growth and we just have to be really careful it comes down the the entire this entire podcast this episode it's really it's awareness it's space why yeah I want to transition into sexuality right and connecting our spirit there you know connecting all of the learnings that we're finding and all these other modalities and bringing in to the top of those sexuality so curious your thoughts there sexuality is also something that we are taught to be afraid of because it's powerful and it's also true connection to source and especially as women were never taught that our pleasure is important and yet it's it's a primal desire and it's it's a chance to feel your body fully and so I feel I love that we just went from plant medicine and to fitness and to spirituality because or I'm sorry plant medicine fitness and sexuality because to me it's all a reconnection with the earth which is what we are we are part of this planet and there's also there's something sexy about a woman and a man who's taking care of their body and is in relationship with this being connected to the earth and so I think it's a tool I think that again it's it's what are your preconceived notions around your own sexuality what you are afraid of we've always been taught how to look how to dress what to do how to love and what if we took all of that away and you just got down to what made you feel good and made you feel connected and I'm still on that journey of connecting with my sexuality and a part of the mental health process this this might be a little too much but one of the first things that my therapist and treatments had to me do masturbate and as a woman that's so scary feeling our pleasure and yet you go into a gym and you enter into a workout and there's that moment where you're like right it's that same sensation you're so proud of what your body can do and you can feel yourself fully and I hope that every person can connect with themselves that way and not take advantage of it yeah I think I mean all these topics that we're talking about today Alex really comes back to just connecting with yourself I mean I think we have our episode title that's yeah I usually well I usually hold that until we actually have the conversation right because it kind of gives itself to us you know I think it just comes down to remove the influence remove the media remove the cultural you know quote unquote norms and just really do the work of getting to know yourself and and just you know it sounds simple the way in which we're saying that's just you know tomorrow just wake up and ride yourself right just know yourself yeah like to see you'll have that done my next Tuesday it's it's a life journey and that's you know that's what we're getting out here today and there are going to be times in your life where you're going through tremendous adversity or tremendous transition and or you say hey I'm kind of done with this version of myself I'm going to go in case I after this version and I've done that a few times and I'm excited to see you know the version of myself that I don't even know exist so this is great dialogue yeah you have a chance to reinvent yourself as many times as you want yeah because you're not you're not beholden to a career label and identity because like I said earlier who you are is underneath all of that and there's freedom in this journey of learning who you are and growing and I've also learned within community sometimes people don't fit anymore and they don't work with your lifestyle and there's nothing wrong with them there's nothing wrong with you you've just grown and that's okay we have to be all right with that I'm not a bodybuilder and bikini competitor anymore but did you learn something from that did I learn something from that experience 1000% and we don't write off those old versions of ourselves just like we don't write off our inner child once we feel like we've transcended into our King or Queen or woman or man that is always going to be within you and that comes back you would then you just invite more seats to the table and you get to have a deeper dialogue with who you are. Yep I love that topic three Alex I want to talk about creating authentic relationships which both well to what you just said the most exciting shift we've seen over the last several years within the fitness and wellness industry is prioritizing community um now more than ever we're seeking ways to move to breathe and connect with other souls whether that's yoga, run clubs are exploding right now out in Venice I keep seeing the Venice Run Club on my Instagram feed and like oh my gosh I have to get out it's a vibe yeah that I saw um they actually had the they had to do police at sports because like the Wednesday night one got so insane or something like that I love it I love it um but we're doing this online but what people are really chasing I think more so we're seeing the rise of experiential and in-person connection coming back now bigger than it was four years ago which I'm referring to COVID obviously we're talking about both so to start Alex tell us the value that you put on community why that's key in terms of our pillars of health and whether we're doing it in or out of the traditional excuse me gym setting studio setting etc. yeah so when you get back to what it means to be a human we used to exist in tribes and being in connection with people supporting others I've now gone to Burning Man and it's definitely a part of my true true expression of self and what you find in places like that is that we take care of each other and we are in community and we it's not you and everybody else it's us together and with the pandemic we didn't realize how much we actually needed that so many people started to realize how disconnected they were from their community from even their friends and maybe there wasn't even an intimacy there when you're with somebody you don't feel like you're you're close enough I love to even touch my friends and be close and that is that is a need it's a human desire and with fitness I found my love of group fitness and fitness through community being dropped into the New York Fitness community going into the gym playing with my friends working and allowing the interaction and the connection to also be embodied and so now that we're getting into digital and there's also a social media conversation I like to think of it as are these things allowing you to feel more in connection when you're with people in person or do you feel even more disconnected and I love digital fitness I love social media I love being able to talk to people all over the world in the comfort of their home can even be even it can be more vulnerable for somebody to be in their own space and have that conversation with you through movement but is it is it allowing you to be a better person when you're with others and one of the great things that I love about LA is I really I prayed for try by prayed for community and I found it and it wasn't that I started doing anything different other than started saying yes I started talking to new people were so afraid and you have a story to share and it's going to be light for somebody else but you're never going to be able to make that connection if you don't say hello if you don't dive a little bit deeper than what do you do like how's your heart right now what are you feeling how can I show up for you and I hope that we can continue to use it as a tool and again it just comes back to your intention are you trying to are trying to distract yourself and take yourself out of a sensation or lean in more and learn more of how to connect what I'm seeing more and more I think as you said Alex people are starved for this connection and the communication the level of communication I should say because anybody can say hey how are you good how are you right right yeah that's just autopilot no but it's like how are you doing and it's actually easier to do that when you're running or when you're contrasting sure or you know as you're walking out of a flow where you just so rendered completely for an hour to 90 minutes and now you're willing to have that conversation on the side walk back to your vulnerable right because you've you've felt your body we we live here we don't live here I mean we do it's part of it but but there's this full connection and energy and so when you can the point of a yoga practice the end chavasana is the point it's to tire out the body so that you can actually feel and here and be with what's coming up and so it's the same thing with when you're in connection with people in a fitness class you feel this bond with people because you're you're vulnerable you're sweaty you're messy we don't have to be perfect and there can then be a deeper relationship and what I would love to see I think you know the rung clubs and the yoga classes and whatnot more families need to start doing this together how many of us haven't had conversation with our moms or dads or aunts and uncles that we probably want to have before their time on earth runs out right you know I'm kind of in this mode of and this is the journalism past life coming out in me I want to sit down with everyone of my family members and I want to essentially make a mini documentary then like I want to preserve that there are so many things that I haven't asked them myself and this is just me personally speaking but you know how many people feel that so can we go to yoga with our mom can we take our mom and our aunt to yoga and then you know walk down the street with them and have some of these vulnerable conversations can we get dad into surfing like what are the options here how can we inject movement into our family relations to have conversations that we may have never had with the people give us life yeah I do think that that's why meditation and breath work which is something we do at open is really wonderful because there can be this physical barrier to entry for a lot of our family members and so if you breath work is amazing because you don't have you don't have I'm in sync with meditation you you sit and you're you're present but it does create this vulnerability how many people take walks with their family right like just just go on a walk connect with the phone away I'm really glad that you brought that up because that brings us back to reconnection with the earth and who we are and we'll at our core tribal beings yeah you're in the spotlight from a very young age and how important is identity and discovering self worth without their reliance on others dictating that for you and you know a lot of this can be social media too where I we love to have our online persona you know for you how do you kind of remind yourself of that self worth or maybe you start to disconnect with yourself how do you bring yourself back I was very lucky to be successful at an early age but like I mentioned earlier I didn't have a chance to figure out who I was and I find that I can use productivity and work to make myself feel successful and like I'm I'm who I am whom I'm supposed to be I'm teaching but if I don't if I want I'm sitting alone and I don't feel nourished then I know I need to take a step back and take a break and I I can hit burnout really quickly and a lot of people can and there's a fear of stopping and failure and you said earlier slow down to speed up we do have to just slow down and listen so a lot of my practices are taking a walk by myself sitting by the waters and by the ocean by the river when I'm here in New York and spending time listening to what's around me and what's within me by creating space but I did have had a lot of labels put on me early on you know Nike Master Trainer bodybuilding.com athlete will let me know if it is model. I I started to use those as who I was and when 2020 happens had a chance to rip all of those off even the title of Tfiyanse or sister or daughter those are those can be part of who we are but they aren't who we are so I like to ask people and I consistently ask myself who am I without any of this what is my heart feeling like how can I how can I tap into something a little bit deeper and that changes all the time we have to be okay with that so it's really being comfortable being alone and those titles and in work titles aside VP director whatever master coach they come with a lot of weight but so it is like you said daughter Fiyadze sister friend they're all very heavy things and when you try to be all those things you can certainly lose sight of yourself and I think you know for me I think 10 years ago the epinome of success was that jam pack schedule was like wow look at this like I'm important and now 10 years later it's my success is actually how free my schedule is I can be the dictator of yeah on schedule I'm not on your time I'm on my time and this is what operates best for me someone said to me once true success is owning every part of your day and yeah working less and living more and that's has nothing to do with that work is bad I love my work I love work and my work is also my play but I also need just space to actually be I was talking to someone last night about the difference between being home and traveling being in routine being this masculine energy versus when you're not in your consistent schedule and you're in this feminine flow and we all have that men and women have masculine and they have feminine and as long as you can bounce between the two you can have control over certain parts of your experience but then also be okay with just this flow in this this surrender then it gets really clear on you get you get more clear on why you're doing things and what you want to be doing so it's a hard journey though continues and I think that I'm going to continue to reinvent myself I'm still really grateful to be working with Nike almost 10 years but I don't use that as my identity I know that if that went away I still have who I am and that's because I've listened and I've leaned into what my message isn't what my story is and even if that goes away and flow and strong isn't even a thing I want to be able to sit with somebody sit with you and just have you when I leave feel like oh she was really sweet like I thought that was really nice I just feel better in her presence and if that's our goal then you know who you are yep I love that last one here for today Alex before we wrap up with a couple final questions how do we distance ourselves from the idea of living two separate lives so one here together like we are right now and then the life we see on social you have a very large following on social you've done a phenomenal job of building that online community how do you kind of say well one I have two questions for you right um how do you prevent yourself from living two separate lives because I think that's a huge problem that we see the life online versus the life right here in person and then two kind of how do you bring yourself back into you know or minding yourself of the person you want to be everywhere it comes down to authenticity which first starts with the vulnerability I'm very grateful that I started social media at an early age before it felt like I needed to be perfect on the internet it was it was before reels and you know all these like catchy viral pieces of content I would just sit on my couch at the end of the day and talk to stories and just share and I found that people resonated with me more I was relatable when I was messy when I was honest and so the way to not have two separate lives is are you showing up the same way in person as you show up online and vice versa so that's number one I think two is prioritizing what happens off of technology off of the screen so that should be your North Star and then being able to pull all of that into that space I've had beautiful connections on the internet and then I meet somebody in person and I don't feel that they're the same and it's because they're prioritizing this glamorous perfect version of themselves and we don't live on the phone and there's there is scary alternate reality where we drop in so far that we're living life of those like Sims like you're just playing the game and we're not actually living the game so limiting the amount of time that you're on there making sure that you're prioritizing your connections with other people and staying real authentic people want your mess they they don't want you to be in pain or messy but we want to feel like we're with you and connected and it doesn't mean that you need to share specifics I've I definitely went into a spiral of sharing in detail what was happening in my life and you have to keep some things a little close to the chest because not everything not everyone deserves that much of you but they can deserve not everybody deserves that much of you but they they are everyone's entitled to to know truth who you really are who you really are yeah I think and this is gonna be a little free social advice for anybody looking at the internet social but authenticity always wins this is at the brand level thousand percent go to the bodybuilding calm instagram and you know our our inspiring transformation clips crushing they do better than any other piece of content that we put out there and sorry I'm giving some insight away here be become but I mean it's just true and then mean to take with a grain of salt me and my 1000 followers the post where I'm putting up a photo and I'm just saying this is what my life is right now or this is how I'm feeling right now we'll get 10x to the amount of engagement that a stupid real trend that I played into from my vacation clips right did I like making that sure but I made it because I like making it I just like creating things and I'm not listening here looking at my insights and my KPIs and my personal social but it's apparent no matter you're on on the brand scale on the personal scale professional scale it's very apparent what does well in these platforms and it all comes back down to just connecting community yeah I have a North Star for moments when I'm not sure if I should be putting something on mine and it's it's a phrase that is give or validate am I giving something here it can even be giving am I giving something for myself like you just mentioned that the trendy viral clip from your from your vacation it's it's fun to do that but are you validating that you went on that trip am I giving my heart because I feel that it's going to connect with somebody else or am I trying to validate something that's deeper within me and so if you can ask that to yourself before you post you sit with somebody and respond am I actually giving energy and life to this conversation or am I trying to validate something that's deeper within me and it's okay if you are then that's the awareness piece and then we can dive a little bit deeper into that we could keep going for a long time yeah Alex I want to leave you with a parting question and I want to ask you for those at home how do we begin to move more intentionally how do we begin to inject intentional practices into what we are physically doing on a daily basis ask questions to yourself and to your body listen and then respond don't start with I want to look this way I need to feel this way I should do this ask and you'll get the answer love it Alex thank you so much for joining us today I want you to tell the audience about some upcoming projects and how they can continue to follow along on your journey so you can find me on Instagram as you always have been able to at Alex overfagan and I'm very excited to be launching my masterclass with Flow and Distrawn which we spoke about earlier in the podcast eventually that will be a full book that I've worked on and that's currently in the works and then I'm also going to be filming a four week program with yoga classes, lifts all fulling videos with me and meditations as well within that you can also find me right now on the open app and also on Nike congrats looking forward to it all thank you so much it was really a pleasure to be here thanks for tuning in to another episode here at BodyBuilding.com stay tuned for more stories along the way