Hi, I'm Jamie Easton and today I'm in the bodybuilding.com kitchen and I'm going to make my Italian turquoise zucchini burgers. I've already started by prepping my oven and setting it on broil. You want to set it on high, there's high and low settings. Make sure you put it on high and I've moved the rack to the top about two inches from the heating element. I've also already grated my zucchini. I'm using two pounds of turkey and for every pound of turkey I've grated two zucchini. So we've got quite a bit of zucchini here and it makes a lot of juice but we want that because turkey tends to be really dry so that's why we're putting a zucchini in there in the first place so it'll add some moisture. So I want all of the liquid as much as I can get. Try to balance that and get in the bowl. Alright. And then after I've added the zucchini I'm going to add all of my spices. This is a really easy, easy recipe. It's got one measuring spoon which is a teaspoon. So I've got a teaspoon of pepper here. One teaspoon of garlic. One teaspoon of salt. One teaspoon of oregano. And then two teaspoons of onion powder and two teaspoons of basil. So that's it. It's lots of green stuff. And then I'm going to add the turkey. And then this is where you get your hands dirty. You just reach in and start mushing it up. You never want to overwork protein because then it can tend to get a little bit tough. So just really kind of squish and pick it up and fold it over until you get it all incorporated. You can make the same recipe with really any sort of meat, whether it's beef or maybe ground chicken breast. I actually prefer lean ground chicken breast but it's actually it's really hard to find not every butcher makes it or every grocery store offers it. It's looking pretty good. Now I've already prepped my pan. I covered it in foil because this can get pretty messy. The zucchini adds a lot of liquid so sometimes it gets a little runny. You can make these on the grill if you prefer but for me the broiler is just easy clean up so that's why I like it. And now I just need to form these into patties. I get about a palm full. And you want to aim for maybe about four or five ounces. This whole recipe makes about nine to ten burgers. This is actually a really great low carb option. So zucchini is a carb but there's very few carbs in them. This recipe is also really versatile. Instead of burgers you can make them into meatballs and put them on spaghetti squash and there's another low carb option for me spaghetti squash is a life saver whenever I'm sort of in that low carb phase and something like this makes me think that or makes me feel like I'm having spaghetti. Also using the grater to grate up your vegetables and things like that and not only does it add moisture to your lean meats but it adds more volume. So even though it seems like maybe you're like for instance if you're having a party or something and you've got to make your dollar stretch you can add lots of great vegetables to things and it'll actually create more food. So the more zucchini I would have grate up if I only had two pounds of turkey it actually might make more patties. So it looks like I'm done and I'm gonna rinse my hands off. Okay, now I've just gotta get them in the oven. With their broiler you're actually gonna treat it just like a grill and this one I usually like to do about seven or eight minutes on each side depending on how hot your oven is. I'm gonna set mine for seven minutes and then we'll open it flip them over and do seven minutes more. Okay we flip the burgers and it's been seven minutes on one side and now seven minutes on the other let's get them out. So you always want to make sure it's done so we'll just kind of poke into one and peak. No pink inside they're really juicy so that's good sign and then I guess we'll just put one together you can eat them by themselves if you're doing the low carb thing or another option is to use is the gill buns or any kind of bread you really want but I prefer these. They are only made from sprouted grains so if you look at the ingredients there's nothing artificial in them you can only find them in the freezer section these are buns these are an English muffin which is another option and then you've also got just the bread so different ones have different calorie counts I think I'm gonna go for an English muffin. You can toast it you can leave them soft whatever you'd like and leave them soft. So I've got my bun ready I'm gonna slice up tomato. Down a few slices a little bit of lettuce. And then whatever condiments you want to put on this ketchup works or mustard might work. I like the ketchup this is the reduced sugar variety just make sure you get one that doesn't have high fructose corn syrup in it. So I'm gonna squeeze some of that on there I like quite a bit get a patty put that on there and then there's my burger it looks pretty good alright I'm gonna take a bite see if I can get my mouth on it. Alright for this recipe just check the link below you know if you want more recipes or articles you can find those at bodybuilding.com.