My name is James Grage, so I've done everything from personal training. I was an amateur bodybuilder. I worked in the magazine industry and the supplement side at in 2009 starting BPI Sports. I think my love for fitness. Some of it was ingrained in me. I think, you know, even going back to when I was a kid, I had a distinct advantage. At least for my generation, I grew up around health and fitness. My mother was very into health and fitness. I grew up around gyms. I grew up needing healthy. And so I grew up with these habits and they were ingrained in me. Hopefully when I was about, I guess I was 15 years old. I wanted to get a weight set for Christmas. And, yeah, I did everything to persuade my parents to buy that for me. And they surprised me on Christmas and they got me this jack-willing weight set. Set it up in the backyard. My buddies would come over and kind of try to throw together what we thought were workout routines. Really it was just doing bench press in the backyard. I was about all we knew. That jack-willing weight set was the beginning for me and kind of cool opportunity for me later on in my career. I was able to actually sit down with jack-willing. I was sitting in a restaurant in LA. I was buying myself. The restaurant was completely empty. I was the only person in there. This guy in his wife walks in. And he was really energetic and kind of commanded the room when he walked in. So I couldn't help it stare. So I was looking up at him. And he turned around and he caught me looking at him. This guy made a B-line right towards me. I had no idea what to expect. Didn't know who the guy was. He had sunglasses on and he walked right up to me and he grabbed me by the arm. He took off his sunglasses and he said, nice to meet you. I'm Jackal Lane. And at the time he took off his glasses and sent in and sent in and sent me a recognized and I said, you're Jackal Lane. He said, I just said I was Jackal Lane. He said, otherwise I would have said I was Richard Simmons. So he invited me over to the table to meet his wife and I sat down and I talked with him and had the opportunity to learn about what he believed in. And never been a celebrity that I was an author. But I was an author this guy because he was the father of the fitness industry. And so we were talking about the difference between a body-building lifestyle versus a health and fitness lifestyle. And this guy was 92 years old and he was fit. And he flexed his arm and still had a peek on his bicep and he was walking upright and he was energetic. And this was at 92 years old. At the end of the conversation I told him, I say, well, Jack, I said, I hope I look like you when I'm 92 and he said, son, he said, you'll be lucky if you live between 92. So I never really had any interest on a same body-building itself. I always loved health and fitness and I liked being in shape. I didn't have an interest in stepping on stage. It was something I'd read about in magazines, but that was about the extent of it. And I had a buddy mine who came into the gym one day and he said, hey, I'm doing the body-building show. And it's over in the Bay Area. He said, why don't you do it with me? Eventually, it's okay. I'll do it. I didn't win. I got third place, which it was a big show. So that was a pretty big accomplishment, but I got a taste of it and I'm very competitive. And so at that point I went back and now I went through and figured out, okay, well, what's the right training program? What's the right nutrition and I planned everything out. And so for those whatever it was, five, six months. I was diligent about it. And I was kind of cocky. I thought it was going to win. I was very prepared this time. And I didn't. I got second place. Well that was 1999. I wouldn't compete again until 2004. And that's because in 99, a couple months after that second body-building show, I got in a car accident. I'm very bad car accident that I was lucky he didn't take my life. So at that point all I had was my commitment, commitment to building myself back up and building everything in my life back up. But eventually I did compete again. I did in 2004 and I got that elusive first place. Living the fitness life-sauce different from me now. I'm not 20 anymore. I'm 39 years old. I've got a six-and-a-half-year-old son. I've got a nine-month-old daughter. I've got a wife. I've got a business that's very consuming. So it's not like it was when I was 22 and I had nothing better to do but go into the gym and just train hard and eat right and my expectations aren't really any different than they were 24 years ago just because I'm creeping up on 40 doesn't mean I give myself that easy out and say hey it's okay to be flabby now. I don't want to be. I still want to be in just as good as shape as I was back then. I just have to do it differently. It's just trying to figure out how to get the same result doing it in a different way. Yeah I would say that my training style sounds funny for me to say but I would say that my style probably is kind of a little bit old school or antiquated. Who knows maybe it'll come back in fashion here but I found a routine that works for me that I've been doing for a long time. I enjoy it. I get the results from it that I want. That's important. So my routine is I come in. I do a five-day split. I do a Monday through Friday. I'll do my cardio in the mornings and the afternoon I'll come in and I'll break up my workouts and I'll have my back day and I'll have my biceps at my chest day. I said it's a little bit old school but that's what I enjoy. I'll usually start off my week on Monday with a chest day. I'll have a bicep tricep day. I'll have a back day. I'll have a shoulders abs, calves day. As far as my reps I used to train a lot different than I do now. When I was younger I didn't have the injuries. I could come into the gym and just abuse my body and I would recover and and I would grow. Really at this point my life my biceps aren't going to get any bigger. My chest probably isn't going to get any bigger and that's not even my goal now. I like the way I look. I like the size I'm at. I like the string. Now it's just sustaining that. Doing it over a long period of time. So usually what I'll do is I'll come in. Everything on the low side is 10 reps. Typically I'll come in. I'll start with a set of 15 reps. Really get warmed up. I'll go down to 12 and I'll go down to 10. But like I said it's what I'm comfortable with. What my body's comfortable with. The progress is all in the recovery. So if I can't recover from it then it's pointless. If I were to take someone under my wing. If I were to be able to offer up something to someone day they want to learn how to get in shape or they want to learn what I know. It's not about what I know about training or what I know about nutrition. To me it's about how you apply it. It's how much part you show when you go into the gym. How hard. How hard do you push yourself? What's your ability to push yourself out of your comfort zone? And I think that's really one of the things that probably separates most people in the gym as far as getting results. And that could be said the same could hold true for even doing cardio. And not just going to the machine and sit there and talk or text while they're doing it, but going there and really dig into it and just sweat it out. That's where you're going to get the results. It's just like anything else in life. It's a hard work. And even that with the goal of flesh that out, what is your goal? Really find that dig into that and latch onto it. Find that goal, commit to it, and push yourself. I think that's probably what's made me successful in most things in my life. Yeah, the way I eat definitely falls in line with my training philosophy. It's all about longevity. It's all about the long term. I have, like I mentioned, I have two kids and I have a wife and I want to be around for a long time. I don't just want to be around a long time. I want to be able to enjoy that time with them. I think that just goes back to habits that I've developed over a lifetime. So to me, I don't consider it diet. I just consider it the way I eat. But I enjoy eating whole foods. I don't like a lot of processed food. For protein sources, I eat a lot of chicken. I'll eat a lot of turkey or fish. And maybe in the morning, it's egg whites. I like my oatmeal, brown rice or other grains. Maybe like in law. I like vegetables. Actually, in that sense, you don't really like vegetables. I eat them because because they're healthy and I know I should. And I'm trying to set a good example for my son. But, honestly, if I had my choice, I would eat vegetables. But I try to eat a well-rounded meal. Try to keep it to usually about four ingredients. If it's got more than four ingredients on the plate, then usually it's too much. So it's not like I'm on some sort of big organic kick. I just believe that whatever you put in your body does make a difference. So for me, it's eating food that's healthy, yet still tastes good. I don't feel like I'm sacrificing anything. But, absolutely, it's about a long-term goal as well, not just about right now. I think the most important thing is finding what works for you. There's not one cook-and-cutter diet that's going to work for everybody. Something could be very successful. It could be the best diet in the world, but if you can't maintain it and you don't like doing it, then it's not the right diet for you. I just try to keep it reasonably clean and then once a week or every other week, I'll go have a nice dinner with my wife and with my kids and order whatever I want off the menu. And usually it's still reasonably healthy, but something that I've been thinking about during the week, you know, have a craving for them. Maybe it's chicken pad tie, I don't know. It's not like it's bad for you. It doesn't follow that bodybuilding diet, but it doesn't straight too far from it either. As a parent, I take my job very serious. A lot of responsibility because you're responsible for shaping who these kids turn out to be as adults. I try to educate them on nutrition and health and fitness in general. I want them to grow up and maybe they'll be into it, maybe they won't, but at least they'll have that choice. They'll be able to make that choice for themselves. My supplements are pretty basic. I think it really comes down to what you're looking for. I like my amino acids. I like creatine, I like protein powder. Just like everything else. Just like I touch on with nutrition and with training. It's what suits you. There's some days where I'm dragging and I'm tired and I just, I need that little extra push. So I will take a pre-workout powder or maybe I'll even just take a fat burner 30 minutes before my workout. And that'll give me that little energy kick as well. Do I take them every day? No, not every day. I'm taking them on the days that I feel that I need it. I always take a creatine supplement, post-workout, always take a branching amino acid supplement. Been doing that for past 20 years. Way protein powders. I supplement my diet with that. So if I'm eating six, seven meals a day, a lot of times I'll get all the supplement that meal planned with protein powder. So maybe two of those meals through the day are with shakes. Or even if I'm having a whole food meal, say with my breakfast, I'll have egg whites and I'll have protein shake with that as well. And then if I'm trying to get in shape, trying to diet down for something, I'll definitely take a fat burner. I like to take mine first thing in the morning when I wake up. I don't drink coffee. So first thing, I'll take a fat burner with water. Hop in the car, go to the gym, do my cardio. By the time I get there, that fat burner is kicking in. It gives me the energy and it gives mental edge. I have taken different things that have worked for me. I've taken testosterone boosters and I definitely feel like I get an extra edge from it. I don't always take them. I'll rotate, rotate those in, maybe take it for six, eight weeks and won't take it for a couple months and then I'll get back on track and want to do it again. But pretty much unwavering, I'll always take those core supplements. Like I said, my supplement program varies depending on what my goal is. There's sometimes where I'm just kind of in that maintenance mode. Other times where I'm trying to really hone it in and trying to find tune my body. Maybe that's where I add in the fat burners and add in some different things. But it all for me comes down to quality. Whatever I put in my body, just like my food. It's the same thing with my supplements. I'm very particular about what I put in my body. I want to make sure that I'm taking the best of the best. The quality is there. The purity is there. I want to make sure that if I'm putting in something in my body that it's the best, I think there's two important things that people should do. One, go out and do a little bit of research. I just don't take someone's word for it. You're going to get a lot of different opinions. Maybe if you go into a supplement store, you're going to hear one person say one thing. Maybe the guy in the gym is going to say something else. Go inform yourself first. Maybe take some of their feedback. That's a great starting point. Now you've got everything at your disposal. Write it to your fingertips. You can find everything online. Anything that you want to know about supplements. But it all goes back to your goal too. First, you've got to look at your goal and be very clear about what your goal is. And then from there, you can figure out what supplements you need to help you achieve your goal. I like the same with some of the parts. It's never one thing. It's always the combination of things. It's the...infinness, it's the synergy between the fitness, the training, the nutrition, the supplementation. They all work together. People are always looking for the magic bullet and want one thing that's just going to fix their problem. And it's never that way. It's never that way with anything in life. So as far as how much emphasis do I put on supplementation, it's equal. It's a training, it's a nutrition, it's supplementation, and all three work together. So that's it for my training, nutrition and supplementation. For more information about me, you can find me on BodySpace, it's James Grage. Definitely there to answer any questions that you may have. That's really my main purpose for being on there is share my progress. And maybe hopefully inspire some other people's and other people's progress inspire me. For more information on training, nutrition, definitely BodyGloan.com. Videos, great resource for anyone that's looking to start a new program or maybe looking to find something new to keep them inspired and keeping them moving forward towards their fitness goals.