Hi, I'm Jamie Eason. And today I'm in the bodybuilding.com kitchen. Excited to show you how I make my cinnamon swirl protein bread. It's one of my favorite things to eat. I can use a snack or even as a meal because it's got your healthy carb and your healthy protein. So let's get started. First thing you're going to want to do is preheat your oven to 350 degrees. The next thing I did was I got my pan ready. This is a 8x8 inch pyrex dish. I just did a light little non-six spray and you can set that aside. And then I got all my ingredients together and for this I want a large bowl for my dry ingredients and a smaller bowl for my wet ingredients. So the first ingredient I'm using is oat flour. In a super market, this is what oat flour looks like. Now I'm often asked if this is gluten-free and oats typically are gluten-free but one thing to note is that unless it doesn't indicate it on the bag, you're never really sure if maybe it was cross-contaminated in processing. So for this one it doesn't indicate gluten-free but for the most part oats are but if you're concerned, be sure to look for that indication on a label. If you can't find the oats in the supermarket, you can actually make your own. You can use a coffee grinder and just grind a little bit at a time or you could use a blender. Just make sure to know that sometimes you can't get it as finely ground as what's in the package so you might have to increase the amount that you're using for the recipe. In this large bowl, I've added a cup and a half of the oat flour and to that I'm going to add a vanilla way protein. Now you can use whichever one you'd like. There's two scoops in here. Make sure to know that the different flavors from the different manufacturers will make them taste differently. So I like to use when it has its few ingredients in it as possible to cleaner the better. So I'm going to dump that into my oat flour and then to that I'm going to add my salt in my baking soda. Now if you use a leavening agent like baking soda or baking powder, you usually need salt because that makes it react. So I'm going to use a tablespoon of the baking soda and a half teaspoon of the salt add those in and then to this dry ingredient batter I'm going to actually add one fourth cup of stevia. This is what stevia looks like at the supermarket. Stevia is a great natural sweetener because it's no calorie and it has no carb but I don't typically use just stevia alone to sweeten my recipes because it can be kind of bitter. There's different brands of stevia, there's stevia and there's another brand called Truvia. Truvia is a great option too but it's typically more expensive. There's two sides to the stevia plant. This one tends to be slightly more bitter. It is cheaper and then the Truvia usually see it in packets or in a little tiny tub for baking. We're going to the cheap route today. So that's it for our dry ingredients. We do have these two other ingredients, these are the extra special ones that just make it extra yummy but we're going to use this later so I'm going to keep this aside and get my whisk and just mix this up really well. Make sure I get that baking powder all incorporated because sometimes if you don't it won't bake evenly. So I think that looks good. So I'm going to set that to the side and get this smaller bowl ready for my wedding ingredients. For the wedding ingredients we're going to need two egg whites. You can actually use a whole egg if you want to use a whole egg but I prefer to minimize the fat and pretty much any recipe if I can do that. And I'm a second egg. If you ever drop the yolk in there you can just use the same shell to fish it out. It comes right out. I've dropped plenty. And then to the eggs I'm going to add one jar of baby food apple sauce. Now you can use regular apple sauce but one of the reasons I like the baby food brand is there's typically no additives as long as you read the label. There's no additives and it's nice and portion controlled. So I'll open that, get all the good stuff off the top and then skip this out. But again just unsweetened apple sauce from the jar that works just as well. That's my additional sweetener. One of them to the stevia which actually will cut some of that bitterness. Next thing I'm going to add is going to be my yogurt. And I choose Greek yogurt because Greek yogurt actually has less sugar and it has added protein. So I only need a half a container of this. So I'm going to scoop that out. That's going to add some oyster to this bread. The baby food apple sauce and the yogurt actually replace the butter and oil in a traditional recipe. So I'll add that and then for a substitute for milk, I'm using my unsweetened almond breeze. Now almond breeze again I like this better than say soy or rice milk because it has again added protein. So it's just more nutritious and it's healthy fat. So I'll add that. I'm going to do about a cup and that's about it for my wet ingredients. Make sure I combine that really well. It's really a pretty simple recipe and it tastes really really good. Again, I want to my favorites. You can actually make this in either the 8x8 like we're going to do or you can do it in a traditional loaf pan. Now that I've mixed all the wet ingredients, I'm going to add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients. So I'll get my large bowl back and I want to get my little rubber spatula so I can get all of the wet ingredients out of there. It's really sweet the bowl. More moisture the better because then they'll be nice and moist and stay that way. Not get dried out. So I've added the wet to the dry and I'm going to mix that and let's see. You want it to be slightly runny because it needs to pour really easily so if it's too thick, you can always add a little bit more of the almond breeze or almond milk whichever brand you want to choose. All right, that looks pretty good. I'm always tempted to lick it but I won't because there's raw eggs in there. So I'm now going to set this to the side again because now I'm going to start using my special dry ingredients. Here I've got my cinnamon and I've got Zylatol. Now Zylatol is the other brand of sweetener that I like to use or the other type of sweetener because this one, even though it's no calorie, it actually has carbs. But it is far less bitter than something like stevia. So I find whenever I use both it kind of balances out that bitterness. So I'm going to add my cinnamon to the Zylatol. This is a third of a cup. You can use more or less. I just like my cinnamon's raw protein bed pretty sweet. And I'm going to add two or three teaspoons of cinnamon again. How much you like. I added three, I really, really like cinnamon. So I'll pour that in. I'm going to mix that up really well. Now Zylatol does tend to be a little more granular than traditional sugar and more granular than the stevia. But I think that's good because it actually helps sort of maintain that layer that we're trying to create in our protein bread. And also, I don't know if you know, but Zylatol is actually the same thing that's used in fluoride toothpaste. And it's actually good for your teeth. So imagine that, a sugar that's good for your teeth. So I think that's nice and mixed looks pretty good. So now I'm going to set these things aside, grab my pan. Now we'll start putting together our dessert. I'm going to pour a really shallow layer on the bottom of the pan and kind of spread that out. The thinner the better because if you pour half the batter, which seems like that should be fine, typically you're going to kind of miss that little cinnamon layer that's in between. So spread that out really well. That looks pretty good. And again, depending on your protein, the consistency of your batter might vary a little bit. So now I'm going to add my cinnamon Zylatol mixture. Cinnamon sugar will just call it that. It sounds better. And it's pretty heavy. I like to actually add more than half. So that's covered pretty well. Got about that much left. I guess for the top and that's what my middle looks like. So then I'm going to pour the rest of the batter on top and you just kind of want to do it where it's even, make sure you get it all covered and all right, that looks pretty good. So I'm going to spread that out. Then I'm just going to add the rest of the cinnamon sugar on top. The nice thing about this too is that it looks really pretty. And if you make it actually in the loaf pan, you can cut slices and actually use it to make in French toast, which is pretty good as well. So I'm going to take my knife now and to make a swirl, I'm going to draw my knife through the batter. Can you do it? However you want, just kind of make sure it's incorporated. I just kind of go back and forth a little bit. Now I'm going to put it in the oven that remember I preheated before at 350 degrees. Okay, it's been 24 minutes. Let's check our cinnamon protein bread. Now we're oven depending on the temperature, they kind of vary. Sometimes it's 24 minutes, sometimes it might be more like 30 minutes. So let's check and see how ours looks. Okay, it looks pretty good. I think now we've got to let it cool down for about 5 to 10 minutes before we can actually cut it into serving sizes. Okay, now I'm going to cut this into serving sizes. Let's see, I do about 3 cuts this way. And then 3 in the opposite direction. That should make 16 for your 8 by 8 inch pan. And about 2 squares really would be a serving size for a guy, get away with maybe 3 or even 4 if you really really want to indulge a guess. But 2 squares is going to have just around 100 calories. And it's about 8 or so grams of protein about 8 carbs. It just depends on the type of protein that you decide to use. So it looks pretty good. You can see the little, hopefully you can kind of see the little layer of cinnamon in there. It's a little harder to see here because it's my cutting skills report. But let's see what it tastes like. Just for you again. You're going to want to make sure you store these in the refrigerator. There's no artificial flavors or preservatives. And also, if you want to see how I packed these to take them with me when I travel, check out the Pumpkin Protein Bar video. And for this recipe, check the bottom of the page. For even more of my recipes and articles, check out bodybuilding.com.