Hi, I'm Jamie Eason and I'm in thebodybuilding.com kitchen today. I'm going to make one of my favorite things to make, which are my carrot cake protein bars. To make these, we're going to need two bowls. We need a large bowl and a smaller bowl. Our large bowl is going to be for our dry ingredients and our smaller bowls are wet ones. We're going to put that to the side for now and start with our dry ingredients. First ingredient you need is oat flour. You can find it in the healthy section at your grocery store or if you're unable to find it, it's essentially just ground up oatmeal. I suggest you use the quick cooking oats because they're a little bit easier to grind. But if you use it, you can do it in a blender. You can't typically get it as fine as they do in the store. So you want to make sure you do a little bit extra to make up for the density that you're losing. This is about a cup and then you're going to do maybe about a cup and a quarter for the other oatmeal. Or even a cup and a half sometimes. We'll dump in the cup of oat flour and then to the oat flour, I'm adding two scoops of a protein. You can use any protein that you like but I will tell you this. It will change the flavor of them if you don't have a good quality protein. I always look for one that just has that's lactose-free. I do low sugar, low carb, low calorie. And most of the time, just clean up ingredients as I can get, but here's two scoops. And you use the scoops measure out of the container. And then the next ingredient, I'm going to add will be my cinnamon. And I'm going to do two heaping teaspoons of cinnamon. You can really never have enough cinnamon. So add that. Cinnamon's really good for you so you can add as much as you want. It's really taste. And then we're going to do an eighth of a teaspoon of all spice. And an eighth of a teaspoon of nutmeg. I'm going to get it all in there, because that's the good spicy stuff. Now I'm going to show you a quick, my measuring spoons have an eighth of a teaspoon. But a lot of people, you won't be able to find that. Here's the fourth of a teaspoon. You're just going to have to get really good at kind of measuring half full. And you can still, you know, manage to do your eighth of a teaspoon. So then the next ingredient we're going to add is our baking soda. Baking soda is what makes the cake rise. So we're doing about a half of a teaspoon of baking soda. Again, I'm going to get it all in there. And then we're going to do about a fourth of a teaspoon of salt. The salt will make the baking soda react. So there's all of our dry ingredients. We want to incorporate all that. Mix it together really well. Make sure you stir these really well. Anytime you add a leavening agent like a baking soda or baking powder, if it's not mixed in really well, you can actually taste it. And it's not a very good taste. So, okay, there's our dry ingredients. Now I'm going to set this aside and we're going to do our wedding ingredients. And for our wedding ingredients, you're going to need four egg whites. I have number two. It seemed to be getting some eggshell in here, so I'm going to fish that out. Number three. And you can use liquid egg whites if you prefer. It's a little bit easier, but make sure that when you look at the cart, to see what four egg whites equals two, do a little bit less because it tends to be a little more liquidy. And number four. Okay, so we've got all our eggs in there. The next ingredient that I'm going to add to the egg whites is our sweetener. Now you can add any sweetener that you want. I chose Splendid today, but I've made these with a stevia, like ingredient like trivia. Some people prefer something natural, like a govine nectar. I've even tried before, if you've ever heard of it, it's called Succa-Naut. It's a, um, something's supposed to be a two-flight brown sugar, but it's very, very natural, so it's really granular. And you really have to mix like crazy to incorporate it. But, um, for the easy convenient sort of thing that I like to use Splendid, this is a half a cup. And I'm going to mix those together. Now I've even made these with no sweetener and just used the natural sweetness of the carrot. And it's good, too. It just tastes, um, it tastes just more like straight spice, but I think that way it tastes pretty good, too. So if you don't like Splendid, all there's always that option. Okay, now that we have that mixed together, we're going to put in our carrots. And these are baby food carrots. You can actually do shredded carrots if you'd like, but, um, honestly, they don't seem to give you the moisture that you need for this recipe, and I think they tend to be, um, it's going to make it fall apart a little bit. So you can do it however you'd like, but I think these work great. So I'm going to scoop all this off the top. Chaining these this whole spoon. And as I mentioned before, carrots have some natural sugar in them. I'm going to use them too. So these look like they have about five grams of sugar. Look at different ones. Like, there's one that I have at home that only has three grams of sugar in it. So the less sugar the better, but this is going to make 16 squares. We're using an eight by eight inch pyrachs dish. It's going to make 16 squares. So you really aren't going to get very much sugar at all. So that would be 10 grams of sugar and then divided by 16 at less than a gram. So add the second jar. Now the next step that I'm going to do is optional, but it's something that I've always done because I like my really moist. So you can either add some almond breads or you can just add water, which is what I knew. I add a little bit of water. What I like to do is just take my baby food jar and actually fill up the baby food jar with water. Kind of turn it a little bit. Get all the good carrots off there. And it doesn't matter if it's hot cold or whatever, but there are eggs in here. So don't make it do do hot or it'll cook your eggs. So before that in, set those to the side for recycling. And then stir this up. And now this recipe, too. You can change the flavor of the baby food and the flavor of the spices and make all sorts of flavors. We're going to probably do some on future shows here. So, but for now, these carrot ones. But do know this. If you make chocolate or anything where it changes the flavor of them ever, you still want to use your vanilla protein. Because that's always going to be your good base and then you add the flavor in other places. So now I'm going to add my wedding ingredients, two major iron ingredients. Just scrape it all out. Again, you want as much moisture as possible. So use a spatula like these little nifty rubber ones. Okay, we got that all in there. And I'm going to mix this together. Now earlier, I preheated my oven to 350 degrees. So it should be about ready for us. It looks like it is. Okay, got this all mixed together. I want to lick it because it tastes pretty good, but I won't. So, and then we're going to take our pyrex dish. You do want to opt for the glass because the glass will keep it from baking too quickly. But you can just as easily use the aluminum one. You just probably want to cut back on your cooking time of it. So now I'm going to spray it with my nonstick butter spray. Just lightly. And a little tip when you're baking and you spray stuff on your nice dishes. Try to use something like a towel or even a paper towel and wipe around the edges. Because if you don't, this stuff will gunk up and over time your pan will get old really quickly. So I always like to clean it up a little bit. And then I'm going to pour this in. And scrape it all out. Once you get it all in there, it should look about like that. And it's ready for the oven. So we're going to put this in the oven. And now oven cooking time is really very depends on your altitude. It depends on how new or older oven is too. So I'm going to put that in there. And typically, I mean, you can bake these anywhere from 20 to 30 minutes, just depending on your oven. So I'm going to put these in for about 22 minutes and then check it. So turn a timer on. And then when we're done, we'll have our carrot cake bars. See, we'll turn this off. Looks pretty good. To come out. I'm not directly on the hot counter. All right. It looks pretty good. I checked it with a toothpick earlier. We'll do it one more time. It came out clean. So think they're ready to go. When you're going to actually serve these, want to make sure they're cool. And if you actually heat them up, they're really good warm. But when you're traveling and stuff, they're good cold too. But you're going to make three slices this way and three slices this way. And it'll give you 16 squares. Thank you for watching BodyBilly.com. Please come back often for more recipes. Thank you. Thank you.