Hi, I'm Jamie Eason and welcome to my 12 week trainer. As a fitness professional and bodybuilding and got comespoke model, I'm often asked, how do I get in shape, how can I improve my muscle tone and how can I look more like you? I always try to offer answers and encouragement and love any opportunity to help people with their fitness and nutrition goals, but it's always been limited to one-on-one interaction. That is until now. I'm excited to say I have teamed up with bodybuilding.com to offer you for the first time, a comprehensive program, using my own personal approach and philosophy for fitness and nutrition. Together with some of the most talented professionals in the business like Jimmy Pena and Michelle Burnin-Lessor, I've come up with one great program, my 12 week trainer. This unique program will work for anyone of any age, any sex, and from any walk of life. It will produce great short-term results and lead to lasting success for everyone. You're all starting from a unique place, no one has perfectly match genetics, metabolism, hormones or lifestyles, but the same training diet and supplement principles work for nearly everyone. I'm proud to say that I've had tremendous success with putting people through this program, even my own family transformed. My parents supported one another just as I hope many of you will and successfully transformed their bodies in just three short months. My mom went from a size 8 to a 2, and my father went from a 35 to a 30 inch waist and in six years they have not regained any of the way. This program teaches you a manageable and realistic approach that if followed correctly, can and will give you lasting results. My brother who's just a year older than myself was the first to try out my program. Just as most siblings do, he'd rid me and poke front of my hobbies and how I was so focused on my fitness routine, but once he saw me on that stage for the first time, he quickly had a change in attitude. My brother has a busy life running a business and lettuce fitness and nutrition slip over the years. I shared this program within doubtful that he'd do it and in just a few months I was shocked to see the transformation because he'd not only sling down considerably, but added serious muscle definition. Everyone in my family looked years younger and such a short time. Needless to say, all their friends were intrigued and became interested in the program. The key to this program success lies in its balanced approach. The three four week phases you'll be cycling through each container complete program for training, nutrition and supplementation, and I'll be with you every step of the way. These components are all designed to work together helping you achieve your best results. Just remember the phrase three by three, three components training, nutrition and supplementation. Each phase builds systematically on its predecessors so your body progresses without injury, overtreating, or boredom setting in. Let me quickly break down the phases for you. They're simple but effective. In phase one, we're going to boost your metabolism. That term gets thrown around a lot but it simply refers to the rate at which your body burns calories. To burn the most in the least amount of time, I need you to build some muscle tissue. You can't sculpt what you don't have, right? That means you'll begin training with weights six days a week and you'll eat more frequently throughout the day, cutting out four through choices and replacing them with nutritious ones. I'll also make specific supplement recommendations that can help you reach your goals. You'll feel healthier and more energetic in a matter of days. By the end of this phase, you'll start to see positive changes in your physique. What you won't do is bulk up with too much muscle. So let's alleviate that fear right now. Guys get big because of their testosterone, no need for you women to ever worry about that. In phase two of my 12 week program, you'll continue to live weight six days a week, but you'll also incorporate cardiovascular exercise burning more calories in fat and uncovering some of the muscle you built in phase one. You'll continue to eat healthy and your new body will start to take shape. You'll also change your supplementation slightly to support the other changes in the program. Phase three is the home stretch. Here you'll give it your all and intensify your workouts with intervals and plyometrics, manipulating your diet to rev up the fat burning, really buckling you'll lose a ton of body fat and you'll get into your best shape ever. Don't feel like you need to go at alone. I'm here's your guide and I'll be doing the program right along with you. I encourage you to find someone or group to do this transformation with. The number one thing with any program like this is compliant. Being able to stick with the 12 weeks, pairing up or joining your group creates a sense of support and accountability. If you know somebody's waiting for you at the gym, you're going to be less likely not to show. That'll help you stick with the program. So if you're ready to commit to a program that is proven time and again to work on people of all ages, shapes and life styles, let's get started. You're next. You're only 12 weeks away from getting the physique you've struggled in the past to achieve.