Hi, I'm Jamie Easton and today we're in the bodybuilding.com kitchen. We're going to make my sugar-free pumpkin spice pancakes. We're going to need two bowls, a large bowl and a smaller bowl. We'll use the large bowl first. We're going to put all of our dry ingredients in the large bowl. We're going to start with oat flour which is essentially just ground oatmeal. You can get it in the health food section or you can grind your own. If you do your own, it's hard to get it so fine so you want to make sure that you use a little bit extra. This is a cup and a half. We're going to add a little bit of sweetener to it. It's a pumpkin spice pancake so it shouldn't be overly sweet. You can add syrup and stuff at the end. This is just two tablespoons of Splenda. We've got our baking powder which is about a tablespoon of baking powder. A bit of salt. This is a fourth of a teaspoon of salt. Our spices we're going to have two tablespoons of cinnamon. Let's see a fourth of a teaspoon of all spice and a fourth of a teaspoon of nutmeg. Those are all of our dry ingredients. You want to whisk those together. Just until it's all incorporated. Okay, it looks good. Then we're going to trade it out and I'm going to use my medium-sized bowl here for the wedding beans. We're going to need four egg whites. Look at this. Make sure you don't get me eggshell in there. I got a little piece of egg shell in there but it's easy to fish out. I use this one to fish it out. There we go. Then we put in our egg whites. You rinse my fingers off a little bit. We're going to add a half a cup of pumpkin. That's where the pumpkin spice pancakes can be used. You can use real pumpkin if you want to, which to me is a lot of work. I like to just buy the canned pumpkin but make sure that when you're buying the canned pumpkin that you're not getting the pumpkin pie mix. That's loaded with sugar. This is just raw pumpkin. Just basic raw pumpkin. So let's move it all into the bowl. Again, we're going to whisk that together with the eggs. Make sure you mix it up really well because it'll get a little bit lumpy and you don't really want to be able to see any of the clear part of the eggs. That looks pretty good. Our last wet ingredient, just going to leave the whisk there, is going to be almond breeze which is actually just almond milk. You can use any brand that you'd like but this one is a unsweetened version which is what I like because I don't want to add any extra sugar. Now almond milk comes from just compressed almonds. It's got some healthy fat in it but it's definitely really good for you to add a little bit of protein. There's 40 calories for a half cup. So we are going to add a cup and a half and this little scooper I'm using or measuring scoop is a half cup so I'm going to do three of these. Now depending on the consistency of pancakes that you like, you can just do a cup. You can do a little less, a little more, however you want to do it. Sometimes if you add a little less, even once you've incorporated the wet into the dry, you can still add a little bit of liquid. There's really no rule there. Just back together. Now we're going to add our wet ingredients to our dry ingredients. Bring this whole back, pour the wet in and scoop all the good stuff out. Okay, then mix this together. And I've preheated my griddle over here. You can use just a frying pan kind of pan. If you have a griddle it's great because you can do a lot more at once and that's about right. Alright, now I'm going to spray my griddle with a little bit of non-stick butter spray. Okay, and I like to use my one fourth scooper to get the batter out because I find it makes all my pancakes more uniform and just easier to kind of control where the batter goes. I'm going to spread it out. This should make about 10 pancakes. Okay, because we're doing pretty good. Trying to get them all down there so I can flip them all about the same time. A lot of times they say watch with little bubbles to see when you're supposed to flip it. But for this you just kind of have to be patient. Usually a pancake takes anywhere from 3 to 5 minutes on your side. When we're done we're going to use our sugar free syrup. There's lots of brands out there. You just want to make sure in your ingredients that you're not using one that's loaded with a ton of different additives. This one's made with super low, which is just splendid again. But if you don't want to do an artificial sweetener like that you can do pure-aid like fruit, you can put peanut butter on some of them which is pretty good or you can actually just use whole fruit. That's it. So please come back next time and check out bodybuilding.com for more recipes.