Hi, I'm Jamie Eason and today we're in the kitchen at Bodybuilding.com and I'm going to show you how I make my chocolate protein bars. For this recipe, you're going to need two bowls. I've got a larger one and a medium size bowl. First, we're going to use the large bowl and I'm going to assemble the dry ingredients. First thing you need is a cup of oat flour. Oflour is just essentially ground up oat meal. You can make your own. You can buy it if you're going to store in the health section. This is about a cup. If you make your own, be sure to use the quick cooking version and be sure to add a little more than just a cup. Probably a cup and a half-tab in two cups and that'll, it's not quite as fine as this version. So you'll need a little bit more whole put that in. The next ingredient would be the vanilla way protein. You can choose any kind that you like. Just make sure you look for a low carb, low sugar, low calorie and I like to do the lactose free. So this is two scoops. I'm going to put that in. And then our next ingredient is a half a teaspoon of baking soda. Baking soda will make our protein bar rise. It makes it a little bit more of a cake consistency than like a dense bar. And then we're going to do a fourth of a teaspoon of salt that'll make the baking soda react. And then the chocolate. You may notice that I used vanilla-pricing powder instead of using chocolate. For some reason, the additives in the chocolate version actually don't bake up very well. So but the vanilla seems to be fine. So I up to use the actual baking cocoa instead. This is three tablespoons. Now yes, chocolate does have some fad in it. But if you ever look at the ingredients in the baking cocoa, it's actually only a half a gram of fat per tablespoon. So this is three. So you're only looking at a gram and a half of fat for some really good flavor. So we've got that in there. Now I'm going to just mix up these dry ingredients. Whoops. Like that. Alright, there's our dry ingredients set this aside. And now we're going to use our medium bowl and we're going to assemble the wet ingredients. And now we've got four egg whites. You're going to separate the yolk from the egg. You can toss it. You can save it for later, whatever you want to do with it. Number two. You can always add more eggs to your bar if you want more protein or you can take them away. But the more eggs that you have in your bars, the more kind of gummy-like fill-in up, so don't do too too many for to me as about the right amount. You can add more protein powder as well. And number four. Alright, so we've got our eggs in there. I want to if you choose liquid egg whites because you're not so good at separating eggs or it's just easier. Be sure to not put in the equivalent of four eggs because it'll actually be too runny. You want to do more like three eggs. Okay. Next thing we're going to do is we're going to add the sweetener to our egg whites. And do know that cocoa is not sweet whatsoever, so it's actually kind of bitter until you add a sweetener. I'm choosing to use a half a cup of splinta. You can use any sweetener of your choice. If you use something like trivia, just know it adds more carbs. Like one packet of trivia is three grams of more three grams of carbs. And I think in that version I actually did like 16. So that's a considerable amount of additional carbs. Okay. When a mix it tilts a little frothy, looks about right. Okay, and to this we are going to add baby food. Now this is apple, I think it's apple blueberry baby food. So you can use any sort of berry, any berry will enhance the flavor of chocolate. It's going to peel this back. And this comes in a pack, but you can use the glass jar version as well. See, let's peel this off. I'm going to get the good stuff off the lid too. But this is going to replace the oil and butter in our recipe. So we'll pour those in. I've done these using apple. I've done these using the blueberry. There's apple blackberry. There's apple cherry. There's all kinds of good baby food choices. So here's number two. See, I can get the lid off here. Okay, we're going to dump this one in. Now depending on how moist you want them, you can stop there. Or for me, I like to add even a little additional water. You can do an almond milk if you want, but really it doesn't change the flavor and water has no carbs and no sugar, no calories. So I just add a little bit. I use the same container. Don't do hot water. Because we've got eggs in here, the last thing you want to do is scramble your eggs. So pour those in. We're going to mix that up really well. And I've already at this point preheated my oven to 350 degrees. So it should be ready to go. We're just going to add these wedding ingredients to the dry ingredients. Get out all of the moisture from the bowl. This point is smells like baby food, it's not too great, but after I mix in this chocolate, it'll be much better. So you can see it comes together pretty easily. Okay, now we need to prep our pie rest dish. I recommend using a glass pie rest dish. There are aluminum versions, but it gets considerably hotter and actually your cakes or your protein bars will end up cooking a little bit too quickly. So if you like them all done, you can use that. I'm going to spray it with a nonstick butter spray. Add in the dish, scrape it all out. This point now, it really smells like chocolate. All right. And then 8x8 inch pie rest dish, you'll cut it into 16 squares. Now, usually a serving size is about to the 16. So we're going to put it in our 350 degree oven and all oven temperature is very. So I recommend baking them anywhere from 20 to 30 minutes. So I'm going to kind of split the difference in due to 25. And now we just wait and see how they turned out. So we'll check them out in a little while. Okay, time is going off. Let's see. We're going to time. Let's check these out so you're done. We got a little toothpick here. Looks so pretty good. I think they're about done. So it's snow pretty good. So once you take them out of the oven, you want to make sure you let them cool completely. So you can then cut them into 16 squares. You just make three slices of one direction and three slices in the other. You can pack them up and take them with you when you're out and about they're really yummy and good option. Thanks for joining me today in the bodybuilding.com kitchen. I hope you enjoy the chocolate protein bars and I hope you'll come back next time for anotherexp.