Hi, my name is Jamie Eason, I'm the official female spokesmodel at bodybuilding.com. I'm also an oxygen columnist and you may have seen me on a couple of magazine covers before. I'm actually aiming to get my 50th one this year, which will be a pretty big milestone for me. I'd like to share with you today how I maintain my physique, how I got to where I am and share with you some of my nutrition, my training and my supplementation. How are you the most commonly asked question I get is how I stay in shape around. I think a lot of women do the competition scene and that's where I started and I had a great time with it. It actually taught me to be disciplined and had a kind of stick with a program. That was good for helping me stay focused, learn what it took, give me the confidence that I knew what it took. But then I had to sort of make that work for everyday life. I couldn't do this really hard pour, really easy, really hard pour. It was brutal on my body, I could see the O.O. The other thing is it's just not, it's not going to be just what my goals were, which is I wanted to do the modeling and I wanted to be able to work full time instead of just on occasion when I was in shape. I haven't competed in years and really there is a noticeable difference in my physique. I've actually lost some fives, not a considerable amount, it's funny like the tighter that you get in the more full you get. People think you're so much bigger but I think I weighed 96 pounds then and I weigh 100 to 6 pounds now. It's just the muscle to the body fat ratio is a little different and magazine's actually per per a slightly more attainable look. I always wanted to be consistent so I just found a place where my body was comfortable and I could keep it there all the time and it wouldn't bite me. But all that had to do with making sure that I got the training and the eating downpads. So I had to learn to balance calories so lift heavier for the most part than what the most women would think and also to eat enough. And people are always on this perpetual cycle of cardio but for me I've learned to balance the training and the diet so that I can minimize the cardio which I can. Traveling is brutal. That's probably one of my biggest challenges with my whole lifestyle. I just plan ahead. I plan a lot. I've figured out little sort of routines that I can do on the road. A lot of plyometrics, a lot of running which I hate running but I've just kind of learned that I had just had to do with the available. The hardest part of traveling is just you don't know where you're going to end up. You don't know if they'll have a fridge. You don't know if there's a gym nearby. So it's just a lot of prep and planning. Now that I've told you a little bit more about me and about how I stay in shape 365 days a year. Now I want to get a little more specific and share with you what I exactly I do for my training, my nutrition and my supplementation. But first let's tackle my methods on training. Well I'm limited on time typically so I like to do what I call training for my weaknesses. Everybody seems to have one body part that sort of excels naturally better than everything else. You have that lagging body part. Minds my whole lower body so always make sure and try to hit that at least twice a week. And everything else, if I can only get in the gym once I'll even combine everything. But if you have the luxury of time, I always say you can ever train your back and your shoulders too much and of course my lower body. So my arms, everything else seems to respond fairly easily so I can get those in my pushing full emotions and not really have to specifically focus on those. I always recommend people when they start out to kind of do what I did which is I worked out six days a week with one day off. For beginner that that may seem like a whole lot but I was really committed and I had my heart set on exactly what I wanted to look like which was a really lean tone to the. I tried really hard to focus on one body group a day, one major muscle group a day and I felt like that that allowed me to put all the food energy and all the energy I had into growing that one particular muscle. And so if I could do that throughout the week you know every muscle got the attention that it deserved you know and so as long as I was keeping up my sleeping my healthy eating you know stuff like that over time you just start growing it. It really only took me probably six to eight months to drastically transform from about 28% body fat which is where I started to. I believe that stepped on stage for the first time at nine percent. I was a little too lean I wouldn't even recommend that because because I actually looked what's called stringing which is your muscles don't get as full I overtrees. Exercise is a paradox it's good for you and it's bad for you because it breaks down muscle it releases free radicals in your body it it you know it does some harm so that's why we use the supplements for you. That's why we eat right that's why we sleep so we can allow the body to turn your cover. I'm what I would probably call a hard gainer because I'm so little being really petite it's hard for me to gain and be like real quality size. I would probably have to eat like crazy crazy and I already keep my calories pretty high so I tend to lift heavier and I tend to lift in a lower rep range so. Like my lower body I know that I want to grow it so I'll lift pretty heavy. I'll do a lot of drops that sell you a lot of super setting. But I'll do heavier weight and just less reps and then straight into another exercise just to kind of hit it in a different way. When there's time that I want to get in shape for something whether it's the lake a wedding you know go hang out on the water or a photoshoot. I'll really kick up the intensity I start doing higher reps and sets. I'll do a lot of plyometrics. I never do long extended periods of cardio ever I feel like it really kind of eats away the muscle on my body's height. So I always recommend people do like interval training like maybe instead of resting in between a set you have a jump rope and you do some you know revolutions of your jump rope or maybe you're doing plyometrics or something like that. But I also like sprints. I'll just go outside and I'll sprint land post. But when walk one because my travel schedule is so hectic I don't really plan a rest day. I just I let things happen and I just make sure I don't miss out on any of the fun things and take a complete day off to go do something you know. Cool and exciting so I have a life outside of this and then just get right back on my program. Now that I've shared with you some of my methods on training you can get my full program down below and now let's move on to nutrition. So the first thing I recommend is make sure you're keeping a food log so that you can make sure you're not under eating or overeating and sort of find where those calories you know could be. You can you can eat it on a higher end sometimes when you're training harder and a lower end when you're training lower. I tell pretty much everybody that I really really strongly believe in in meal spacing like time in your meals and even in intervals throughout the day. Some people do that every two hours every three hours every four hours. I personally do about every three hours. I just find that the reason they do this really is so that you can have a stay and energy throughout the day. You don't have peaks and valleys and you're not going long long periods without eating. So it keeps your blood sugar stable. It keeps your mind alert and basically it keeps your body fed and energized. So you won't binge. You won't feel like you know you're having a horrible off of cravings. Well if you eat on a schedule your body trusted is going to get fed. So over time you quit you know craving you quit your your taste for things change. It starts releasing fat when you actually exercise because it's less than 10 to get fed so it's not hoarding that food for energy. If I wake up you know pretty early all always get in six meals but I tell most women to at least aim for about five. I think that's realistic. So every three hours you know pretty much all of us are awake that long. I actually keep my protein intake pretty consistent throughout. I find like what I do more than manipulate carbs when I want to grow or whenever I want to lean out. So if I want to grow I usually add a little bit more carbs especially after training. If you take in carbs then it acts like a broom to sort of sweep the protein up into the muscles which is when you even need it to mess. That's why some people do the little tricks with simple sugars and women love fruits. I don't really eat much fruit but if I'm going to eat it that would be a good time to eat it because the fructose in the fruit is what's going to allow the protein to be swept up. One of my favorite hobbies is just being in the kitchen. It's like the stressing and I sort of just put my total focus in that. I crank up music and I just kind of do my thing in the kitchen but necessity is the mother of invention. You know I had to figure it out and I could not eat boiled chicken and broccoli. You know I have a sweet tooth. I have a massive sweet tooth so I figured there's got to be a way to make something taste good. So I started experimenting with baby food. I looked at the jars and they're one of the few foods on the shelf that's prepackaged convenient. I could just open it and dump it in and it's doesn't have a ton of preservatives because it's for a baby. So I thought okay I'm not eating that straight out of the jar. So I just started mixing it and playing with it and I came up with several protein bar variations that I love and I packed them with me everywhere. They're staple in my diet all the time. Some of my go-to I guess staple meals I've shared with bodybuilding.com. So you can find them on the site. I've got my lemon protein bars, my chocolate protein bars, my carrot protein bars. I also do turkey zucchini burgers, I do meatloaf muffins. I think that's really convenient. It's mostly lean protein is pretty dry but if you cook it in a muffin tin those vegetables and everything that's in the meatloaf will really keep it more moisture and retain moisture. And there conveniently packages and like a perfect portion size. So again everything is just really making a ton and having a ton of good options ready on the end. Most of it reads as well. So and I'm going to add more to the site. I've got my cinnamon swirl protein bread which is a big hit. It's good on its own which you can slice it and make crunchy toast out of it too. So it's pretty good. I hate hearing the words snacks. I believe in meals all throughout the day. You know it's it can be I guess you can call it a snack if you wanted to call it a snack. But really when again when it's clean and processed kind of foods you can eat some substantial amount throughout the day and still stay in that calorie range. Well I don't believe in cheap meals because I think they're a slippery slope. Like for me personally if I eat a little bit I suddenly develop this taste for it like a craving for it. And I've got some pretty good willpower but not always. And so I just realized that there's too many instances in life where you just get out of your control anyway. Whether you're traveling you've got a wedding to go to birthday and you just want to be in the moment. Anyone enjoy it with your friends and you know the people around you. Now that I've shared with you some of my systems and techniques for nutrition you can check out my meal plan down below. And now let's move on to supplementation. Well supplements to me are exactly that there's supplementation. You know one of my favorite things about bodybuilding.com is even though we sell supplements for we've packed what we've got. We've packed what we've reached we all eat healthy and exercise first. And those are actually in addition to your workout plan. You know I've seen it a million times. Somebody will go into a store or online and they buy 300 dollars with supplements. But they're not even eating right or working out right. And we want you to be successful. So this is why we share these tips with you so that you'll figure it all out and buy the supplements that you actually eat. You know I'm in my 30s and so I've noticed like for me especially recovery partners. So supplements will help with that convenience. You know I travel a lot so protein powders are good for that. There's just certain things that definitely fit what I would need as a woman whether it's for a home or a mental health, whether it's for weight training. Depending on what your you know your personal needs are going to depend on what supplement you might choose. Well I would always recommend a multi vitamin for everybody. You know when you when you start any sort of working out or cleaning especially when you start cleaning. You tend to you tend to go a little extreme at first because you really want to be committed you're all in and everything. Sometimes you cut out a lot of food groups and when you do that you're missing out on some nutrition. So the vitamins they'll fill in those gaps and when you're weight training too you want to always make sure you have added calcium because it's you know it's weight bearing activity on your bones is can be pretty hard. Another one that I always recommend is a protein powder. I think it's always great for convenience. There's a little window of time that you work out when your muscles are most receptive to you know taking in the protein and actually using the protein. And then the other one I would recommend is branched to an amino acids. You know it's it's not something probably women would think of all the time but again my goal specifically is to make sure that I look lean and tone. And branched to an amino acids for me are like my insurance. There are the building blocks of protein and of course I'm taking my protein powder and I'm eating protein and stuff like that. So I just make sure I take them in I drink them before during an after I train there's in my water so. So those are my favorites so the ones I always take. A long time ago when I first started this I really didn't understand the value of supplementation. I really thought well if I'm eating really good quality food all the time you know there's I'm getting everything I possibly need you know your body makes. I'm not eating all the things naturally but I'm an anxious person by nature you know I stress out quite a bit. Also when when my food when I'm buying it or even when I'm cooking it I don't know how I'm changing it. I don't know where it started out what farm it was on how it got to me and stuff like that. So there's all these unknown factors that make me feel a lot better whenever I know if I'm getting a good quality supplement that I'm filling in all the gaps that in that possible you know. Any holes in my nutrition and and I've been able to tell a supplement has been invaluable in my training when you when you train is often and as hard as you know a real athlete showed or or if that's what your real bowl is. Thurn necessity. Now that you know my approach supplementation you can check out my recommended supplementation program below. If you'd like to ask me any questions you can find me on body space my username is Jamie Eason and for more information like this you should check out bodybuilding.com. Thank you.