Hi, I'm Jamie Houston. I'm in the bodybuilding.com kitchen and I'm going to show you today how I make my lemon protein bars. I'm going to need two large bowls. One really big one in a medium size bowl. In the large bowl, we're going to put in our dry ingredients. Right here, I have a cup of oat flour. It's just ground up oatmeal. You can buy it at the grocery store in the healthy section, but if you don't have it, you can actually grind up your own and the blender. I would recommend using the quick cooking version. It tends to be less chewy and easier to grind up. But do know that this gets really fine. It's kind of hard to get it as fine in your own blender. So you might need a little more than a cup, maybe like a cup and three quarters or cup and a half. So, just a cup. Then we've got two scoops of vanilla way protein. You can use any version that you want. I always just look for low-shoulder, low-carb, lower calories and as clean as possible, I usually do lack toast free that kind of thing. But it's two scoops. And then we've got a fourth of a teaspoon of salt and a half of a teaspoon of baking soda. The salt will help the baking soda react. Then we also have our special ingredient, which in this case we were using crystal light, but you can use any lemon variety you can find. But this is the drink mix. And this actually is the, I guess, the quantity you need to make a two-court, a two-court jug of lemonade. So I typically like to use a different version that has no artificial sweeteners in it. This one does have aspertainment, which is not always the healthiest, definitely not perfectly clean. So just know that and try and look for a version that is a little bit cleaner. If it's you're going to dump that into your dry ingredients, we're going to mix it up. And I set that aside and trade out my medium bowl. And then this one we're going to put in our wet ingredients. We've got four egg whites. You can separate the eggs, you can save the yolk if you want to, or throw it away. stubborn egg. There's two. You're not good at breaking eggs, you can use the liquid egg whites. Just make sure if you use the liquid egg whites that you do less than the equivalent of four egg whites. More like three egg whites because it tends to be a lot more liquid like and then your batter will be really running. All right, that was number four. Rinse my finger to off. Okay, and two are egg whites. We're going to add our sweetener. The crystallite has some sweetener in it, so we don't need too much. This is a half a cup of splender. You can do less if you want to do less, or you can use an alternative sweetener of your choice. And I'm going to mix that together really well. Want to get it to let's like kind of frothy. Okay, it looks pretty good. And then I'm going to add apple sauce. I'm using the baby through version of apple sauce. I've got two of them here. Just look again for a lower sugar variety. These do have a considerable amount of sugar in them, but they're like this when I think is 11 grams. But remember, this is going to make eight, or sorry, the eight by eight inch pan is going to make 16 squares. So the 16 squares, you know, divided by, I guess this is 22. We're looking at, you know, just a little, little more than a gram of sugar for each one. It's not too too bad. These are a treat. There's a second one. And this apple sauce serves to replace the butter and oil and your baking dishes. You can do it in your leany baking dish, you bite. And because I like mine a little bit more moist, I'll often add just one additional jar of water, too. So I'm going to do that now. Go. Make sure when you get the water that you don't add hot water because this is egg and you don't want to cook your eggs. So we're going to mix this up really well. And now we want to add our wet ingredients to our dry ingredients. All the liquid out. There you go. I'm going to mix these up. And I've already preheated the oven to 350 degrees. So it should be already for us. Now if you notice when I'm mixing this, it's kind of hard to see, but it gets a little bubbly. That's that drink mix. So don't worry about it. It doesn't make the cake bubbly. All right. That's all mixed together. I've got my 8x8 inch pyrex dish. So I'm going to spray that. Get it ready for the batter. I use the butter spray. I use that on pretty much all of my baking dishes. You do want to spray it pretty well. Apple sauce can be a little sticky in the batter. I'm going to clean up the edges just so that my my dish doesn't get cruddy. I'm baking it. All right. Pour the batter in. Let's scrape it all out. And depending on your oven, you're going to put this in for anywhere from 20 to 30 minutes. It's a big difference because of altitude, of, you know, however efficient your oven is. So we'll put these in. The middle rack's best. I'm going to set the timer. We'll go for, I think we'll split the difference. I'm going to do, I actually will do less. Do 23. You don't want to over bake these. They're actually pretty good when they're a little gooey. Okay. And that's it. So in a little while, we'll check them and we'll see how they turned out. All right. I think they're done. Check and see. You can put a toothpick in and see if they're done. But I can usually tell by eyeball and I made these a few times. Looks pretty good. You can either eat these warm or cold. Actually, like I'm really a lot cold. So but anyway, that's about it. That's our lemon cake protein bar. Thanks for watching me today on buddygilling.com and hopefully you'll come back and check out Morris Space.