Hi, I'm Jamie Eason. Welcome to thebodybuilding.com kitchen. Today I'm going to make my pumpkin protein bars. I know I've been making a whole lot of different types of protein bars, but I don't want to be burned out. I've got this brand new one. This one actually makes a larger portion than the 8x8 we've been using. So we're going to get a bigger pyrex dish this time. I've prepped this by spraying nonstick spray. It's a 9x13. And I've also preheated the oven to 350 degrees. So this one's easy because it's all in one large bowl. See, first we've got two cups of oat flour. Again, oat flour is just ground up oatmeal. And you can buy it at the store in the healthy section. Take your own by grinding it in a coffee grinder or in a blender. So I'm just going to put that in two cups. And then I've got two scoops of vanilla way protein. You can use any flavor that you like. For me, I just look for the fewer ingredients the better because then it's healthier. It usually tastes a little better too. So two scoops of that. And then I'm going to start putting in all of the flavoring ingredients. I've got two teaspoons of cinnamon. A teaspoon and a half of ground ginger. A half a teaspoon of cloves. Clothes are pretty strong, but I think that's really what gives this to its flavor. So then we've got a teaspoon of baking soda and a teaspoon of baking powder. And then a half a teaspoon of salt. For my sweetener, I'm actually adding a half cup of zylitol. You can use the brown sugar blend. You can use the regular. I actually like the brown sugar blend for this recipe a lot. But you can't always find it. This means just the regular half cup of zylitol. So put that in. I'm going to mix up these dry ingredients really well. And then to this, I'm going to start adding the wet ingredients. You can mix these in separate bowls if you like, but it's really not necessary. So I'm just going to put it all right in the same bowl. First, I'm going to start with four egg whites. You can use the liquid egg whites if you like. I used regular real eggs. I kind of like those better for my for baking, but it's up to you. And then I'm going to add a half a cup of almond milk. You can use whatever kind you want. You can do regular milk. You can do rice milk. Whatever you'd like, but I like the almond milk. So half cup that. And then to that, I'm going to add one four ounce of the baby food apple sauce. You can use regular unsweetened apple sauce at home if you have that. That in there. That comes out to probably about a fourth of the cup. If you're going to use the dry at home. To that, I'm going to add my pumpkin. I've used a whole 15 ounce can of pumpkin for this. So you can use as little or as much as you want. I really like mine really pumpkin is so I use the whole entire can. Make sure to that you pick the raw pumpkin and not the pumpkin pie mix. That's loaded with sugar. Put that in. And then my final wedding ingredient is just two teaspoons of vanilla. So I've got all of those in. You can use the whisk if you like, but I don't want to make a mess. So I'm just going to fold it all in with my spatula. Okay. Starting to come together. Now for this recipe, you can use nuts or you can do it without nuts. I'm going to put some walnuts in it. I really like pumpkin and walnuts together. So I've got it all mixed up. I've already put a half cup of walnuts in a little baggy. So the reason I've done this is because I didn't buy the crushed up kind. I'm going to actually crush these myself. So I like to buy the ones from the bin. Usually they're a little bit more fresh than the ones that have been sitting on a shelf a while. So I just put them in a bag. You can grab anything you like. I like my little rolling pin. Just sort of crush them a little bit. If you're worried about adding too much fat to your dessert, you actually don't have to mix them in. You can put it all together and just maybe sprinkle half on one side or just lightly sprinkle them on top. I like to mix mine in because I like there to be nuts in every bite, but it's totally up to you. That's pretty good. Getting there. Maybe a little smaller. Okay. Now I'll just dump these in. Now the difference though, if you make it with or without nuts, with nuts you're looking at probably about 67, 68 calories without nuts you're looking at under 50. It's about 47 calories. So it's totally up to you, but the fat isn't that different. And then amount of protein really isn't that different. It's like about 4 grams of protein and bar. This makes 24 bars by the way. So I've got that all mixed in. And I'm going to get my dish ready and just pour it in the pan. Okay. I'll get it all spread out. Now this one you want to bake it for about 30 minutes. I would say, but it's totally up to you. I like the bars a little bit more soft and some people like them a little more cooked through. I suggest that if you're traveling with these, I'm definitely keeping them in the oven a little bit longer because you want them to hold up these in the oven. I'll bake it for about 30 minutes. I think that's right. And then we'll check it in about 30 minutes. Always make sure when you're baking that your oven rack is usually in the middle. If it's too close to the heating element on the bottom, it'll burn. And if it's too high up, it'll take forever to cook. So we will check on it in about 30 minutes. All right. The time we went off. Let's check our bars. All right. They look good. I'm pretty sure these are done. But if you want to make sure you can stick a toothpick in and if it comes out dry with no wetness or anything, it's pretty much ready. So I'm going to let these cool and then we'll come back cut them and I'll show you how to wrap them up. Okay. My pumpkin protein bars are fully cold. So I'm going to cut them up. Let's see. We've got it. It's going to make 24 squares. So I'm going to make three cuts. Link twice. And five this way. All right. Let's go get a few of these out. I look really good. You can see some of the nuts in there. And then I'm going to wrap up the rest. Shea how I wrap them when I travel. Be sure to store these in a cool place like the refrigerator because if you leave them just out on the counter or not in your cooler, they'll actually spoil. There's no preservatives or anything in these. I do them by two's. I just place two on the surround wrap, fold over the one end and roll it over and then fold in the edges and it's pretty simple. I'm going to finish up wrapping up the rest of these for this recipe. You can check out the link below. And if you want to check out other recipes and articles, just visit bodybuilding.com.