Hey everyone, it's Jamie's and here welcome to Special Installments on Tips and Techniques that can help you achieve your fitness goals. My 12-week trainer consists of three four-week phases and I really want you to follow them to the letter the way they were designed to be followed. Following your instincts in the gym, it's a great thing but only after you've learned to be dedicated and consistent by following a program like this one for three months. Be consistent now and you can be creative later. Let's run through a few tips and techniques that didn't fit into the three phases. They'll help you stay the course and achieve even better results when you otherwise will achieve. My first tip is to keep a training journal. You can write down your sets, reps, and weights allowing you to track and review your progress. Hopefully you'll see strengthened creases and endurance gains as well as sticking points that may need addressing. You can even track factors like how you felt during a certain workout, what exercises or machines you got the most from, and what progressions you like the best. Down the road, when you might be feeling less than inspired or motivated, referring back to your training journal can provide motivation and a no-brainer way to get back into the swing of things. By keeping a journal, you'll also hold yourself accountable. It's easy to become complacent with a routine. Seeing it on paper will remind you to keep pushing for progress and challenging the muscles in a new way. Another great tip is to find a committed training partner. Having a fitness partner can help create accountability and keep your workouts on track. Also an extra boost of friendly competition during the workout can actually serve as a great motivation and bring more energy to your lifts. You'll be amazed at how much more weight you can push around when someone else is tearing you on or talking trash. Another tip to stay motivated with your workouts is to visualize. Start with visualizing the body you want to have some day. Don't hesitate to look for pictures of people who's a physique you admire, cut them out of magazines, maybe print them from the internet. By having a constant reminder of what you want to achieve, you'll stay motivated. If that athlete can build a physique you desire, then so can you. Another helpful technique is to visualize the exercise in your workout before you start. Take a minute or so and run through the movement in your mind. If you're unclear about your fitness goals, you'll lack the drive to reach them. Visualizing is a great way to get excited about the workout ahead and keep your energy level high. One of the common frustrations for fitness-minded people is hitting a plateau. You're cruising along, making progress, and the next thing you know, you're stuck, seemingly without reason. Maybe you're no longer getting stronger, maybe your endurance is lagging, maybe you've stopped shedding pounds. Either way, you're still doing what you thought you were supposed to do only it's not working like it did before. My 12-week trainer is designed specifically to avoid platoes. But after the program ends and you continue training, they could become an issue. The best way to rise above a plateau is to add variety to your routine. I'd recommend changing things up once a month, hopefully to avoid them. That doesn't mean you have to alter everything in your workout from the ground up. It just means trying some different combinations of sets, reps, and rest time or maybe changing around the workout split. For example, one change would be if you've been doing the standard three sets of 10 reps, try going heavier for fewer reps. Then there's the rest periods in between the sets, which many people forget to ever change. Something you could try is resting for two minutes on your heavy days, and only 30 seconds to a minute on your lighter days. You might be surprised at the difference this makes. Oftentimes we lose track of just how long we're resting. If you have a hard time keeping track of time with the gym, just grab a stopwatch to take with you or download the gym boss application on your phone. If you've already tried different reps, sets, and rest period schemes, another option might be trying different body parts splits. For example, you could do an upper and lower body split. So on Monday, you train chest, shoulders, biceps, triceps, and back, and after an active rest day on Tuesday, on Wednesday you'd only train legs, but maybe some abdominal work thrown in for good measure. There's literally hundreds of workout combinations, exercises, and splits that you can do. You may have to plan and research a little bit, but with a huge resource like bodybuilding.com's exercise in article database, there's not a lot of room for excuses. You can definitely find a way to change up your routine and rise above any plateau. Training may not be the only reason you're stuck in a plateau. If you've hit a weight loss plateau, it could have something to do with your nutrition choices. And there's a few things you can do to kick start your progress here as well. One thing I suggest is riding your meals down in a food journal similar to the training journal. A food journal is a great way to hold yourself accountable and track what you're putting into your body. You may start to see patterns in your diet you weren't even aware of. A food journal can also become a history of your successes and unfolds. If you start to see really great results from your diet, you'll have a record of what worked for you and you can always refer back to it. After you lock into a routine of working out, eating healthfully, and challenging yourself, you may think it's okay to skip your postwork out shake because you aren't really trying to change your physique anymore. Don't make that mistake. Just consider your postwork out shake or meal as essential. It'll help your body recover fast and move your closer to your goals. I'm also including some homework out options for both upper and lower body. These aren't really alternatives. They're great glass in case of emergency solutions just if you simply can't get to the gym that day like if you're traveling. I hope these tips are helpful and will keep you on track. The more tips like these, be sure to log on to bodybuilding.com and check out our monthly features. Curiotically, we provide incentives and new ideas to help you stay motivated and you'll find professionals like myself ready to support you in reaching your goals.