New Life New beginnings New challenges New rewards When you bring a new life into the world and expand your family, it can turn your world upside down and force you to reprioritize, especially when it comes to your own health and fitness. I know you're dealing with a mountain of new responsibilities, but when you're ready to tackle your health and fitness goals, I want to help. I'm Jamie Eason, I'm a fitness model, author and trainer, but I'm also a wife and a mom. My son was born in 2013 and like most new moms, I wondered if I'd ever get my pre-baby body back. I had a wonderful pregnancy, but a complicated delivery, and it took me nearly three months before I started training again. By six months, however, I felt confident enough to step back in front of the camera for my first post-baby photo shoot. I know what it's like to wonder, where do I start? Can I do this? Hundreds of moms have reached out to me asking those same questions. My hope is that this plan will give you answers. Welcome to my post-pregnancy fitness trainer. I did not look like myself. My thighs were literally hanging over my knees, and my stomach was hanging into my lap, and I had ankle rolls. Everybody's like, this is the happiest time of your life, so you're supposed to be like the stoning mother that's just so happy with no matter what you have a healthy baby, which is so true and I'm so grateful for that. But at the same time, you still can't help to think, oh my goodness, you know, I look like a wreck, you know, what's going to happen at this point? My name is Sheila Dugin, and I'm a doctor of physical medicine and rehabilitation. Even if you don't have a background in fitness, being pregnant sort of tunes you end to your body in a way that you usually are not tuned in. So I think the opportunity to have this self-discovery around the power of your body all sort of sets you up to become physically active. This is a resource that I hope people can go to, whether this is their first pregnancy, their fourth pregnancy, just to be able to have something to follow to where they don't have to think about it. They don't have to say, okay, what's the best plan of attack? We tried to be as responsible as possible in bringing the doctors' opinions and make sure that people felt like you have these options in these resources, but still go to your doctor, still make sure that you're listening to your body, make sure that you're not putting this undue pressure on yourself. It's really important that women realize that this is going to be an individual, at your own pace thing, there's no pressure to stick to the schedule exactly. You really should have this as part of your lifestyle, because I think it'll be the best thing you ever did for yourself. I hope it will be because it was for me. Whether you had your baby six weeks, six months, or even six years ago, I'm here to hopefully take some pressure off and provide you with a free plan to help you get back into your pre-baby genes and to a place you can feel good about. With just a half hour to an hour each day, you'll be able to take it week by week at your own pace as I coach you throughout the next several months. The initial exercises in this program start out conservatively, but around three months after your baby's born, the intensity will increase and build throughout the 12 weeks. Once you've completed the post-pragancy fitness trainer, my hope is that you'll be ready to tackle the live fit. My plan is already helped millions of people transform their bodies and their lives. As little as nine months after your baby's born, you could find yourself not only in your pre-baby genes, but quite possibly in your best shape ever. For these workouts, you can do almost everything at home using your body weight and some simple home gym equipment. The great thing about this program is that you'll be able to take it day by day starting where you are right now and progressing when you're ready. Remember, you were pregnant for nine months. It may just take nine months to get back in the shape, and that's okay. Whether your goal is to get your body back or transform for the first time, you can begin here. I'll help you figure out what to eat, wind a train, and how to find time for fitness in your busy lifestyle. This is the plan that helped me achieve my post-baby transformation. My hope is that it'll work for you too. Challenge yourself and focus on the journey, not the destination. It's just as much about being happy and enjoying the process as it is about being fit. Remember to consult with your doctor before starting this or any fitness program. Then, when you're ready to join me on this journey, be sure to watch the complete series of videos here on bodybuilding.com.