Hi, I'm Jamie Eason and today I'm in the bodybuilding.com kitchen to show you how I make my 3-been chili. It's a one-pot dish super easy to make and it comes together fairly quickly. I've already started and in this large pot I've added some onions, diced onions, I did about a whole cut but the recipe calls for a half cut by just really like onions and then I did two pounds of extra lean turkey and about a tablespoon of garlic. I've already browned it, I drained off any excess fat and I'm ready to add the rest of my ingredients. To the turkey I'm going to add some diced green chilies. These come in a can and I chose two four ounce cans. You can use one if you'd like but I actually like the flavor of these are just only slightly spicy. They've got hot and they've got mild. I chose mild. I'm going to add those in. Give it a little stir in between. And then we'll add the beans. Now I call it my tribean or my 3-been chili because there's three different types of beans. There's an organic can-been that comes with pinto, kidney and black beans and you'll notice on the cans if you buy the organic version. Really it's nothing more than just beans and salt. Just make sure if you choose the canned and you're watching your salt that you choose the low-assotian variety. So I'm going to add these. And since I really like black beans, I actually did an extra can of the black beans. So again, I'll give that a little stir. And then to that, I'm going to add really the base of our chili which is diced organic diced tomatoes. There's different versions. Some of them already have spices in on a regino, different things like that. Choose whatever you like. These are just plain and simple because I'm going to add a lot of spice. So it's up to you. This is two 14, I think they're 14 and a half ounce cans. So I'm going to add those. And that's your liquid. There's not a whole lot. This chili's pretty versatile. You can make it really thick, which is what I like to do. I think in Texas ours is a little bit more thick and hardy. But in some places, people will add things like broth to actually make them a little more soupy. So it's totally up to you. And by the way, I drained the liquid from the beans. I don't like to do the added starch. But from the tomatoes, I didn't drain the liquid because I actually want the liquid in there to sort of beef it up a little bit. So to that, I'm going to add some spices. I've got this might seem a little odd, but this is actually a zylitol. And it's a sweetener. I like midchilly. There's a lot of acid. There's a lot of heaviness. I'm going to add some mustard and different things like that. So this kind of balances out the flavor. Most typical chilies will use a brown sugar. And there is a brown sugar variety that actually, that's what I'd love to use right now. But I only have this on hand. So you can leave out the sweetener if you want. You can use the zylitol brown sugar blend or you can just use the straight zylitol. This is a tablespoon. Sprinkle that in. Then I'm going to add some cumin. Cumin is a smoky flavor. It pretty much gives flavor to a lot of things like chili, Mexican dishes, things like that. This is a teaspoon. Add that in. Got a little bit of salt. That's about a half teaspoon to a teaspoon just whatever you prefer. And this might seem a little odd, but this is actually two tablespoons of white vinegar. You can use rice vinegar. You can use any kind of vinegar that you want. Again, if you think about like a tomato sauce or barbecue sauce, usually there's either more vinegar or more tomato depending on what flavors you like. So I'm just going to add a little bit because I like my dish is a little more tomato-based. And then I'm going to add some chili powder. Of course, can't chili without chili powder. So that's a tablespoon of chili powder. The more you add of that, the more spicy your dish will actually be. And then my final and sort of odd ingredient for chili would be the mustard. I'm doing three tablespoons of just your regular yellow mustard. Let's get all that in there. And I've got one lonely spice left, but I'm going to wait to be very into add that one because I don't want it to lose too much flavor and that's cilantro. And a lot of times something like cilantro, if you put it into soon, it just kills the flavor. You don't taste much of it. So mix this up. Get that mustard. I'll mix in there. And if it's too thick for you, if you'd prefer it to not be quite as thick as this, just add another can of tomatoes or again, you can add the chicken broth whatever you'd like. So that's about it. It'll actually get a little bit more liquid as it simmers. So I've had it on low. I'm going to crank up the heat just a tiny bit. Put a lid on it. And about 10 minutes, I'll actually come back add my cilantro and that's it. That's how easy it is. Okay, it's been 10 minutes. So I'm going to check the chili. I brought it up to a boil and then I reduced the heat and I let it simmer for about 10 minutes. It's looking good. Give it a little stir real quick. And then one last ingredient is my final ingredient is the cilantro and I only add about a tablespoon. You can do fresh cilantro, which actually is probably better, but I had this on hands. This is what I'm going to use. It's a good good in. Give it another stir. And really that doesn't have to cook in too much. The longer it cooks, the more the cilantro will kind of lose its flavor. So I don't let it sit too much longer after that before serving it. So it looks ready. It smells really good. Got my bowl ready. Now you can choose to put this on top of something like brown rice. You can put it on spaghetti squash. You can eat it alone. Remember that beans do have quite a bit of carbs in them. It's about 24 grams of carbs and a cup of beans and probably about 8 grams of protein. So you get a little bit of protein but not a considerable amount. So I don't add too much starch to this. This recipe is really adaptable for you vegetarians out there. You can actually leave out the meat and just add lots more veggies. Just start by instead of sauteing the meat and onions, you want to saute all your veggies to sort of soften them a bit and then add all the same ingredients. So that's about it. You can add cheese if you want to but most of us are you know on a strict plan so don't add too much. For this recipe, check the link below and for more recipes and articles for me, check out bodybuilding.com.