Strench extends beyond the gym. I am a power lifter, firefighter, and captain of the Muslim Malaysia. I'm Jason Wee. During today's workout, we are training chest, and the goal of today's workout is to build some mass and strength simultaneously. The benefits from this workout is to really get your body used to working under a heavy weight load and experience a lower reps so that you can really tear up the muscle, get the blood pump in there, and really build some serious mass to your chest area. This workout consists of six different exercises, four compound movements, and two isolation exercises to finish off your chest workout. This workout should take no longer than 60 minutes with no longer than a minute to two minutes in between each set. This first exercise is the machine fly. It's basically to warm up your pectoral muscles, to really get into some heavy movements later on in the workout. The consists of three sets of 15 reps from lightweight to medium weight, and you really want to concentrate on the stretch and the contraction at the beginning and the movement to really get the butt pump in in the pectoral muscles. With workout at the chest, I'm really big into warm up sets. I picked a machine fly movement to warm up, because it really isolates the pectoral muscles and really gets the butt pump in and gets my body ready to really lift some heavy weight. The first exercise is the barbell flat bench, and I'm using the pyramid method. Starting with four sets for ranging from a rep range from 10, 8, 6 and 4, and really on your last set. You really want to try to really push it from three to four reps. I always like to lay flat on the bench with an archer malor back, even my feet under me are really pushing through the heels, so you concentrate all on the power of pushing with your pectoral muscles. The flat bench pretty much is your meat potatoes for your pectoral muscles. It works your upper and lower chest and your shoulders and triceps at the same time. The second exercise is the barbell incline. I like to use this movement as my second exercise, because it's another compound movement. Really let you move some heavy weight and really tear up the muscle again, also as like the flat bench. I use here three sets and you want to get any range from 10 to 6 reps, really your first set. You really want to get around the 9 to 10 range and you last set, it really forced the reps out from anywhere from 5 to 6. During this exercise, you really are feeling fatigue, but you don't want to sacrifice form and do as much weight as your body in hand will. Alright, with the third exercise we're doing a dumbbell flat bench, again another compound movement and we're doing another press exercise because we're really concentrating on building mats and strengthening your chest and this is another exercise that really concentrates on working your upper and your middle of your chest. With the dumbbell flat bench, we are more concentrating now on using stabilizer muscles that we didn't get to use with the barbell incline and the barbell flat bench. This again is another movement that's going to help you really build some master strength to your chest. With the dumbbell flat bench, I really try to concentrate on really getting the stretch of the bottom of the movement and then really concentrate on stretching and contracting my chest at the top of the movement. That way you're getting the maximum blood flow to the chest area. With this exercise we're doing a superset and we're really concentrating on two isolation movements. We are starting with dumbbell flies and then we are moving straight into dips to failure. On this exercise we're really concentrating on doing four sets of six to ten reps. When you're actually performing the fly, you're really concentrating on getting a deep stretch at the bottom of the movement and then when I'm coming up I like to rotate my wrist in and that way we can track into chest and really get in the good squeeze at the top. On the dipset section of the superset, I really have the concentrate on keeping my body leaning forward. This keeps emphasis on the pector muscles. With this lack section of the workout, you really want to give it every last effort that you have. Your pecs are already be full of blood and super bumped so you just got to concentrate dig deep and finish strong. That's it for this workout. All the details are described in the page below. If you have any questions about this workout, you can always contact me on body space. I.G. or Facebook at JWe54 where you can find me on the Turinite website, TurinLab.prociere.com. For more videos like this from the Muslim Alisha, keep coming back to bodybuilding.com.