I'm Jim Joel, team-celli Guadalier, personal trainer and fitness competitor. My fitness journey started back and high school. My love for weights came when I was 16 years old and I saw my first copy of muscle and fitness. So I picked her Monica Brayette and I went, wow, I want to look like that one. What do I need to do to get me there? I'd always been active with gymnastics and everything, so I figured, okay, I'm already athletic. I need an outlet for my energy to join Jim's. My first job ever in high school was at the personal trainer. I was teaching aerobics and personal training as my first job. So I just kind of catapulted from there and I thought results quickly. I was really excited when I was 17 years old, excited at some day. I wanted to compete in a fitness competition. I moved down to Southern California for college and I continued my job as a personal trainer. I was very active working out and then I had a slight hiccup. I dealt with a personal tragedy. My best friend had passed away. She got killed in a car wreck and I was down to Southern California and I didn't have any friends or family nearby. I was just alone in school and working. So I got, I don't want to say to pass, but I was definitely not my full self. Instead of continuing with all my workouts and eating clean, everything I guess I had been. I started making new friends to take my mind off the fact that I had just lost my best friend. We would go out to dinner and we would have desserts. Everything because I ate everything. So I added up and I ended up going from probably 118 pounds to over 150 pounds to probably over 160. And that one over the course of a year or two, it didn't just, you know, it was just a slowly crept on. My body fat got up to 35%. At an aha moment, I went to the doctor and had to say, I had to step on a skill and I had it done that for such a long time. I went, oh, so that's why I have to buy a size 11 now. Not because my legs are extra muscular, but because I'm kind of a beef cake grain now. I needed to take my own advice, so that's what I started doing. I got serious and I made slight changes to my diet. And for me that was key. I'm a self-proclaimed dessert monster. Obviously I had to stop eating dessert every night. So instead of going cold turkey and putting myself on a really strict, say, contest prep diet or something like that, I stop going out to eat every day, maybe I would just be there for the weekends. I would have dessert once a week and I just kicked up my workout routine a little bit more. Again, I'd still been active during that time while I was gaining the weight. But I was going through the motions at the gym, getting on the same elliptical all the time and just putting in an hour sometimes that even sweating. It was kind of a waste of time. So I realized when I'm at the gym, I need to make every minute count, switch up my workout as often as possible. And it was very gradual, my changes too. It was over the process of three to five years probably. And I got down to about 22% body fat and that's when I decided I need to do a show. I wanted to do it forever. But I don't want to at least try. I know I'm always going to regret it. So I set the date exactly 12 weeks out from the show that I found. I started training for it and went from there. It's been an interesting journey with ups and downs and being fit and being overweight and at an unhealthy body fat for a little while. And then fit again. I want to be my best knee. So I'm always striving to be the best version possible of myself. Being strong fit and healthy is important to me. And also now it's great because I've been able to help so many people around the globe with my online training and working with BITALID.com and sharing workouts and working with Seliqor. People from Australia have a message to me about saying, hey, I started doing your leg workout and they send me their results. And it's really exciting. So that's a huge motivation to me as well. Honestly, if you have fun with your fitness, you're going to stick to it. You're going to stick to the program. No matter if it's hey, I love Pilates and I have fun with it. So I'm going to stick to that. For me and with my clients too, I know if it's something they dread doing. They're just not going to do it. It's not going to keep them consistent coming in and out. So if I'm getting bored with the treadmill at the gym, then I make up something new on the step-mil. I'll do some intervals and do something crazy and jump off and do jump out for a while and jump back on the treadmill. Because for me, that's actually fun. It's a new challenge and it's not just the same but not in this walking on a moving belt. I live in Southern California. So we have the Santa month of the day. We have the beach. We can go hiking. There's so many things to do that. That type of activity too. Again, it's key to the fun and it keeps me more interested in fitness all the time. Right now, I'm doing body parts split. Sometimes they do total body too. So I go back and forth between the two depending on what my goals are, what I'm getting ready for. That's what I'm getting. I have a contest coming up. I hold a decent amount of muscle all the time. So I'm not ever worried about, okay, I need to bulk so to speak. My main goal is to maintain my lean muscle mass and stale. Next week I actually start my total body workouts again. So 3 to 4 times a week, basically, every other day. I do a lot of compound movements. I like to do cardio bursts in between all of my strength training as well. Maybe I'll do a set of squats and then I'll bust that instead of pushups and then I'll jump up for a minute. And then I repeat that. And that's what I would call a tricep. So I make these little triceps up in my workouts. So I usually do about two strength training movements with one cardio burst and each strength that. And that's kind of what my weight training is going to be consisting of starting a beat. Right now I'll be in the gym lifting four days a week and cardio, a set of five days a week. Because sometimes I'm a cardio only day off throwing abs or something like that too. Just because I didn't have enough time to hit abs. Any of the total body workouts earlier in the week or maybe I want to bust out hardcore out workout. I always keep one active rest day and then there's usually one day a week and each week is different depending on my schedule and everything. I do a lot of people like to take some days of rest day. For me sometimes I get my best workouts in on Sunday. The gym's quiet. I usually don't have a ton to do that day. I kind of take that as my day away where I'm not answering emails from clients and I'm not posting a lot of social media and I'm not doing any outside work but it's just a day for me to do whatever. So I usually get my best workouts in on Sundays. When it comes to nutrition my overall philosophy is simple. It's about balance. You have a great amount of protein. It's silly you might help these starches every single day and healthy fats. You know I have fruits, vegetables, not afraid to say yes to the third. You know I do a little bit of everything. As long as they stay balanced you're round and able to have those splurgees whenever I want. I used to weigh all my food and then I learned how to eyeball the portion sizes. So for me and we have four to five ounces of chicken breast and then a yam and then veggies. One to two cups of veggies with a meal like that. I usually cook my protein some bulk. I'll pick a couple of proteins for the first few days of the week. Lately it's been a lot of chicken breast and ground turkey breast that I have is the meat that I eat. Gams. I'll just throw them in the microwave for a quick to bake those. So I don't keep all those prepared ahead of time all the time. If I don't need to, I'm fortunate that I work from home most of the time so I can cook throughout the day goes. I haven't always been like that though. Before when I was in a different job completely unrelated to fitness and I was outside sales I had to pack and be gone for the entire day. So I would bring a protein shake with me, have the powder and my shake are ready to go, have almonds ready to go, maybe grab a quest fly or something like that and have the meals packed and tough aware too. I do care about the taste and play. I'll never be that girl that during competition prep or in general has the tilafian asparagus. I haven't tasted tilafian almost tears. So if anyone has great tilafian recipes please share them with me. When I go out especially if I'm prepping for a shoot or competition or something I don't just lock myself at home and eat only what comes out of my kitchen. I still want to go out and have a social life and go with my friends and enjoy dinner out and everything. I just make sure that my proteins are grilled and I also ask like do you grill these in any oil or butter? Sometimes grilled doesn't always mean that hasn't been saturated and something before it goes on there. Ask for a modification if you need to. If you're looking at the menu and you see oh gosh I don't think I can eat anything here. You probably can. Never be afraid to ask the waiter waitress at a special request because I'm sure they here at all the time for people that have allergies or other things like that other limitations so you ask nicely I'm sure they'll be accommodating to that request. A tip for salad I get this a lot with my clients. My clients will say oh I just grabbed a salad at lunch instead but a lot of salads on the restaurant menus are one of the worst offenders. I either get a burger and you still get less calories and more protein than salad. So I always say always ask for your dressing on the side and if you really need to use the dressing and dip your fork in the dressing first and then in the salad and you'll end up using less of it. If you can go without the dressing I have become really accustomed to squeezing lemon on top or salsa and those two things can help save countless calories. SELFMENTATION is just that. It's meant to supplement a balanced diet. For me the protein has really been key for what I had on the go. So if I don't have time to make a couple extra meals you know if I have a protein shake right after the gym maybe again at night that's great. I'm still getting a clean healthy lean source of protein and to my diet. So that makes it really simple. I always tell my clients to stock up on that. Multimitamin always great to take you and though you are you know getting in some of the essential minerals and vitamins and everything from the fruits and vegetables. I don't know every day everyone's going to get all those key vitamins that they need to have multivariaments also great. The other supplements to the aid and recovery. So when you're working out recovery is just as essential as the workout if not more. So supplements that help you recover properly are definitely key. Pre-workouts for me have really helped kick my training up to the next level. That's maybe not for your brand new beginner but someone who's been weight training for a little while. The supplements is always going to be high. You know you see all the marketing, you see all the fancy ads. So whatever you hear at your friends talking about it and definitely do your research a few years ago. It's going on by the building.com to research. It's like two really neat glue to me. Like, brands change, they take them pill or powder and eat different things like that. In the read the reviews of other users on sites like bidabilland.com it's been really helpful too because instead of just asking your friends who are like, oh yeah yeah I take this you just go and take it too. You actually get a well-rounded response to see what kind of work best for you. For me it's all about balance. I think a lot of people when they maybe embark on a new meal program or work out program or they put like 110% in and then they get current out really quickly and I want to make sure that people don't do that make the same mistakes. Don't lose away and then gain it right back which is something people often do but if you make these slow gradual changes it's very balanced so it's more realistic that way. You're much more active stick to a program that's more realistic in that future lifestyle and kind of blends seamlessly into your current lifestyle. Instead of something that you have to do completely overall. So that's it for my training nutrition and supplementation. If anyone has any more questions to me you can contact me on Facebook, Twitter and my body space. And for more content videos like this keep coming back to bidabilland.com.