Hey, I'm Jesse Holgombard, NLA for her athlete, and I'm here to talk to you ladies today about why women should be lifting. I spend so much of my time coaching women on how to change their bodies, yes, on the outside their physique, but how to also change your lives and your bodies on the inside to reflect those lifestyle changes. Lifting has obviously changed my physique and my life in more ways than one, but I wanted to give you some key points on what I believe are the most important reasons for why you should be lifting too. Number one, reason why women should lift is it gives you confidence. I cannot stress this enough. I have so much more confidence now in my mid-30s than I have in my entire life. When I first started training, I would walk into a gym and I would really be frozen. If I wasn't training with my husband or a friend, I truly had no idea what to do. Even if I knew what machine to go to, I was so worried that people were watching me, and I wouldn't know how to adjust the machine or sitting on the machine wrong. All those things are running through my head, and I didn't have the confidence that I should have when you want to go into the gym and you want to have a great workout. So now that I've been lifting, I feel like I own the gym when I walk in, and I love that. It's taken some years as taken some experience, but if you just keep going to the gym, keep lifting, you build up your physique, you're going to build up that confidence and you're going to walk into the gym, you're going to take whatever equipment that you need to take, and you're just going to kill your reps in your sets, and you know what? So what if people are watching me? They're probably watching me, wanting tips for me, wanting to know how I'm doing, what I'm doing, and nothing feels better than that when you're in the gym with that kind of confidence. Outside of the gym, I can't even go grocery shopping in a tank top without women and men stopping me saying, Girl, you look so good, what do you do? What do you do? And it's just really neat to be able to say, I lift. It's as simple as that. I say, I go to the gym and I lift. It's just so neat to be able to put on a dress or put on an awesome pair of jeans or favorite jeans and just have those curves and feel good about your body and walk out there in the world and just know that you feel great and you look great. The second point I want to touch on is a really, really awesome one because we get to eat all the carbs we want. Well, maybe not all the carbs we want, but we get to eat a lot of carbs. If you're lifting with intensity in the gym, you get to eat, you have to eat. You won't have an intense workout if you're not properly fueled before you work out. A lot of women are really scared of carbs, is it gonna make me fat? Is it gonna make me gain weight? And it won't, as long as you are lifting with intensity and have consistency in the gym. You need those carbs to change your physique. So if you have carbs all day long on a leg day, for example, your body will use every drop of fat to grow muscle to maintain muscle and to completely change your physique. And that's a pretty darn good reason. It's gonna be a lot of women get fat. Lifting weights is what's going to put muscle on your body and change the shape of your body and change the way that you fit into your clothes. A lot of women get caught up and changing their physique by spending hours in the gym doing cardio. It is important to do cardio. I definitely do cardio, but lifting weights has completely added curves that I've never known to exist on my body. My butt, my glutes, my legs have grown. I have awesome legs and I'm not scared to show them off whatsoever. I love wearing my favorite pair of jeans or just my leggings. It just feels so good to see hamstrings through my leggings. Another awesome tip is that the more muscle you have, the more calories you burn. It's as simple as that. So build more muscle and your body has to work harder and burn more calories to maintain that muscle mass than it does to maintain body fat. When we do cardio only for example, we are burning fat, but we're not really building muscle. But as soon as that session ends, the fat burning stops. When you lift weights with intensity, you are burning fat and you are burning calories. And the really awesome thing about lifting weights is as soon as that session is done, the fat burning does not stop. Your metabolism is increased. You're burning all day long. You go home and you're resting. You're still burning calories. Your metabolic rate has increased and you're going to have the effects of that training session all day long. And all night long while you're sleeping. So I don't know about you, but I'm really into burning fat while I sleep. The next point I want to discuss with you ladies is something that you may or may not be concerned about quite yet in your life. But as women we are at higher risk of osteoporosis. And what that means is we're at higher risk of fracting our bones, breaking bones. And the way we can absolutely squash that is by lifting weights with intensity. And I don't mean, you know, a few reps here and there on machines, a little bit of circuit training. I really mean intensity. Get into the gym. You can use machines. You can use cables. You can use dumbbells. You can get in the squat rack. Whatever is comfortable for you, just lift weights and whatever you're doing. You will build muscle mass. You will increase your bone density and you will increase your strength, which will help you later in life. It'll help you now, but it'll also help you later in life to reduce that risk of that osteoporosis, which you definitely want to avoid all of those bone fractures and breaks at all costs. The last thing is just being able to say, I got this. So whether it's carrying your groceries, carrying your luggage, putting your luggage in overhead compartment, rearranging your furniture. It's really neat to be able to scoot that couch and move that dresser all around that house without needing any help. But one thing that always cracks me up is, for example, in the gym, setting up a lift and a guy walks up and he's like, hey, do you need a spot? And you guys should just be like, nope, I got this. So now that I've discussed with you, some of my top reasons on why women should definitely be lifting. I want you to check out the page below. I have given some of my top exercises and a sample workout of some of the best types of workouts that you can do that give you the most bang for your buck. They were crude a lot of muscle, they were crude a lot of energy. I know give you that intensity that you're looking for in the gym to increase that strength and build that muscle. So if you have any questions about anything I've discussed with you today, you can catch up with me on body space or Facebook. Both of those user names are Jesse Fitness. You can find me on Instagram or Twitter at Jess Hillgumburg. And for more free videos and articles, just like this, keep coming back to bodybuilding.com. Thank you.