Hi, I'm Jimmy Pena and this is My Power Rack Series. I'm an exercise physiologist. I've edited in written thousands of articles on training and fitness and nutrition worldwide. My purpose now is to develop prayfit.com where we help people stay healthy from the inside out. In my opinion, the Power Rack is the most underutilized piece of equipment in gyms everywhere. The second technique we're going to talk about today are partial movements. The best way to demonstrate those are using the bench breast inside the Power Rack. Partials are all about overload and with partials you can overload the target muscle more than you can through a full range emotion. So remember, partials are angle specific. Meaning you only gain strength that they angle your working. So that's what's great about the Power Rack. They have so many different angles for you to work in that if you can gain strength at all those various angles, then you'll add up to one powerful strong full repetition. To demonstrate the partial we're going to utilize the bench breast. Let's get started. So now that you've set the bar and the weight is set and the bar is clipped. Go ahead and lie back. Make sure your back is fully supported. Your feet are flat on the floor. Grasp the bar with an overhand grip, wrapping your thumbs around for safety. As you can see, I've set the angles pretty high towards just about six to eight inches from the top. The good thing about the Power Rack is you can change those angles whether it be in the same workout, lower in the angles or from week to week. Much like partials are angles specific. The Power Rack can help you be goal specific. So whether you're looking for strength, keeping your reps between one and six or perhaps high-perchriffe, muscle size, keeping your reps from eight to twelve or even endurance. Going as high as 25, the partial technique can be useful in supporting those goals. So just make sure that because you are stronger, let's say right here, I'm much stronger in this five to six inch range than I am in a four inch emotion. Be certain that you load the bar with enough weight that causes you to fail at your particular goal reps. So if my goal is ten repetitions and I'm doing it in a partial range, I better make sure that I fail at those ten reps. Don't put your standard 10 RM on a partial movement otherwise it can be too light. So make sure that wherever angle you are, it's also specific to the failure point of your target rep range. Power Rack. Buryah! Parsons inside the power rack with overhead presses fantastic overload for the shoulders. The good thing about using the power rack in this way, you can roll the bar back, right over head, which really incorporates the front delts, the middle delts, and the rear delts. You just much of the shoulder involved as possible to do as a bar is directly overhead. Remember, Parsons are all about overload. With Parsons, basically we're breaking the lift into smaller components within the range of motion, allowing you to handle a weight that's much heavier than you could normally use if you're working in a full range of motion. Remember your gains in strength will be limited to that particular range of motion that you train. And so make sure that you adjust the safety bars up and down, working various parts of the range of motion. So you gain strength throughout it. So we've just gone through another technique, Parsons for the Power Rack. On more on how to incorporate Parsons into your routine, visit the page below. Be sure to check out episode 3, IsoMetrics, and learn how to incorporate them into your routine. For more on me, come to PrayFit.com and for more great information on training and nutrition, go to bodymilit.com.