What's up guys my name is Julian Greio with the Team BS10. You may know my face and my body from different covers. I've been on the fitness rx, muscle fitness, man's hair, man's fitness, many more. I've been training since I'm like 15 years old. So almost like 20 years of age. But doing it, you know. Every pro athletes, they train every day. Like look at that football player. They run every day, they lift weights every day. And they're still writing a good size, you know. So I don't believe much in the other training. But if you don't want to relax, heat and more functional, I think you can train your body every day. What are you going to do? I'm going to explain how do I train for the week. I do a lot of the first circuit training. Monday would do like a total body circuit training. Tuesday also, different circuit. Wednesday would take a day off. I will give you some tips for your diet. Thirds and Friday another circuit training. So wow, what are you going to do? We're going to mix with the barber, dumbbells, with your own body weight, flat and matricinal heavy light, and being shocked. Originally I saw Julian self-help because I was actually hospitalized for four months with major illness. Julian's experience, I knew it had been basically a core type of training, functional type of movement where I had only been in bodybuilding. So the first guy of Julian to help me, was more of a rehabilitation program. Never thinking I would continue it. Just to give myself back and shape and get into the gym. Was that surprised? The first day couldn't even go to the workout one time. It was much harder than it looked. I think people are thinking the dieting is like very complex. And it's very simple. You all watch it. It's very clean food and it's pretty much shit. You know, good suits of carbs, some fat, some good protein, some vegetables, like for fibers. And that's it. There's no secret. It's very like state to do basic. It was going to keep you lean. It's going to work all your muscles. It's one group, not really stress-time. I want particular areas to get much more intense workout in a shorter period of time. And then in turn, it's like same leaner. I think more like for the average person is much better. You're more like a functional workout. That's more like than the bodybuilding workouts. I keep that very basic movements. You want to try a little fancy moves. Some guys are inventing movements. You know? Stay good at basic. You know, you want to build mass, bench, squat, deadly. Very simple, you know? The thing about this is a very high intensity working. Not only are you using weight on a lot of these movements, but you're doing higher repetitions. No rest time except maybe in between one series, have a drink of water. So not only is the train your aerobic and anaerobic, you're going to stay much leaner you're around. You're still going to get good definition with the muscles. And on the heavier workouts you can train with more weight. Give me more size on those days too. So if you stick with this program, I'm guaranteed you 12 weeks. We'll get the results you want. Much better looking for Z, much more functional. It's very simple. If you know what you want, that's it. And it's simple.