Hi, I'm Crana Bamelar, teambodybuilding.com athlete and Celia Grazli. Today I'm going to be taking you through my high rep plyo leg workout. This is one of two leg workouts that I do each week. It's made up of three supersets. I generally do my heavier leg workout earlier in the week and my plyo leg workout later in the week, just make sure that you leave one to two days in between. So let's get into our first superset, which is going to be front squats and backstumps. For this superset, we are going to be doing four sets of 15 front squats followed by four sets of 25 backstumps. So because we're going to start out with a barbell, warm up for the front squats of about 10 to 15 reps. So for front squats, you want to make sure that your elbows are high and I like to go a little bit below parallel so that I incorporate my glutes and hamstrings as well because generally front squats are known to focus on your quads, but I like to do my entire leg so a little bit below parallel. So if you're a beginner, you want to start with a box that's maybe 20 inches. If you are more advanced, you've been doing this for a while, you can do a 24 or even higher. I'm using a 24 today. So now we're going to move on to our second superset of reverse lunges and flile lunges. For this second superset, you're going to be doing reverse lunges followed by a plial lunges. We're going to do four sets of 15 to 18 reps per leg for the reverse lunges. Followed by 50 jumps total for the plial lunges. Sometimes it can be harder to gauge the weight that you need to use for higher reps. So I like to use the first set as my tester set so I can see if I need to go higher or lower as far as we go for my second set to stay in that 15 to 18 rep range. So I never climbed my rice period. I judge how I feel. I'm just putting on the day. Depending on the exercise, this could be anywhere between 30 seconds, a minute and a half. So you want to keep your heart right high enough, but you don't want to put yourself too hard so that you're able to keep your level of performance up. Okay. For this 30-per-set, we're going to be doing step-up followed by a plial lunges. We're going to do four sets of each. For step-ups, we're going to do 15 to 18 reps per leg. And for squat jumps, we're going to be doing 20 to 30 jumps. For your step-ups, you want to find a box or a bench that when you step onto it, your knee forms a 90-degree angle. Because this is a lighter of my two workout days, this is it so much about how much weight I can left, but more about focusing on form and functional movement athletic movements. And then also because they don't do much cardio, this is a good cardio-bastula workout as well. So that's it for my higher-up plial leg workout. My heavier leg workout is provided on the page below. If you have any more questions about either one of these workouts, you can find me on body space. My username is Kay Baymiller. For more videos and content like this, keep coming back to bodybuilding.com.