So this just looks absolutely amazing. It looks good. It's quick, it's easy and of course it's gluten free. I'm gonna put it in my teeth. Hello and welcome to thebodybuilding.com kitchen. I'm Kendall Lushmet, athletic ed jathlete, and today we're going to be making my Thai turkey satay skewers. Today we're using about 40 ounces of turkey breast tenderloin. We're going to start with a nice empty bowl and mix the liquid ingredients for our marinade. They have cup of rice vinegar. 3 tablespoons of gluten free soy sauce or liquid amino's which taste just as amazing. And 3 tablespoons of lime juice. And we'll add the dry ingredients. Table spoon and a half of minced garlic. 2 tablespoons of curry. 1 teaspoon of ginger powder. 1 half teaspoon of wasabi. 1 half teaspoon of ground turmeric. And a half teaspoon of cayenne pepper. And I'll just give it a few more stirs to make sure everything's mixed together really well. Okay, so now that our marinade's done, we'll take our cube turkey and we'll place it in a large bag. With a really good seal on it. Take the marinade, pour it into the bag with the turkey. Seal up the bag and then massage the marinade into the turkey. You can tell everything's coated when all the turkey has that same rich color to it. So if you've never worked with curry or tamarik before, I'll give you a little warning that it is very colorful. And if you're like myself and you have acrylic nails, it can potentially leave them a nice colorful orange ish yellow for quite a while after you skewer. Your turkey is so I'm going to go ahead and slip on some latex gloves. All you have to do is take your skewer and of course fill it up with meat. And then rest the ends on the side of the pan. So both of our trays are done now. We cooked them separate to make sure that each tray got the same type of exposure from the broiler flame. We'll slide off a chunk from my first skewer. I'm going to do forever to eat a part. So these turned out great. This is one of my favorite ways to eat my turkey. It's a nice way to mix it up if you're getting real sick and eating turkey and chicken breast. It's quick, it's easy and of course it's gluten free. All the details for this recipe including the macronutrient breakdown are on the page directly below this video. For more recipes and videos like this for me, keep coming back to bodybuilding.com.