So this just looks absolutely amazing. It looks good. It's quick, it's easy and of course it's gluten free. Hello and welcome to thebodybuilding.com kitchen. I'm Kendall Lushman, athletic edge athlete. And today we're going to be making my garlic and herb gluten free shrimp. The shrimp that we're going to be using today is raw peeled tail on shrimp. But about a pound to make the marinade we're going to start with one teaspoon of basil, one teaspoon of Italian seasoning, one teaspoon of paprika, one tablespoon of stevia, one tablespoon of olive oil, one tablespoon of lime juice, and a tablespoon and a half of minced garlic. So once you have all your ingredients in the bowl, you just snap the lid on nice and securely. And then you shake it really well until everything's coated. And since there's paprika in there, generally when everything's well coated, all the shrimp kind of have an even red color to them, just a real slight red. It looks pretty good. Put it in the refrigerator here for about two hours just to let the marinade set. So before I open up, I'm going to give it just a few more quick shakes. To get all the juice from the bottom over the shrimp again. Everything looks good, nicely colored. I'm going to take this baking sheet and just lightly spray it with some non-stick spray. We're going to take the shrimp, lay them out one layer on the pan. We're ready to place them in the oven and bake them at 350 degrees, depending on the size of your shrimp, the time can vary, so you're going to want to keep an eye on them. I really love to incorporate shrimp into my diet because it's a lean protein, just like chicken or turkey, but as a completely different flavor, it makes you feel like you're eating a really fancy, delicious meal, even though it's relatively inexpensive and very quick and easy to make. So this just looks absolutely amazing. I'm excited to try one. Sweet. It's perfect. I love it. I really do. I really do. I want all the details for this recipe, including the macronutrient breakdown, are on the page directly below this video. For more of my recipes and videos like this, keep coming back to bodybuilding.com. Thank you.