I train every day to look great and perform better. But fitness isn't always a serious business. I also train for fun. I'm Kazeato Ejam, muscle up. Hey guys, Kazeato Ejam here, bodybuilding.com athlete. Today I'm going to take you through my muscle up full body workout. Now this workout is in consist of two circuits. You start to have four exercises and the whole workout should take you about 30 minutes to do. Now the entire goal of this workout is to help you achieve a muscle up. Now what is a muscle up? Muscle up is one of those litmus tests to see how great your physical fitness level is. Let me show you a muscle up and then we'll get the workout started. Make it sure again, muscle up with the mic on. Pay close to attention to what we're going to do this once. All day! Easy! muscle up. muscle up. Oh man, better than pressing people at the public pool. Okay, now before we get into it, like I said, we're going to break down the components of the first circuit exercise and the first part of this circuit is designed to help you build that explosiveness that you saw on the muscle up. So now we're going to get into the first circuit. Now the first circuit is in consist of four exercises. First exercise, we're going to start with ten pull ups. They're going to go over to lap pull down. You're going to do six lap pull down to heavy and we're targeting to shoe for over our body weight. So if you weigh 180 pounds, you have to shoe for at least 190 to 200 pounds on lap pull. They're going to go over back to pull ups explosive five of them. And then we're going to finish with bent over barbell rolls for ten reps. This entire circuit should take you about ten minutes and you rest at least one or two minutes in between rounds for four rounds total. All right, exercise one pull ups. So when it comes to circuit one, the reason I put a lot of these exercise together is because those are the first areas that are targeted when you're doing the muscle. For example pull up obviously you need to do how to pull up. It's now we're going to go into the wide bit lap pull down and I'm going to shoe for around two 35 to the weight 25 pounds. So we're going to shoe for more than your body weight. And this exercise is very important in where wrist wraps, but she when you're going heavier because you don't want your forearms to fail before your back muscles do. So the wrist wraps helps to port that. They alleviate the pressure off your wrist and it put all the strength on your back only. The lap pull down is what we do in heavier. What that does is it gives your body that low capacity, that ability to lift more weight. Because you can lift more than your body weight. The pull up should be easy. Because it's a more. All right, back over the pull up. We're going to be doing explosive pull ups. Five reps. The explosive pull ups means you pull with all your force almost trying to pull your body above the bar. Okay. We're trying to do them fast after we lifted heavy. Your body should be acclimated to heavy weight. So that those explosive pull ups feel almost effortless. You should be able to pump out as many explosive pull ups as you can. Last part. Bend over barbell rows. Still using the straps. Like I said, you want to take the pressure off your wrist and your forearms. So you can actually target your back a little bit more. And at the beginning of muscle ups. Some people tend to kick. It means you swing. When you swing you tend to pull more. Or your middle up and back. So that's what the bent over barbell rows helps to target. Swing that area. So when you get up to the next part. What the next round of the circuits. Which helps with the other aspects of your muscle. So doing them in this order is going to help the first portion of your muscle. Now one thing you noticed on the. The bent of a barbell row. They did them a little bit differently. I tried to do it more explosive because like I said. The muscle up is an explosive exercise. So when you're doing it bent over barbell rows. You let it hang and try to pull. While we have explosive. Get used to that whole word explosive. Muscle up explosive explosive explosive. Exercise. So when you get used to that whole by frame and everything else. Exercise that you do. Okay. Let's take one to two minutes rest before we start. Round two. So let's get right into it. Finish is not just about looking good. You know it's about performing good. That's always in my model. When you do it exercise like this or work like this. You're just going to help you perform a lot better. That's going to put you ahead of everybody else. Because if you keep doing what you would do in the forward. You're going to have the same results. But you want to be ahead of everybody else. I always push in yourself to the next level. So this workout is designed to push you to that level. Okay. Now it's your own. Round three. Third round is a little way different from the first two obviously. You're exhausted. You can see it sets in a lot more. Your back starts to spas out a little bit. Your forms. But this is these are the two rounds that actually make sense. These are the rounds you're shooting for. These are the rounds that you're. That's going to set you apart from everyone else. So when you get to this point, this is a true test. You can just stop now. You can give up. But if you give up now, you're actually going to be reaching. You're ultimately going. What is your ultimate goal to prove yourself? Test your physical fitness level. You can't do that by giving up early. So round three and four. Get around the shooting for. Then round three. Woo. Oh. Shit. Sorry, cut. Don't say shit. Alright guys, back completes the fourth round of circuit one. And doing this circuit. If you notice, well, once you complete it, we'll show you which areas. I actually can help you improve your muscle. How's going to help you improve your muscle? You're supposed to do your stamina. You muscle capacity. You're exposed to this. Which in turn. It gives you that ability to achieve a great muscle up. Rest between two to five minutes. And then we'll jump right away into the next circuit. Alright guys, now we're going to get into the second part of this workout. We're going to go into circuit two. And circuit two differentiates a little bit from. The one because for circuit one, we focus a lot on our pulling our exposed to this. And circuit two, we're going to be targeting more the core aspect of the muscle up. Alright, same thing for exercises. We're going to complete four rounds. Rest in at least one to two minutes in between each round. circuit two we won't need wrist straps. Come on a bitch. But we will need weight. A weight belt. Because the first exercise we're going to start with is weight pull-ups for three reps. Get we're going to go right away into body weight dips for ten reps. Going back over to the bar for hanging knee raises for ten reps. And then we're going to finish with pull-ups with knee-tucks for five reps. It's the hardest part to slide in the weight. Alright, I'll choose two. Because last time I did three in the weight belt broke on me midway. So. Okay, now when it comes to slide in the weight for weight pull-ups. Like I said, we're shooting for three reps. You want to choose weight that you can get. Really get three reps with. She can't do one plate just to put your own body weight. And then get three reps later on you can add weight to it. Alright. Seriously. Because this is what we're doing weight pull-ups. I'll give you the option to choose whichever style you want. If you want to do underhand grip, close grip, wide grip, whatever you want. So for this exercise I think I'm going to go with the neutral grip. Like I said. We go over to our dips. That's what helps you press at the top of the muscle. Which is the finishing move of the muscle up. So remember that focus on that. When we get to the dips you want to try to press over where we get over to the bar. Alright, after we just finished the dips we're going to go to the direct exercise. Hanging leg raises. We need to talk to whichever wave is comfortable for you. 10. As it actually really important when it comes to the muscle up, people think it's not. We have to have a good strong core to help you lift. And it actually makes it look a lot easier. That's because I've been training so hard on core strength and core building it up. That makes it a lot easier for me to do muscle up. Alright. For the exercise, we're going to do pull-ups with knee-tucks. That's what's going to give you that extra lift. Expose it over the bar. So, each after the very important, you put them all together. That's going to give you the great foundation for a perfect muscle up. Ooh. First round. One minute rest. Then over to the second one. Move. Oh. Two more rounds to victory. I don't look at how this workout in the beginning. You see the exercises and it's four exercises, third to one, fourth, side, third to two. Three reps here. Six reps here. Ten reps here. Do you think that's easy? So, like I said before, once you get to the third round, you start to see the challenge. You know? But that's what's important. It's always about doing extra. Because what separates the ordinary from the extra ordinary is that little bit extra. So, doing a little bit extra reps, next for round, is going to make you extra ordinary. That's what we want to be. A pull-up is basically, let's test the ordinary. I've sized with a muscle up. It's extra in the ordinary, okay? Let's get to the ordinary. My abs hurt. Just my abs. Okay. This is the fourth round. Find a round of this circuit. Find a round of the entire workout. So, put it in the effort. Power through it. All right. So, in my normal workout regime, what I do is I'm elastic and basic. I exercise. I'll do one muscle group a day. Chest one day, back one day, legs one day. Things like that. But then every once in a while, I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. One muscle group a day. Chest one day, back one day, legs one day. Things like that. But then, every once in a while, I like to take an exercise like this. We're working like this and challenge myself to see how much I've progressed. So, for the full breakdown of this workout is the detail below here on bodybuilding.com. So, if you have any questions on this workout, you can find me on body space at Kids MVP, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, same thing, Kids MVP, and also check out my YouTube channel where I put more workouts just like this for you to do as well. So, check me out there, have any questions? Follow the end of those sites. So, more free videos and articles like this keep coming back to bodybuilding.com.