The fitness culture in India versus other parts of the world, the main differences that I see is that it is behind, by I'd say about 10 years. But it's rapidly growing. It's just the beginning here. So I see what's happening here is what happened in the US. Maybe in late 80s, early 90s where you had the van dams, the stilones, the Schwarzenegger's dominating a box of his screen. And now you have a lot of the bodywood stars with great bodies that inspire in nation. So people are inspired by that and they're filling up the gyms and they want to be educated, they want to learn about nutrition and how to evolve their physique. We hope to continue to expand the nations, you know, of transformations here in India. India has changed my lifestyle, definitely for the better and my routine. The routine was a little bit hard to begin with because, you know, we're in Mumbai here. There's a lot of traffic as a lot of delays. People are on a different time scale to me. Once I wrap my head around that, it was fine. I was able to adapt accordingly. And what I've really enjoyed here is that people are generally happy. You look at the TV, it's all colours and music. People generally have a smile on their face, the weather's great. I can see a definite comparison to how I was to how I am now. We're on a much calmer than what I was and a little bit more relaxed in my approach. Yes. The one thing I missed the most, I'd say, about training in the US. And I don't want to sound nasty or arrogant with this. People generally, you know, kind of leave you alone in the gym. But, you know, it's not uncommon for me to be in a middle of a set here and people come up and talk. Which is absolutely fine. That's not their fault, you know, people in India are just very, very approachable people and they're very curious and they're just happy, interactive people. And I'm not used to that, especially when I go to the gym, when I go to the gym, it's my therapy time. It's my alone time, it's my office. So I have to kind of close everything out there in order for me to internally express myself within the gym, you know. When I train it's much more than a vanity aspect for me, it's more therapeutic. I can stick to the same foods here in India as I do in any other country so I don't find it harder here at all. Two keywis and I'll have two avocados for you to transform, you just need to have your staples, which is what I need to every single day, it'll be lean, culture, you know, chicken, fish, egg whites, you know, oatmeal. So you've got low fat, high fiber, no cholesterol, good, so you can, you know, improve your health fitness and appearance goals regardless of your diet training. So I just had breakfast here now, as you can see, I just had egg whites, I had my roti bread, and you know, generally what I'll do, I'll have that set of for a while and I like to go for a running the morning, you know, I'm here right at the beach in Bandra and you know, when I go out and go for my run, it's my time to climb the clear my head and get myself set for the day. So from there, you know, generally come back and have my pre-workout subs and head to the gym, and then what we're going to do is hit doubts today. And my mindset when I'm going to the gym is generally, you know, visualization of what I'm about to go through in the workout. But to me, it's not really that much for challenge because I've been doing it for so many years now, I've become accustomed to it and I know how to control my environment. As I get older for some reason, I deal with more emotional issues, I don't know why, so I find to dampen those issues, I have to train more intently. I find that the more intense that I train, the more productive that I'm able to be in other aspects of my life. So we're here now, we're at the gym where at a gym called I think fitness here in Bandra. So what I'm going to do is show you some volume and some intensity. And various techniques and angles that I've kind of applied over the past couple of years to make sure that my weakness being my doubts is turning into more of a strength. So we started our first exercise now after the warm-up, was straight into single arm side raises and what we did was 12 repetitions on one side, 12 reps on the other, straight back for 10 reps on the starting side and I followed that theme all the way down to two. So I just find that it's a great way to kind of warm up the joint, the ball and socket, start improving the elasticity to the muscles, start getting a little more electrolite function, more contraction as I start reaching for tea again. I'm going to go a little bit heavier for the second set, rest about 45 seconds and stroke back into it. So that way was perfect. It did 30 pounds on the first 135 on an extra and really rich failure then. By doing one arm at a time I feel that I'm able to isolate my doubt that much more, but you know I still do both the time but I like to do this every night again, swap things up and get the isolation in there. What I'm going to do now is go onto like a side and a front adult raise at the same time where I come out to the side and I come to the front to make sure that I start off with the outer delt but now I start targeting the front as well. So we start hitting the in-between point. I hit 12 repetitions, I rest for five seconds and then I did 10 repetitions and then eight following a thing down again to six and then four and then two and then finish and I'll do one more set on that now as well. Again a real good pump throughout the deltoy. I can't feel any second remussels so that's exactly what I want. A lot of people find it hard to get that mine muscle connection, that neuromuscular education so that they can contract but you know with this give it a try I go into you you won't have any trouble isolating that area whatsoever. So we're going to move on to this bench at an incline about there. Now I really want to get this area here between the chest and the delt. You can only go light on this because it really isolates that much by getting a real good stretch and a contraction is insane. So we're going to go 10 pounds. We're going to do the girly weights. Okay so on that we did 20 reps. Make sure we're going to good stretch real good stretch out the deltoy. You wouldn't normally get if you're standing upright and you only come up not even 45 degrees. Just stop there any further than that you'll kind of rest. Hold it there for about one to two seconds come back down don't even go all the way down we're resting constant tension applied to the delt. Come back up and repeat that for 20 times and then I just rapid out with a little bit of momentum because I've pre-futy that muscle so then the isolation is just still within a front delt. I'm going to go a little bit heavier now anyway especially because I don't want to look like a girly front of you guys so I'm going to go up to 15 pounds. The next movement I want to go into now is going to hit all heads of the delt so we're going to do some upright rows here now with a variation of grips. So we'll start it off wide to 10 reps so what I find is going wide to begin with that really targets the rear the posterior delt especially if I come out in a slight angle just to get that contraction wherever your elbows point you're pretty much guaranteed that's where you're going to target when to the medium shoulder width and at 10 as I start going closer elbow start pointing up. Because I'm starting to try to target the traps a little bit more than and then close into 10. So wide posterior delt closer a little bit more traps so I started off with 10 reps then I did 10 and then did another 10. Obviously accumulating to 30. So I'm taking my arms up to take the headphones off but now I'm going to go a little bit heavier if it means decreasing the reps a little bit so be it because I feel like I'm completely isolated and pre-fitting now. From that final set I had to rest of the balls but that's okay. It's your body that's going to give out before you're brain. Take some deep breaths in between the sets and like I said take that meditative approach. That's it. What was that about 40 minute workout if that and now we'll just go and have a post-workout shake on wind and get ready for the day. That's it. So remember if you've got any questions for me and regards this workout or anything else then you know you can contact me on body space. My name is Cage D'Mussel, spelled K-A-G-E-D-Mussel, M-U-S-E-L-E and contact me through my body groups on body space and you know for more content like this with this video series or any other video series from Neil Hill, Jimstapani, Dorian Yates all the experts are on there. You know where to go. You get all this good content on bodybuilding.com. Peace. Live reporting from Mumbai. We're on the way to the gym right now. Hey persistent.