So we just finished our workout with James. He's going to turn the tables now. He's got a great set of abs. So I wanted him to put me through an abs session. So I'm excited and willing to give it a go. So let's see what he's got in store. I'm going to start off with a decline bench overhead bar down. Okay. It's not often an unloaded bar just for a warm-up. So just wearing the shoulder width grip. Yeah. Sit up. Flex is our main board thim sweat but it is also cool. On the way down. It's going to negative crunch. Right okay. Bar is that shooting up and dead straight. Nine. Yeah. So what is the advantage of having a bar? There just as accurate resistance and as extra resistance. It's extra resistance. I need more costability to support it right. Because normally you'd have a weight into your direct. Direct. Yeah. It's not much more bling around. You'll take the weight away from your body. Yeah. I'll believe it. It looks a little bit harder. Okay. Okay. Right. Want me to go straight into the air? Go straight into the war up. That tends to be a few reps and then we'll stick it up and it'll be a bit slow. I'm not going to sit right up and rotate the shoulders. Right well I was the last of the three to be put through our workouts and on behalf of the grenade team and the boys who had just been slaughtered. Tables returned and I was able to put Chris through an abs workout. We started with decline overhead barbell bench sit-ups. I want a decline bench with a barbell. Sitting up allowing the shoulders to go through rotation to the bars directly above the head and then controlling the negative phase. We start off with a warm-up set, empty bar and then put a few plates on for two more sets. Okay, for all the steps we're going to do on a working rest. We're going to sit straight into the right. I'm going to sit in a little warm-up setting, a little white on it. Look at that. For all the steps today we'll do it working rest. Are you rest? I'm working right. Okay right. I'm going to sit in the middle of the barbell. Man, it's just a bit easy to do. Oh no, it's got brakes from abs. Oh yeah, I struggled without any weight. I said, it's off his feet. Oh that's okay. I find it really hard to hold. I've been the legs down since we were in the country. I've got a record that's been down. I've made it to feet. It's a cool level. Yeah, yeah. We're going to think when you're legs are up. Give it a down. How many reps? Well, same as the 12 but I lost count. We're going to have to 12. Okay. That's good. That's good. I said keep that good rotation through the shoulders. That's just enough. It's like that bar around. It's good, you got it. I lost you now, I'm sorry. Oh. That's good. Red. I made that. Boy. That's good. Last set, just a little bit more weight on. That's good. It's good. Yeah, it's good too. Oh. So you're getting the impression you can just keep going. I can't even tell you. All right, the finals were great. Okay. You're way something you reach value before you were able to rest for us? Yes, definitely. That's good, nice and strong. Oh, your head's set up, so it was a completely inaccessible press. When most of us do that to work out, you'll feel the pump isolating in your apples muscles. It's all of your dominoes around the sides, but with the overhead sits up, because it's massive core strength work out as well. You don't get the lactic acid buildup, you just reach muscle failure. And on the last set that we were doing, as you're controlling the negative phase down, which is the hardest part of it. Second to last set, Chris just slump down. And then that point you know you've reached failure. Try control the lowering a little bit more. Excellent. Is that so? Any new exercise is going to shop the system, and you are going to struggle and fight it, you know, really, really tough going. And he did really well. Yeah, it's funny because like I said, I could feel it with course, you know, really stretchers of course, I could practice and but the strength is just getting the politic from the hands. Yeah, it isn't so much of a pump that it is just, just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, yeah. So, we're going to fail. Now because for me, if you do higher reps, they're just brewing, brewing, brewing, brewing, here, and just the belly. Okay, next exercise we're going to do is win-mills. Nice, like good. Licks have come up. All right, I'm down. I'm down. Okay, okay, just make it harder, more challenging, and to push you past, want him to get up. Now I see the standing front of me. So, for the danger of me giving up, and a bit, you know, all right, you've been not going to get up. Take your one of you down, so, you can push me. Second exercise we did was on the pull-up bar. Win-mills made it a little bit more challenging by getting Chris to stand in front of me for my reps. The end of the game is just to keep my legs good up. The nice circulation around over his head. Once I reach failure, I would have taken his head off. So, I stopped just before failure, which was good. We were working on a working rest system. So, as soon as I came off the bar, Chris was up there working, while he was working that was my rest. And we just kept stopping that through throughout the whole workout. I'm down a rest. It's a failure. I know that I would be kicking you in the head. I'd say, have a rest now. Okay, you know what I'm saying? I know, so I'd see, you know, that I was stepping into the head. Like, the pain that the brakes are normally doing. If I ever do, it's normally on the swings. Like, that was our fine grip just to keep doing it. Eventually, it dripples. Straighten for now. I'm also behind as well, you're working more. You're bleeding that. It's going to go off. So, legs straight. Like, straight as straight as possible. I'm saying straight as possible as high as possible. But again, it was a brand new exercise to him. He's not used to putting his body through that emotion. So, it was good and challenging. Ask him. You grip goes before your abs come off. Shake it and get that out. He's a lot more heavier, he's carrying a lot more muscle, mass than me. So, power to weight ratio, I might have a slight advantage over him. But again, it's just the fact that I've done these exercises before. But for the bigger guys to get your legs up and around in a controlled manner, they may can be quite challenging for that first. Still working on the working rest, though. Okay, when we stand there again, we go. Yeah, good. Okay. Okay, okay, yeah. Okay, contouring up. Amazing Excitiveness This one Beautiful More Pretty nice Oh, shit. That was three times. No, my bike's. Everything else. My bike sets, and I find that I probably don't have the flexibility in my legs. I don't like it. Yeah, yeah. To get them up, you know. So, definitely something I need to work on, and I'm so used to grabbing all of everybody's straps. So, you know, it's just put in a lot of strain on my forearms, which obviously this is my weakest link that I need to work on. So, these are two this, and the exercise before things are definitely going to work off, because it's exposing weakness in that, which is good. Okay, next exercise we've got is back on the foot of bar again, toes to bar. Yeah, okay. In the grab of wide grip, and you should look before, or narrow grip, doesn't really matter. Or you're doing as lifting your feet up. So, it's touching the bar. Yeah. It's easier. It's obviously bringing you these in nice and tight. Okay, okay. If you've got more strength, keep your legs straight. Okay. Okay. Okay. Again, two sets to play there. So, the exercise we did was toes to bar, grabbing onto a pull-up bar, just raising your feet up, til your toes touch the bar, and then lowering your feet in a controlled manner. It started off keeping our legs quite close to the body, to make it sort of that much more easier. But as the sets went on, challenged him a little bit further, asked him straightness legs a bit more. That just increased the lever length, the made it extra bit of weight, challenges core, which he definitely felt. We did two sets to failure of that. And again, new exercise for him, but he did really well. Okay. Now, let's go for a lot of strength. He just relax your foot and trust on the weight to hold you. Okay. So, here we go. Okay. Last exercise on the bar. You're hanging it upside down, using some ground-tribs. You're looking, you're looking for some boots or ankle hooks. You're going to pull the bar, you're going to effectively do a touch to bar. And pull the feet in. Okay. That one's in. Hang. Okay. Yeah. Does that your ankles will act, step on the, try to flex it up. And for that, you're just going to do very slow crunches. Okay. Yeah. If you start cheating yourself up, you'll start swinging legs. Okay. So try to control it. Move the bar if you need to. Okay. The full factor size being introduced to some equipment, called gravity boots. A little ankle clips, a clip around your feet. They've got a metal hook on them and it allows you to hang upside down off the bar. From that, we did upside down crunches for the first set. Slightly more challenging than on the floor or on a decline bench just because you've got to control your body from swinging. Maybe you're also working fully against gravity. Yeah. This is an average. Yeah. This is an average. We're going to flex with our sulking coming up. We're going to hold it with our sulking. Okay. So to get up there, we've got two to wrap up. I'll get my self first and look what I do. Yeah. To get you off, press, actually, we just get your hands in back to the bar. And then we'll put the back to the bar and then we'll put the back to the bar. I'll see how I do it. I'll see how I do it. Okay. So it's going. You need to get it. It's too hot. No. No. Come on. Come on. No. No. Come on. Uh. What's up? Okay. It does. Two left. Two left. Two left. We're going to relax. It's three left, so three left. Yeah. We'll take it. That's how it's done. Okay. Do the core in. And then just crunch. So a nice and steady crunch, just he don't swing. It's hard left to swing. It is. If I stop seeing you swinging three bucks, just stick your arm out and grab hold of the frame. Oh, Chris got up here. Oh, that's a piece of love. Oh. Let's get it out. Get it out. Oh. You be a piece. Oh. You be a piece. Oh. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Okay. Yeah. Good crunch. Boom. Three. Okay. Yeah. Good. Nice. Whoa. Whoa. Let's go. Let's go. Oh. Let's go. Let's go. Yeah. Because of the rushes for the head, we wouldn't do this for more than a minute. Yeah. Keep it 30 seconds for a minute, though. Yeah. And if it's squeezing out, say 10 reps. Yeah. Two second up, two second down. It will say that time rough, then. Okay. One more second. Let's do it. Slay changing things, not. I think I'll wait there for a second to it. I needed that. Okay. It's hard for you to do that. It's just crunching. What we're going to do is we're reaching. It's nice to have front and then the other side. We're going to be going side crunches in as well as an orange. Okay. Stop swinging. Crunch. That second set was we picked up a five kilogram plate. And we were alternating between a front crunch and a side crunch. Just to work a bit more, if you're a bleaks. And then as we reached failure on crunching, we can go on a crunch. We just did a static ice-smeter at hold. We held the weight out. Arms length. Nice right angle position, hanging it upside down. Hold your own air. Nice strong back. And it really, really does challenge the whole of your core. Hold it. Just like that. And you feel like in your abs, do you know? I have already keep it up at the shoulder as well. To the lower your core for the abs, on it. Oh, like. You want it to feel adventurous. It's an imitation of twist. You can actually add a rotational twist in as well. Just challenges as stability, core muscles, so that little bit further. I think we managed about two or three reps each. That's very stretching. That's it. So if the bars went there, I was hanging the other way. I would have walked with some more. Okay, quite a little bit. Just relax the feet. It's kind of weird. Well, you do this with all of that weight plate. So, we're going to stretch the front side. Back to the front. And to the other side. If you want to keep on doing this, a not going to stretch the head. Just drop the weight. Perfectly to do it. Go on. Oh, excuse me. You're going to see the cart crunching. Safety issue to be considered with the gravity boots. You will be hanging upside down for possibly up towards the net. So, all the blood will be rushing towards your head. If you have high blood pressure, probably recommend this exercise. I'll also recommend always having a spotter or a training partner or someone to hand. So, once you reach failure on the crunches, they can actually give you a hand up to hang back onto the bars. You can unhook your feet. You don't very slightly lower the weight. Awesome. That's tough. The thorn of twisty. Yeah. There's a little bit scary as well. You can't just constantly pick it up. The weight goes into one foot and the other one unhooking. In one. Now, I know when it plays mind trick to the other. But I like ice. For a crisp, final exercise today. I always finish with these as planks. You can have a front plank and then side plank. And both sides. Great for courseability for this course strength. Okay, okay. So, you know, adopt the session as such. I'll be honest. I'm sure you know this, but you can go through it the camera. Alright, all those. Draw the abs in. Good night and straight. All the way from head to toe. And hold. Okay, the 30 seconds. Okay. So, don't forget to keep breathing nice and steady. Variations for this. If you are fighting it too easy, everything is slightly rocked forwards and backwards. Okay. Deep up and down. We will shoulders. And move forward leg off the floor. Move forward leg on one arm. Okay. If you don't have a bench that you're feeling, how strong you are. Let your bridge gain more. Okay, 30 seconds. Walk to the side. Strucks one elbow. Push your hips. Push your hips. Nice and forward. And then lift. That's good. The tendency of the sides is people tend to dip forward. You can keep your body nice and straight. Okay. All the way. Bring through that top shoulder. If the hips up, it's like you know, it's just going to go. I've checked it. Okay, all the time. We'll swap around. And we'll shoulder. Okay. So, switch. You don't have to get push your hips forward. And then raise your hips up. You can do that call, Jordan. 20 seconds. 10 seconds. That deep, deep. Just got to go and do this. Maybe we'll show you when they get down. All the exercises today. Um, and cool, stretching. The whole core. The core as a whole is the place of isolating certain parts. Of the muscle group. Uh, full crest being a body builder. Um, very, very important. I've had perfect set of defined abs. And that comes with lifting masses of weights. The more core strength you have, the more weight you will be able to lift. And all these exercises today, we're incorporating core strength as well as, you know, the standard crunch move, standard twists. Um, so hopefully it all increases core strength, which will enable him to lift heavy weights. Push them tough further when he goes back to what he's used to do. All right, cool, all right, 10. To me, there's harder guys. If you want to add some dips in some it, go either weight plate, rest on your head. Do dips with the weight plate. You can add some rotational twists in to it. Okay, switch. And switch, last 30 seconds. To make a higher stilt, go one foot and then add rotation twists. That's how it's going to go. Okay. 5, 6, good. Yeah, good. Okay. With hips forward and hip-sup. Take it last five. Okay, good. Alright, then training has finished. All our grenade athletes, despite I'm in training for a while, I've definitely learnt something off Chris and hopefully being put through one of our workouts. Here's something from us as well.