I was in five or six car accidents, total, which resulted in a broken back. I decided that I was going to go to the gym and see if I could make it stronger myself and I became addicted. I'm Laura McGraw and I am the Optiminatrition 100,000 dollar transformation winner for 2012. My group in England, born in London and Dad was playing for a team there. I watched him get up every day and go for a run. He used to do sit-ups in the living room and he was the kind of athlete that didn't necessarily come to a gym every day but worked out every day. In Europe, you are gone in the morning and somebody may feed your lunchtime and then you go play the rest of the day and I always just competed with the boys because there wasn't girls' teens per se. So if there was a running race I'd just run with the boys or soccer. I'd do a play soccer football technically with the boys. But I wasn't really a tomboy. I love girl-y stuff. I love putting a dress on and he'll go out for a dinner and I also love the gym and I don't mind getting dirty and love competition and that comes from my family for sure. Everything we did was a competition. Who can brush their teeth the fastest? You can get everything every day that we did was competitive. I was in five or six car accidents total which resulted in a broken back. And back then I think it was, I was thinking about this bad luck and now I look back and I think that everything happens for a reason and I wouldn't be in the gym and working out lifting weights of it. Hadn't been for those car accidents because there was nothing that could fix it. They tried all sorts of different procedures and numbing the spine and everything they could possibly think of to fix it without having to fuse the spine. And so I decided that I was going to go to the gym and see if I could make it stronger myself and I became addicted. They said I think that the past enabled me to do well in the challenge because when I did finally get everything dialed in and then taken a supplement and I was watching when I was eating calorie-wise and contented food and just got everything in line and when it came off I said, oh look what just happened look what I did for the last 10 years of lifting weights and going to the gym and now I got the weight off and I have the muscle masses there so. About four weeks into the challenge, bodybuilding.com sent me in my order the body by design book and I started reading through it and one of the pillars in the book is about being accountable and sharing your experience with other people. And so I decided that I was going to do a fundraiser for the school and six weeks into my challenge started 30 moms and dads at the school in the same program I was doing and I think that that's huge when you're doing a program like this it's share what you're doing with other people. People in to give to others that are trying to change their lives and either with exercise or eating writer and I'm just being more positive without expecting anything great turning. That was a big learning experience for me because I felt that I needed to be a hundred percent committed to what I was doing to show them that they could do it too. My training is for ever changing and I always start my week with a plan of what I want to get accomplished but I don't really assign days to specific activities and busy because they am baseball and soccer and dance and all sorts of stuff so I know what I want to get accomplished and I would say probably 90 percent of the time I get it accomplished when it's going to happen in a one-order. If I get up in the morning and in my mind I thought I was going to do legs today and I'm just not feeling exciting. I know I need tons of energy for legs. Then I switch it up and maybe I'll do shoulders and abs because it's one thing that I want to get accomplished in that week. For the program I did Jamie's lift fit plan and I took a bit about sticking to it and towards the end she does a really high rep pretty intense superset some cardio intervals in between and so that was some new stuff for me. I've been very traditional in the way around 8 to 12 reps, three sets and so changing it up with Jamie's training program was great and my fighter responded differently to it so that was cool. You know the new philosophy and training with a lot of the programs is very very little cardio and that's hard for me because that's my in-dorther release. That's when I think and when I clear my mind and so I do cardio every day and usually somewhere around an hour. One of my favorite machines is a subbell and just stepping up the subbell you just feel like you're about to do your stuff and there's rarely a day that I don't do something active so a rest day for me is maybe an hour on the elliptical with heart rate maybe 60% of my act so I got some great tunes always in my ear. All I will drive home to get me. I pot if I don't have it with me so I'm always good music and I enjoy it I think this is a minute if I didn't like it and maybe I wouldn't work out so hard but I love it. I love getting sweaty I love picking up a 50-con dumbbell. Well my nutrition program is really basic and for me don't count calories and I don't weigh and I can eat the same thing every day so I can have chicken and broccoli every day for 12 weeks if I need to chicken and bread. It's very black in the way so I don't eat a lot of variety. I did eat a lot of Jamie's muffins which are the turkey meatloaf muffins in cupcake containers. So they were awesome. I'd make four batches and three half of them and so I could always grab them. I did the body by design nutritional program more so than Jamie's program. They're very similar. Jamie's is just more detailed of listing out foods. Normally I'd have oatmeal for breakfast. A couple hours later I made reaching to the fridge and grabbed some turkey then it went and shall have a spinach salad usually and kind of throw whatever's in the fridge on their vegetable-wise and chicken. If I've had chicken cooked or sourced more turkey on there and some point during the day I'll have a protein shake on the go. Always have a bar in the car. A protein bar in the car. I think that while my goal is to eat whole foods as often as I can I'd rather eat a protein bar or a protein shake if I don't have anything else. I don't believe in cheap meals per I think if you're at the weight that you want to be at then every once in a while you can have a treat and it's okay. For the program I was clean and I found in the past that diet was my number one obstacle. I enjoy working out. I knew that about myself. I'd always been active but I always had this extra 10 pounds, 15 pounds depending on where I was or if I just had a baby and so I knew in order for me to get where I wanted to be I had to be a 100% wan which is great for me because I'm very black and white so that worked for me. My supplements I believe in supplements I think that they supplement your diet they're great. I have not been consistent in the past with supplements and so I was 99% consistent with my supplements this time and without a doubt it made a huge difference. I had never done BSAs before and I've always struggled with recovery and so I couldn't go day after day after day with hitting it hard and then getting up and doing it again and being able to get a 100% number again and so I would say that the BSAs was probably the biggest change in my supplement program. I've always done a multi-vitamin. I did a mega as I always do a mega as I supplement with protein pattern when I don't have pulses on hand, same with protein bars. It's individual to everybody. What their body needs to help them recover and help them feel better and be able to work out again and enjoy working out. So for me it was BCA as I think I was lacking them internally and they made a world of different domains. Each supplement does something different but it doesn't mean that your body needs that. I think everybody needs a multi-vitamin. Protein powder is great to have as far as what kind of protein powder my body digests way protein is best but somebody else's body might do better on a sway protein way so it really depends on how you digest different foods and and what works for you. I don't think that it would have been able to achieve the goals in 12 weeks without supplementation but they haven't been able to do it before and I feel like I finally found what was lacking in myself to be able to recover and I needed those hard workouts more than once or twice a week. I needed three or four days a week in order to make that large transformation over a short period of time. I'm lucky that I feel that my body responds to whatever I throw at it. So it was responding to my workouts in the way that it could based on what I was giving it. So when I started giving it the BCA's and the amag is in the multi every single day it turned into a clock. It was expecting it. You know on Sundays I have my big supplement holder and open it all up and it has an amp and on Sunday night religiously. I filled up the entire week and I was good to go and for sure my body feels great to be better than ever actually. I've been a 41 this year so it took me a while to figure it out but I got it. Well that's it for my training, my nutrition, my supplementation. If you want to know anymore or ask me any questions you can sign me about a space that Laura McGraw. If you are looking for more motivation and you want to make a transformation you can get on bodybuilding.com and find tons of resources, transform your body lots of motivation lots of people they're willing to help you. You can sign up for a contest just like I did. I lost 22 pounds and 16% body fat in 12 weeks so can you.