You're not to me, is a blueprint. You are an architect beneath your skin like the plant for your fastest, strong, and the longest, most powerful self. If you can learn the structure of your skeleton, you make up of your muscle and the mechanics of movement, you can create your best possible body. I'm Mike Robertson. This is Bill By Science. If you're serious about building a complete physique, it really begins at ends with your legs. In my opinion, they may be the most important muscle group to hone in development. Let's be honest, there's no way you can short-change yourself. If you're not pushing it in the gym, there's no way you're going to develop the type of size and strength you're capable of without getting a great looking set of legs. When you think about it, the legs are literally half the body, and there's five big muscle groups that we're going to cover here today. Your quads, your hamstrings, your glutes, your adductors, or groin muscles, as well as your caps. So there's a ton of real estate and a ton of information that we're going to cover in this video. With that being set, there's four areas that we want to cover with you guys here today. Number one, we're going to cover the muscular anatomy like we just talked about. We're going to cover the skeletal anatomy, the bones and the joints involved in those movements. Third, we're going to show you the motions that your bones and joints and muscles work together to create, and then we're going to finish it off by showing you guys a few key exercises that we think best represent how your body should move when you're in the gym. We've selected IFBB physique pro Krika Perso. We're going to help you guys better understand the anatomy and the function so that you can get the most out of your training in the gym. As I already alluded to, the legs are literally half of your body. We're going to cover five big muscle groups and 17 individual muscles in this episode. And if you ask me, there's no better place to start than whatever guy wants to build, it's great looking set of quads. So we got Krika Krika, if you just kind of relax here for me, quads means four individual muscle groups. So you've got what's called your vastus, ladder out of us, your vastus, media out of us, vastus, intermediate, and your rectus femurus. So we'll start with rectus femurus because it's unique. It actually starts at the top of your hip and comes all the way down and crush your knee. Next onto what's called your quad or peteler tendon. And this muscle is unique because it's the only one of your quad muscles that crosses your hip. From there, you've got what's called your vastus ladder out of us. And a lot of people want to talk about their outer thigh sweet. It comes from the top of your femur, comes all the way down across, and it also attaches to that quad or peteler tendon. From there, you've got your inner thigh or that vastus media out of us. And you guys can see we talk about a tear drop. I mean, Krika's like a perfect example of that. So that vastus media out comes from the top of the thigh, comes all the way down and around, and attaches to his quad or peteler tendon. And then last but not least, you can't see it, but your vastus intermedius. It runs deep to your rectus femurus, and it comes all the way down, and also attaches onto that quad or peteler tendon. So quadriceps, four muscles, obviously the biggest bulk of the front of your thigh. So when we talk about legs, you may have heard people talk about the term feathers. Krika's a great example here because you can see all the individual fibers. You can see how his fibers are penetated. And that just means the angle of a nation or the angle of his muscle fibers. So I mean, he's a great example to look at. And when you're in the gym, you want to get after it. If you want to build a great looking set of quads, that's where you're going to look at. A squat, a lunge, or even a leg extension type exercise. Now that we've covered the front of the thigh, let's take a look at the back. So I'm going to have Craig turn around, and keep in mind, I get it. If you want to get big, strong quads, that's cool, but make sure you're spending equal time developing the back. So when we're talking about the back, we're looking at the hamstrings. And there's three hamstring muscles, but don't be confused because the biceps femurus, the first one we're going to talk about, has two individual heads. So the biceps femurus runs from the isle tuberosity, or essentially what's called your sit bone, comes down, and attaches onto what's called your fibula, or one of your lower leg bones. So you have your long head, it only makes sense that you have a short head as well. So in this case, the short head runs from the back of your thigh, and it also comes down and attaches to the fibula. So biceps femurus, it's one muscle with two different heads. And you also have two more hamstring muscles, and they're more on the inner portion of the thigh. You have what's called your semi-memberinosis, and it runs from the isle tuberosity, comes down, and it attaches to your fibula, or your other lower leg bone. And the thing that helps you remember, semi-memberinosis, it's more medial, or closer to the mid-bine, relative to the third muscle, semi-tinentosis. And it runs from the isle tuberosity, comes down, and it also attaches onto your tipion. And it's going to be a little bit more medial than the other one. Up to this point, we've covered the quads, and we've covered the hamstrings. Now let's talk about another muscle group that people love to work on and sculpt, and that's your glutes. You've got three glute muscles, your glute max, your glute made, and your glute min. We're going to start with a glute max, because that's the most obvious one of the ones that most people are focusing their time on in the gym. Your glute max runs from your sacrum, and your thoracolumbar fascia, which is essentially this big piece of connective tissue. And it comes down, and it attaches onto what's called your IT band, or your iliotibial band, which is another big piece of connective tissue, and it runs down, and crosses your knee joint. So that's one attachment. It also comes down, and it attaches onto the outer portion of your thigh. So when people are talking about glutes, most often they're talking about their glute max. So now let's take a look at the glute meat. Craig, if you can give me a quarter turn here. A lot of times, people don't hear about the glute made or the glute min, because they are deeper muscles. You can't see them, so most people think they're not important. But your glute meat is actually a very critical stabilizer of your hip and your thigh. So your glute meat, if you can imagine, runs along the top of your iliot crest here, or the top of your hip bone, comes down, and it attaches onto your outer thigh. Even deeper to that is your glute min, and it's a very small muscle right here on the outer portion of your hip, and it also comes down and attaches onto the outer portion of your thigh. So don't forget, when you're training your legs, when you're training your hips, you've got three glute muscles, glute max, glute medius, and glute menimus. Next, muscle group, we're going to talk about called your adductors. Now, a lot of people maybe aren't familiar with these, or they don't realize just how important these small muscle groups are. So you actually got five adductors muscles that we're going to cover here today. All of them start on what's called your pubis, or if you can imagine kind of the inside of your hip, that's where your pubis is. So they all come off this pubis and come down and attach to the inside of your thigh. So the first one is called your pectinius. It comes down and across and attaches to the top of your thigh. Second, you have what's called your adductor brevis, and brevis just means short, so it comes down and across and attaches below the pectinius. Third, you have your adductor longus, so again, running from the pubis comes down. So you guys can imagine how these are almost layered in fashion. Fourth, and one I want you guys to make note of, the adductor magnets. It's probably the biggest adductor. It runs from your pubis, comes down and it attaches not only to the inside of your thigh, but a little bit lower down as well. And that makes your adductor magnets quite unique. Last but not least, you've got a long skinny muscle, called your grisillus. And it runs from your pubis, come all the way down and attaches to the tibia, or the inside of your lower leg bone. So we covered five big adductor muscles, pectinius, adductor brevis, adductor longus, adductor magnets, and grisillus. And what's important, I don't want you guys to confuse these with the quads or the hamstrings. They're absolutely important for bulk and width, front to back side to side of your thighs, but they are unique. And we're going to make sure that we try and use some exercises to develop these muscles in their own right. Last but not least, we're going to look at the calves or the lower leg muscles. I'm going to have Craig go ahead and turn around here, and there's essentially two muscle groups that were interested in developing. Your gastrocnemius and your solius. With your gastrocnemius, it's unique because it crosses your knee joint. So you have what's called a lateral head of your gastrocnemius, and you also have a medial head. And both of those heads converge or come down and attach to your Achilles tendon. Deep to that gastrocnemius, you have what's called your solius. And your solius attaches to your tibia and your fibula, those two lower leg bones, and it also comes down and attaches onto the Achilles tendon. So two muscles, one crosses the knee, but both attach to the Achilles tendon and help create planar flexion, which we'll talk a little bit more about. Later on. So we've covered a lot of ground in this video. Five big muscle groups and 17 individual muscles. Just as a quick recap, you got your calves. You got your hamstring, the big muscles on the back of your thigh. You got your glutes or your butt muscles for lack of a better turn. If we spin Craig around, you got your quad, the big guys on the front of the thigh, and then it turns his thigh out. We're just a little bit. You get a good look at the ad after some of those inner thigh muscles. So we spin a lot of time covering the muscles. Now let's jump into the bones and joints involved in creating all these different movements. Now that we've covered the muscular anatomy, let's take a look at the individual bones and joints that work together in your lower body and your hip. To create motion. The first bone that I want to talk about is called your pelvis. And if you imagine on both sides of your body, you've got a pelvis and it kind of works like a bowl to shape and tie everything together. So your pelvis is a really critical structure. Within your pelvis, coming on down, you've got your femur or your big thigh bone. Working our way down even further, you've got your big lower leg bone, which is called your tibia. And that's kind of the media of the two. It's right here in the front. And last but not least, you've got this smaller bone called your fibula. And while most people don't talk about it, it only absorbs about 10% of your body weight. So when most people are talking about their lower leg, they're typically talking about the tibia versus the fibula. Now that you have a better understanding of the bones, let's see how they all work together to create joints which will help us create movement. I'm going to have Craig go ahead and give me a quarter turn again. And when you think about your pelvis, it's really simple. It's got two basic motions. It's got what's called anterior tilt or rolling the hips forward. And it's got what's called posterior tilt, where he rolls the hips back and underneath it. So the pelvis is fairly straightforward. But from there, you've got your hip joint. And your hip is essentially your thigh bone coming into this socket here. So it's what's called a ball and socket joint. And at that ball and socket joint, you have tons of freedom of motion. If you can imagine, you can do all these different movements. So Craig can flex his hip. He can extend his hip, AB ducted, AD ducted, internally and externally rotate. So that's important to note, hip joint. It's a centerpiece for your body because it has so much mobility. Moving down, you got your knee joint. And a lot of people would call your knee joint a hinge joint. But that's kind of a misnomer. It's actually what's called a condoloid joint. So you can go ahead and give me a quarter turn here, Craig. Condoloid means it's got a little bit of rotation. It's necessary to note, but it's not necessarily true of what you're going to be training in the gym. Primarily, when you're thinking about your knee, you've got knee flexion or pulling your leg back like you would in a hamstring curl. And you've got knee extension, like you would in a squat, a deadlift or a leg extension. Last but not least, if we come down to your ankle joint. Your ankle primarily has two basic motions. It's got what's called planar flexion, like you would when you come up on your toes to do a calf raise. And you have what's called doorcy flexion. And that's where you would pull your toes back up towards your face. So far, we've covered the muscles, the bones, and the joints that are on-volved in creating movement through your hips, your thighs, and your lower leg. But what's even more important, I want you guys to have a really strong understanding of how you take all these individual pieces and put them together to create seamless, fluid movement. And that's what we're going to cover in our next section. Now that we've covered the muscles and the joints, let's put it all together. So you guys can see what this is going to look like in the gym using these muscles for real function. If you recall, your quad, you've got four quad muscles. But what is unique? And that actually runs from your hip comes down and crosses your knee. So, rectus femurus is there because it can help you flex your hip as you would in a step up, or even if you're going to the track and you're doing some sprinting for your conditioning work, that's where you're going to see rectus femurus being used. But more importantly, in the function that most people are probably most familiar with is knee extension. So you're going to see this anytime you're in the gym if you're doing like a leg extension or something of that nature, that's where you're going to see the quads. And then on a big compound lift like you would in a squat or something of that nature. Anytime you're squatting, that's where you're going to extend the knee and bring out those quads. So your quads are those big muscles on the front of the thighs. Now let's spin Craig around and we're going to look at the back. Remember your hamstrings cross two joints. They cross your hip and they cross your knee. So there's got two primary functions that we're going to hit when we're in the gym. The first is hip extension. What you're going to see if you're doing a Romanian deadlift or a trap or deadlift or any kind of deadlifting variation where you're pushing your hips back. You're loading those hamstrings and then you come up to the top and you finish nice and tall. So you got hip extension, but there's also knee flexion. So as you recall, hamstrings come down, they cross the knee. So anytime you're doing a leg curl, a glue ham raise or anything of that nature where you're flexing the knee, that's where you're training your hamstrings. So we got quads, we've got hamstrings. Now let's talk about glutes. When we're talking about glutes, most people think hip extension. So again, when you're coming back to those big deadlifting variations and that's sort of thing, that's where you're going to load those hips. So if he comes back, you can see stretching that glute out, stretching the glute out in this way and then finishing up tall. So he's using glute max. Now if you can go ahead and face the camera for me, if you think about a split stance exercise or something like a lunge or any time Craig's on one leg, that's where you're using those small glute muscles. Glute medias, glute minimis. That's going to help control your hip in your thigh position so that you're nice and controlled. Anytime you go from two legs to one leg or from two legs to a split stance, you've got to create stability on your own. So this is not only going to tax your glutes, but it's also going to tax your adductors. We talked a little bit about the adductors early on, but those adductors are there for stability and control. One exception, your adductor magnus is a really big muscle. If you recall it runs from your pubis, comes all the way down, attaches to the inner thigh, and even the lower leg, your adductor magnus works as a hip extensor. So if he comes down, he's actually stretching that adductor magnus out and then coming out nice and tall. So it works almost just like a hamstring. Last but not least, let's show some calves. So if you guys think about calf work, you'll recall your gastrochrosis, not only the knee joint, but it comes down and runs into your ankle. So if you're doing a standing calf race, you're going to be focusing more of your time and attention on your gastrochneemings. On the other hand, if you're in a seated calf race position and you've got this knee flex, that's where you're going to be spending more time on the soleas. So as you guys can see, there's a lot of different muscles, there's a lot of different joints, but hopefully after watching this, you've got a better understanding of how you can piece this all together to create a more functional program. Last but not least, we're going to highlight a few key exercises so you can get the absolute most out of your training in the gym. In this video, we've covered the muscles of your hips, legs, and thighs. We've covered the joints, and we've covered the individual movements that those create. But what's really important is tying this all together. I want to show you guys how this works when you're functioning in the gym doing some of your favorite exercises. Now, keep in mind, as we're going through this stuff, in no way shape or form, is it indicative of the kind of intensity that you're going to use when you're in the gym. In fact, Craig right now, he's not happy with us. He wants to in a quarter on the bar, but we're going to do it light. We're going to show you guys great technique, so that when you go in the gym, you're doing everything right. The first exercise we're going to demonstrate is a front squat. So Craig's going to go ahead and set himself up. Now, keep in mind, when you're front squatting, you're typically not going to walk the bar forward out of the rack. You're going to walk backwards and stay in the rack. But again, for demonstration purposes, we're going to set it up this way. So Craig's going to set the bar high up on his throat. It's a little bit uncomfortable, but this is the best place to have the bar. As he walks it out, he's going to set up with his feet about hip, shoulder width apart, toes turned out very slightly. And then from this position, always going to do, keep the weight about mid-foot to the heel, and he's going to sit back and push the knees out. The cool thing about front squat, it's going to hit almost every muscle in your lower leg. You can tell, as he's lowering down, he's really lengthening the quads, as he stands up. He's going to extend the knee, and he's really going to hit those quads hard. But it's not just quads, as you'll see, when he goes back and he sits down and back, he's loading the hamstrings. He's loading the glutes on the backside of the hip. So as he comes up, it's not just knee extension, but hip extension as well. That's why we love this exercise. It's going to give you a ton of bang for your buck. So again, great technique. He's up tall. Sitting back, knees out, and then standing up finishing nice and tall as well. The front squat, if you guys are going to pick one exercise to start building your legs, this is what we'd recommend. Next exercise we're going to demonstrate is a Romanian deadlift for RDL for short. This is a fantastic exercise, because it's really going to isolate the glutes and the hamstrings on the backside of your body. So I'm going to have Craig go ahead and pick up the dumbbells here. And I want to give you a few coaching points, or really set up points before you get into the exercise. If you can imagine, we're going to work on the glutes and the hamstrings in this exercise. And what you're going to focus on is pushing the hips back. So to do that, you want soft knees, you don't want them locked, and you want a nice neutral spine position top to bottom. So once he's set here, you can see as he pushes his hips back, you guys can imagine his glutes, how they're getting stretched out. You can imagine his hamstrings, how they're getting stretched out. And then to finish the movement, he's going to pop his hips through at the top. So that's why if you've ever done these before, and your hamstrings are like super sore the next day, this is why because you're going through a full range of motion and you're really loading the hamstrings eccentrically, or you're lengthening them out. And that's what's going to give you that nice stretch. That's what you're going to give you the soreness, and that's what's going to give you the growth and the development you're looking for. The next exercise we're going to cover is a lunge. And the reason we've chosen this is because as soon as you go from two legs to one, it's just going to change the stress on your muscles just a little bit. So Craig's going to go ahead and grab the dumbbells here. And to perform the lunge, he's up nice and tall, he's going to take a big step forward, he's going to land on his heel and push back. The reason we've chosen a lunge is because it's using every muscle in your body, every muscle in your leg. As he takes a step out, his quads, you can see his vastus lateral, his rectus femurus, his vastus medialis. They're going to help him extend his knee when he comes back. As he takes that step out again, again, his hamstrings are pulling him down and then they're going to help him come back out of the bottom. So you guys get a feel for you're using all the big muscles, but you're also using those smaller stabilizing muscles, like your adductors and your small glute muscles as well. Give me one more rep. So he's got to control his knee position long ways through his bone, so that's where his glutes and his adductors are coming into play. So even though they're not creating a lot of movement, they're controlling motion, and that's what's really critical in this movement. The final exercise we're going to cover here today is just your standard standing calf-free. Now, we're going to demonstrate it using body weight, but feel free if you're doing this at home, you can use dumbbells, you can use a barbell, or even a standing calf-free's machine. So I'm going to go ahead and have Craig just pick up this easy curl bar and use that to steady himself. And the best thing about a standing calf-raise are really most calf-raise variations in general. They're very hard to do wrong. They're not very complex. In this case, you can see he's got his knee nice and straight, because remember we're targeting the gastroch here. And what I want him to do, go ahead, get a full range of motion, really stretch out the gastroch and that Achilles tendon, and then come up nice and tall, getting a nice squeeze at the top. One of the big cues that I use in this case is that as you come down and you stretch, give that stretch a second or two, because the Achilles tendon stores a lot of energy. So if you're just bouncing up and down, you're not going to maximize your muscle grip. So get a nice stretch in the bottom, a nice squeeze at the top, and that's going to help you maximize your calf development. Now, with that being said, don't forget, this is just a small sample of the exercises. Make sure you check out the entire program to see all the exercises that we've included for your training. After watching this video, you may be feeling just a little bit overwhelmed. And if that's the case, trust me, guys, I get it. We've covered a ton of information. But with that, I hope you guys are starting to have a good understanding of just how important your hips, your thighs, and your lower leg muscles up. Don't forget, we covered five big muscle groups and 17 individual muscles. So don't be afraid, go back, watch this video again, to make sure you're getting all the information out of it. When you guys start to put it all together, you can start to have a really strong understanding of just why we're spending so much time on our legs. Again, it's half your body. If you're not spinning the time and the energy to learn this stuff, you're not going to be able to take it to the gym and apply it to get maximum muscle growth and development. Don't forget to check out the entire built by science program, which is going to give you a full training template for your workout's going forward. Run muscular anatomy by mechanics of the cali, the skeletal system. muscle function and the best exercises to build the mass bath. No, it's power. No, you're self to build yourself. Build yourself with the best. Mind, muscle, master piece.