Fittness fuels everything I do. At 29 weeks pregnant, fitness is an important part of my life. And the life I'm bringing into this world. I'm here to help you be the healthiest, fittest, happiest mother you can be. I'm Nicole Monier, IFBB the Kini Pro in Olympian, Nazm Certified Personal Trainer, Check Holistic Life Style Coach and teambodybuilding.com athlete. I'm 41 years young, 29 weeks pregnant naturally in my third trimester. I'm here to show you that working out while pregnant with weights can be safe. It also keeps you and your baby healthy. And prepares you for the biggest marathon of your life childbirth. Today, I'm going to take you through a total body workout. A lot of the exercises are very common, but as I'm progressing in my pregnancy and getting bigger, I've had to make a lot of modifications. So I'm going to show you how to safely and effectively take yourself through a total body workout while pregnant. Today's workout is 8 exercises, legs, chest, back, shoulders and arms. And we're here today filming at bodybuilding.com headquarters and they're awesome state of the art gym. Now if you don't have access to a gym, don't worry. I've provided alternative at home exercises in the article below. Now about to get into this workout, but I need to mention that every woman's pregnancy is very unique. And remember, you're just as unique on the outside as you are on the inside, so be sure to check with your physician or midwife before starting any exercise program. Let's get started. The first exercise we're going to start with today is a squat variation. Set one is going to be hip width apart squatting. And then set two is going to be a seawall squat where your feet are out wider than hip width apart, toes pointed out to the corners of the room, and then you're going to end in the split stance for a lunge. You can do anywhere from 10 to 15 reps, listen to your body. Take rest as needed. Want to two minutes if you need to take more, no problem, take it, and get water whenever you need to. So let's get started with the squat hip width apart. So for your feet, hip width apart, make sure your heels are down when you're squatting through the entire movement. And again, during your pregnancy, you may notice that you may be able to go a little bit lower early on, and as you progress, you may not be able to go as far down. So again, range of motion, listen to your body what you can and can't do. So I use the Smith machine that's basically something that I've used for squats and lunges all along, but I've taken off the weight. And for me, having the Smith machine there gives me that support. So then, you know, there's no risk of losing my balance, falling anything like that. And it's still actually a little more challenging for me than doing just my body weight. Next set, Stunwell Squat. Doing legs is important because you're strengthening your pelvis, you're strengthening your back. And those are the muscles that you need to deliver that baby. Now, with the squats, ideally, I don't know if many women know this, but that is actually the way that they gave birth back in the day. And that's actually the way many women still get birth today, naturally, whether they're doing a home birth or they're doing a hospital birth without medical intervention. Last set, lunges. The second exercise I'm going to show you is inner thighs. We're going to do double drops set. So I'm going to start at £30, because that's my pregnancy weight that I'm at, and do 10 reps, drop to 20, and another 10 reps, drop to 10. And end with 10 reps. That's one set. Once that, then I'm going to take a rest and then I'm going to do two more. So I'm going to get on the machine and being pregnant, you know, sometimes it's hard to maneuver and as you get bigger. I can usually get into position, but sometimes it takes me a little bit longer, so bear with me. So make sure your knees are over your ankles. So I'm going to open this up, get a nice, good stretch, you can lean back and then squeeze in, breathing. I'm not working out as many days as I used to, and I'm not working out as the intensity that I used to either. So there's certain ways where I've been able to incorporate the drop sets or other variations with tempos and speed and timing where I can still feel challenged. I'm not feeling any pulling or anything that feels different or doesn't feel right. And I still feel like, hey, I'm getting a good workout. Okay, now we're going to move right into our next exercise, outer thighs. So we're going to do the same thing we did for inner thighs. We're going to do a double drop set. We're going to start with 30 pounds, 10 reps, drop to 20 pounds, 10 reps, 10 pounds, another 10 reps. Take a breather, that's one set, and then we'll do two more sets again. So with the inner and outer thighs, again, it's the same thing. You want to get the whole leg in there. So every single muscle that is in your leg is supporting your pelvic girdle and your back. And same thing with, you know, labor and delivery. It's going to help with that opening up the birth canal. So you have those strong muscles. And there's your double drop. Now we're done with lower body. We're going to move on to upper body. The next exercise I'm going to show you targets the back. And so most of you, mommy's like me know that posture is not so good during your pregnancy. So this exercise, I actually call it a chest expansion and a scapular retraction because we're opening up those tight chest muscles from carrying that extra weight in the front and also from sleeping and that side lying fetal position. And then it's strengthening our scapula and the rhomboids and the muscles in our back. So I'm on a stability ball. Arms are out straight and I'm on a police system. I'm using a very lightweight only 2.5 pounds. Every police system is different. So make sure again you pick a weight that feels good for you. My arms are straight and then I'm going to open up with a little bit of bend in the elbows. Squeezing the scapula, bringing my palms past my shoulders and then bringing it back to the middle. Back exercises are a lost period whether you're pregnant or not with being pregnant. It just exacerbates it more because as I've said, you know women, they're breast are going to larger. You've got this weight here. I just want to make sure I'm really opening that up, stretching, I'm tight and again strengthen it because you're going to need it during your pregnancy and then even after when you're feeding and then again throughout life. The next exercise we're going to hit is chest. So I'm going to modify my knees being in my third trimester letting go a little bit and I'm going to start with about 10 to 15 reps and we're going to do about 3 sets. So I'm going to make sure my hands are in line with my chest and shoulders. I'm going to drop down, maybe about an inch or two above the floor but again everybody's bump is probably going to get in the way so down and up. Now if it gets too hard because again you've got that weight, your baby, weight, bring the knees into a tabletop position and you can modify here, finishing off, keeping your shoulders and wrist stacked and then your knees and hips stacked. Always listen to your body. I tell all my clients that doesn't matter if they're pregnant or not because you know what feels right, what doesn't any questions talk to your doctor, your midwife, you know be safe and as I said letting go, I'm dropping my weight, I'm modifying my exercises, I'm not doing this stuff I'm doing but you know what, I'm still proud of myself. At this point, and I'm still inspired and I think that I know that I'm inspiring other people when I'm a pregnant female in the weight room, still doing stuff. Now I'm going to take you through exercise six. Seated dumbbell shoulder press, my favorite muscle group. So with this one as I progressed in my pregnancy, I used to lift 25 pounds. Now I'm down to 10. So again listen to your body, drop the weight as needed. Another tip for you is that before I used to be able to do it, seated or standing. Now I really have to do it seated because I noticed a little bit of pulling when I'm seated. I'm good. So we're going to do again three sets and about 10 to 15 reps. If it's your first time training pregnant, you don't want to bite off more than you can chew. It's better to start out at a lower level and then progress. And again with pregnancy, the main thing is keep moving, keep active, moderate activity throughout the week and don't overdo it. You want to make sure you're hitting the whole body, shoulders are important there. Attached to your arms are going to be lifting the baby, carrying the baby and same thing with shoulders, posture opening up, having that strength, whether you're doing an overhitch shoulder press or incorporating other shoulder exercises as well. We're going to wrap up today's workout with a super set of arms. And we're going to do about three sets of each exercise, 10 to 15 reps. So again, being in my third trimester, I've modified to seated against my don't have any pulling. When you're seated on this stability ball, shoulders are stacked over the hips, knees are over the ankles. And I'm going to take my palms up to the ceiling and out to the corners of the rub. And again, I'm going to drop right into my triceps. So I'm going to go a little bit heavier with an overhead extension here, bringing the weight up and over. And I want to make sure my hands are positioned right. So I have my thumbs crossed and back. Elbows are in tight by the forehead, squeezing up at the top. That's my super set. So that's one set. Now I'm going to take a break, one to two minutes or whatever you need, and then we'll continue on with the second set. The mindset from this whole workout and this video and everything that I have to share is that self-care is the best health care. And you control your destiny, you control your health, you control your child's health. And so every woman comes into pregnancy at different places. And so we all have a choice on what we want to do or what we don't want to do. There's plenty of days where I've rusted from the gym and I've been fine with that. And that's the one thing I can say is that take care of yourself. And the huge part of taking care of yourself isn't just working out, but it's also resting. Well, that's it for my mommy to be approved workout. Hopefully you learn something new. If you have any questions about today's workout or anything, health and fitness related, please feel free to contact me on body space under username to call Lonear. As always, our bodybuilding.com family is committed to improve and change lives for the better. So no matter what stage of life you're in, be sure to check out Bodybuilding.com for videos and articles to help you no matter what your goal is.