As many of you know, I'm a power lifter and a bodybuilder. In today's workout, I'm going to start out with a main lift, squat, and then I'm going to progress to some accessory work for arms and calves. I'm going to use blood flow restriction training in order to target those areas. I like to use blood flow restriction because it enables me to get a lot of volume and muscle stimulation in without taxing my joints too much or detracting from my main lifts. So now we're going to get started with this workout, starting out with squat. So today I'll be doing four sets of six reps and I'll be taking about anywhere from 5 to 10 minutes of rest between each set. Now I'm not going to talk about how I actually perform squats today. If you want to know more about how I recommend performing squats for you and your body types specifically, check out the how to squat video tutorial I provided on the page below. I kind of go through the same sort of progression when I squat because I have the same and telling me I get my music on, then I put my belt on and make sure everything's in position where I want it. One is your first. Then when I get to the bar I'm going through my checklist, breathe brace. Take the bar out, three step walk out, get in position, breathe and brace, push your hips back, push your knees out. All those things I go through and it just leads to a more repeatable outcome. Don't just get in there and start going. Think about what you're actually going to do. Think about how you're going to do it. What do you want to accomplish with that workout? This evening, isn't it? I'm such a slow squatter. I'll do one of the people like, oh, he maybe have one more left. Two, six more. A lot of people will think that, oh, you squat, 600 plus pounds, 400, 400, 500, and easy. It's not easy. It still feels heavy. The difference is my focus. Many people believe that taking longer rest cuts down a muscle stimulation. But that's not necessarily the case. Time under tension is cumulative. So even though I'm taking long rest, my time under tension for all the sets combined is still going to be similar. And by taking longer rest, I enable myself to use more weight and do it more safely. There's definitely benefits to shorter rest periods. However, if you're going to do that, I prefer doing that when you're using lighter weight or not using compound exercise. This is how you should be breathing. If you're breathing correctly, tell your breathe afterwards. When I go training a different gym, sometimes it can be a little bit harder. Because I'm out of my element. It's a little bit different. But it's good training too, because on meat day, you're going to be at a different place. What is your profession? And I train with a lot of people. So I'm used to having a lot of people watch me when I lift. So when I go to a meat, it doesn't affect me. Not over. Not over till you win. Well, more round. Not always about killing it when you feel good, some days about grinding when you feel terrible. One more round. Action. Twist the tried. Round one down. Blood flow restriction coming up next. So why would we want to do blood flow restriction? Is it better than regular training? Is it worse than regular training? The research suggests that blood flow restriction is basically as good as the normal heavy training. So people say, well, why would you do it? Well, the reason you'd want to do blood flow restriction is you can use much less weight. You can use really light weights and still get the same hypertrophy effects as you can with heavy weights. So obviously, for somebody like me who's doing heavy squats, heavy bench, heavy dead lifts, and is pretty destroyed by the time they get through their main lifts. Something like blood flow restriction, why would I have to load up my joints again with as much weight is very beneficial. For blood flow restriction, you're going to wrap proximal to your limb. So any upper body work you're always going to wrap at the top of the arm. For any lower body work you're always going to wrap at the top of the thigh. Regardless of what you're working, for upper body work, I prefer a smaller cuff like a crickly medical attorney. There's some scientific evidence that the area that the cuff covers does not get the benefits from BFR. So you want as minimal a cuff as you can get for a smaller limb. For lower body which is a bigger limb, you can have a wider cuff like an e-rap, which is well-being used for caps. A lot of people will ask, well, how tight should I wrap? It depends on the cuff you're using and it depends on how wide the cuff is, but in general, if I'm using knee wraps for a lower limb, I'll wrap about a 7 out of 10. For arms when I'm using prickly medical attorney, it's because they're so thin, I'm pulling them to about a 9 out of 10. So for Bysept Curls, we're going to start with about 20% of my 1-repped max. To be about 15 pounds, we'll do 2 clusters of 4 sets each cluster. The cuff stay on for the entire cluster of 4 sets. After it's done, I'll take it off, rest, and then put it back on before the second cluster. The 4 sets of each cluster will go like this. 30 reps on the first set. 15 reps for each set afterwards. And the rest, 30 seconds between each set. One thing to point out is you should have some discomfort while you're lifting. You'll have a really painful pump. But if you're in pain before you start the exercise, it's likely that the wraps are too tight. Now, we recommend taking them off to rerapping. Another way to know if the wraps are too tight or the way to too heavy is if you can't complete the repetitions. If you're using a legitimate 20% of your 1-repped max and you can't complete the sets of 30, 15, 15, 15, 15. The wraps are too tight. Or you're over-restimating your 1-repped max. That was cluster number one we just finished. I'm going to take a minute, minute and a half, two minutes. That my beloved load overlise and I'll go back in for cluster number two. One of the things you're going to notice with love flow restriction. If you're doing it right, by the end, it's going to be a ridiculous pump. Well, here me say that and think I'm speaking in hyperbole, but I'm not. If you've ever done BFR, you know this. It's definitely very challenging from just a pain tolerance aspect because the pump becomes very painful. There should be some tightness, some discomfort, you'll feel a fluid shift, but make sure you're not in pain before the exercise. But the likelihood that you will be in pain during the exercise is pretty high. I'm going to take my time. Make sure I've got him in the right spot. Make sure they're about both equal tightness. Don't go into blood flow restriction trying to use as heavy as a load as you can. Make sure it's like make sure you can complete the reps and get the volume in. If you can go heavier and keep good form and keep good cadence, then that's fine. But make sure you're not overdoing it in terms of weight or how tight the wraps are. Let's talk about mechanisms. How does it actually work? I don't want to say anything has actually been shown to be the mechanism. But one of the proposed mechanisms is cellular swelling. When you do blood flow restriction training, you will feel a fluid shift and you put the cuff on it. And they've actually shown that you can get about 20% cellular swelling from blood flow restriction training. And that cellular swelling may be driving increases in muscle protein synthesis. There's some data to indicate that a hydrated cell is swallowed cell is an antibiotics cell. So we just finished up BFR for biceps. Now we're moving on to triceps. It's going to be the same wraps, the same reps, the same sets and the same rest. So we're doing cable tricep press downs. Another possible mechanism is targeting of type 2 fibers. Like trying to get my shirt under the wrap, otherwise it gets a little bit abrasive on your arm, but it doesn't have to be under the wrap. Typically your fibers are recruited in order. So your body will recruit your slow twitch, smaller fibers first. And as a weight gets heavier and heavier as you approach failure, it will start recruiting in immediate fibers and then your finally will recruit fast twitch heavy fibers. But blood flow restriction does by tricking up blood flow, it seems to pre-exhaust the type 1 slow twitch fibers. And you go right into stimulating the type 2 fibers. So you get a preferential stimulation of those type 2 fast twitch big potential growth fibers. Another possible mechanism for blood flow restriction is metabolic bipronic accumulation. There's actually some research to suggest that things like lactate, hydrogen, iodic humiliation, they actually may drive animal-accignally. But when you're a stricting blood flow, normally a lot of those metabolites would for lack of a better term be washed out of the muscle. But by a restricting blood flow, the venius return, they're staying in that area. That's one round down, and a rest of it or two, go back for the second round. What seems to make a big difference is the intrinsic growth factors within the muscle. So your muscle actually releases its own IGF1 in response to training. That can interact with receptors on the muscle to possibly drive growth. All right, time for round two. Well, when you are doing BFR, again by holding those metabolites in that area, perhaps you're giving those animal-accorn-mones that you're muscle-releases a greater opportunity to interact with those receptors and create more growth. One thing I do is I'm always trying to check my time. That takes me to complete a set because if it takes me much less time during one set, it means I was probably rushing. So I always like to make sure my sets are pretty consistent time-wise. I want to emphasize that blood flow restriction is not better than heavy training, but it seems to get about the same results. But again, this has merit for not only for power lifters who want to do some hypertrophy work like myself, but if you have an injury where you can't lift heavy, it's an X-Lift tool. And that is a wrap for arms. Now we're going to move on to calves. One thing you need to keep in mind with blood flow restriction for your limbs is you're going to wrap the same spot regardless of whether you're doing blood flow restriction for calves, quads, or hamstrings. You're going to wrap proximal to the limb. So as high on your leg as you possibly can, I like to use knee wraps. They're cheap and easy to use. Another good bit of people that it could be beneficial for is people who travel a lot. So a lot of times we have some of the new travels, they can't make it to a regular agenda. They just have a hotel in the gym that only goes up to 20 pound dumbbells. So it creates a lot more opportunities for you to get more sessions and create more growth. It also seems to cause a little bit less muscle damage than regular training, but again, you can recover a little bit faster from it and do more sessions possibly to create more growth. That's fun. We actually feel your heart rate go up because even in a short limb, like a calf, your body is working hard and are trying to get that venius return to the heart. So your heart rate actually increases just from blood flow restriction. So one more round of BFR and that's a wrap. Pun intended. You can find me on body space on the pontically.com forums or you can find me on Twitter at more videos articles and other great content from myself and other great contributors keep coming back to bodybuilding.com.