I might be petite, but I'm still a badass. I grew up playing hockey and I've spent the last 10 years in the gym, building lean, sexy, muscle. You think I lift like a girl? I'll take that as a compliment. I'm Katie Chenwa. Today's workout I designed specifically for you using minimally equipment and minimal space. So if you're in college, it's great for your dorm room, it's great if you're out of college for an apartment workout. It's primarily for your lower body and it's going to take you about 18 minutes. For today's lower body circuit workout, you're going to be doing a total of 7 exercises. For each exercise you're going to be working out for 30 seconds with a 20 second rest in between each. You're going to be between each round of 3 rounds. You're going to be doing a 1 minute while sit to rest. Before you start, make sure you have a timer. I like to use my phone because I always have my phone with me. So just make sure you set it right where you can see it. The first exercise we're going to do is mountain climbers. It's a great warm-up. It targets your abs, your shoulders. Pretty much everything. So it's going to get your heart rate up immediately. Second exercise is your move squats. As you can see, I'm using weight plates. The reason why is because if you don't have weights, you can use your schoolbooks. History books are typically really big. So just grab your history book. It's going to be about 10 pounds. And then just make sure that you're squeezing your glutes at the top so that you hit not only your quads, but also your glutes. The next exercise is side lunges. I typically use a little bit lighter weight because it's a single leg exercise. So you're going to do 15 seconds for your right leg and 15 seconds for your left leg. It's going to target your glutes and your quads. The next exercise is alternating lung jumps. Now just in case your heart rate dropped a little bit, we throw these in here to shoot it back up. You're going to be doing basically lunges, shooting up and jumping in between. You want to get the full extension when you do jump so that you can hit your glutes just a little bit more. The next one you're going to do is place with a twist. This is a core exercise. We're going to be doing twisting and it's going to target mostly your obliques. The next exercise is split crunches. That's one of the more difficult exercises in my opinion. I think it's great. You just switch at 15 second marks. You do 15 seconds for your right, 15 seconds for your left. To wrap up your circuit, you're going to be doing a one minute while sit. You're going to be filling this in your quads, your hammies, your glutes. Pretty much everywhere in your lower body. This is going to be the only resting point that you get. Before you start your next round. So that concludes our lower body circuit workout that I designed for you. Remember, it's one of two workouts. If you want to find the upper body workout, check the link below. If you have any questions for me, you can find me on BodyStakes at Chung-Law, or you can find anywhere else Katie Chung-Law. For more videos and content like this, make sure to come back to bodybuilding.com.