I am Mark Magna, a team muscle tech athlete, performance coach, and most or strengthening conditioning coach, and I'm also a former NFL line backer. When I was younger, I was very insecure, awkward, clumsy, and I was very lazy. I actually didn't like any part of exercising. I think when you're a bit overweight, you're very low, self-painting of yourself, then what happens is you want to stay away from those environments that might challenge you in a physical way. At one point, I think I got to such a low in my life, my childhood, that I really wanted to change things around, and I wanted to start participating, and I just be on the sidelines. So I asked my grandfather to help me out, and at that time, he was training bodybuilders, local bodybuilders, and he trained the first ever-missive universe winner. He took me aside. He gave me some very basic things to do, bench pressing, you know, curls, pushups, sit-ups, things like that, and I enjoyed it very much. He made me feel comfortable. I think that's everything, and that kind of started me on the path to health and fitness. I was raised in a single parent home, my mother raised two boys by herself. She had several jobs. She didn't have to much time in her hands, but she didn't make time for her, was, you know, paying attention to our needs and our feelings, our emotions, and she would always be there to support us. She was that person that told us, my brother and I, that, you know, you can do whatever you want to do. You're going to have to do the work, and she would always say it's not going to be easy, but it will be worth it someday, but you can do it. And I had a lot of tough times in my life when I went to high school, I had learning disabilities dyslexia, I had to go to a ton of tutoring, and athletically. I mean, I was just worried about making the team. I forget about playing starting, and I know that I'm probably the only kid that's really going to the gym every day, lifting every day, running every day. There's a lot of people did those things, but not every day, not all the time. But for me, because I wasn't an athlete, that got me in the game, not ahead of the curve. And then when I got there, there's a lot of parity. I wanted to be the very best at my position, than being the best at position, the best at defense of player, that being the best in the team. And I just had to work hard at the little steps along the way that she those big goals. I didn't even think about going to college. I wanted to join the sport Marines. That was my goal. Then a coach came up to me who was recruiting someone else and he said, you know, you can play college football. Did you realize that? You can get a free education if you keep showing people how important it is to you, and you give everything you have every single day. And when he said that to me, all of a sudden it was a reality. Now I know it's possible because someone else sees it, not just me. I went there because the head coach had such great energy that when he left their house and he was Jim Reed, when he left my home I said, I have to go to the University of Richmond. My mother looked at me and he goes to see where they don't have choice. You have to go there. And I didn't have choice because that was the only school that really wanted me. When I got to college, I was so bad at the school. I think I got a 1.6 GPA when I got there. I contemplated quitting, giving up a scholarship where school cost $50,000 a year to go to. I almost thought about quitting and my mother wrote me a long letter and the premise of that letter I saved it and I had that pick on my desktop computer and I said, dream big never quit. And she was telling me that you just got a hanging there. And if you hang in there, you give it everything. You're going to be surprised when you finish. I ended up turning around later on and actually graduated at like 3.0 and it was the hardest thing I ever did. And football wise man, when I walked in the door I think I weighed 219 pounds and he told me and I was a linebacker told me you're going to play defensive linemen and it wasn't like end or late. It was nose guard. Those are the guys we had 300 pounds. So I said, Coach, I can't do it. He said, I don't want to go anywhere without any mouth again. You can absolutely do it. Get out of my office. And every year it was 2.30 to 40 to 50 to 60. And I grew up when I lifted weights and I got stronger when I went in that bench, 300 pounds are left bent, 450, powerfully 450 pounds, quite a 700 pounds because he believed in me. And I said, I don't know if I could play defensive linemen and it felt like I don't care. I want to be the very best in the country at this position now. If that means tackles, if that means sacs, that means productivity, that means energy, whatever it is. And if L. Scouts came around and said, well, really not that big. Maybe he can't play defensive linemen but he can play linebacker. So, draft day I'm sitting around and I could call on my phone and I answer the phone and I say, hello, this is Mark Magna. He said, Mark, do you know who this is? And I knew who it was, I recognized the voice but I've never talked to this person in person or on the phone in my entire life. He says, this is Bill Parsell's from the New York Chets. And it was funny because I was a very serious, strict tough voice but I was crying. Obviously he could have seen me crying thank God. But, and I said, hello coach, how are you? He said, I'm pretty good with him. We're taking you with this next pick. How do you feel about that? I said, I feel amazing about that. He said, can you play linebacker for me? He said, coach, I can play linebacker. He said, can you play special teams? I said, yes sir, can you rush the pass with? Yes sir, he said, welcome to the New York Chets. Was that one of the greatest moments in my life? I worked my whole life just to hear that I was good enough to do it. I went into the New York Chets and I realized that not only was I playing a position that I hadn't played in four years but the guys that were playing my position in New York Chets, Marvin Jones, all pro, Mo Lewis, all pro, James Ferrier, all pro, Brian Cox, all pro. That's four on one team. I'm a nose guard from a division one double-day school, I haven't played the position in four years. So you can take that two years. That's a hell of a compliment from one of the best coaches that have a coach to play in the game but it's also a hell of a challenge. So I remember him bringing me into room and saying, you know what, you're here for a reason. You might not be an all pro on the New York Chets but you are here to work hard and you're here to push other people to be very best. He said, you might not end up playing here but you might end up playing for another team. In turns out I gave everything I had and he was right. I was with the Chets for a little bit and I was released and then I basically was miserable I cried for half a day and then later on that day, you go from worst to first I actually was called by the New England Patriots. Peacar was coached in. New England Patriots picking me up my hometown team. Three hours later I'm in the office, front office New England Patriots, I'm sending contracts, play for New England Patriots. And the next year, Peacar was let go and Bill Bellachick came in. Who was my defensive coordinator at the New York Chets. So I had a brief experience and I mean he liked to my game, he liked the way I worked and he had to very least that I wasn't going to embarrass anyone and I was going to be a solid component of his team. Even if it was his reserve player or a special team's player. So I played with them for a year and then I was released, I went to the Cincinnati Bengals and then back to New England Patriots from Bill Bellachick. And in between I was playing NFL Europe. My first year with the Barcelona Dragons in Spain, my second year with the Berlin Thunder. With my NFL career concluded I went up to playing Canada for the Montreal Allowets, played five years for the Montreal Allowets. So I fed a heck of a whirlwind in regards to a professional football. And now I'm doing more private and personal training for several years. They worked at a performance center, a bomb reader performance where we're working under Peacar and Rito. It's been a few years there, training being on a team where other who work with over 300 professional athletes from all sports football baseball. And very fortunate, blessed have a great group of clients and they love to choose. They like I think you're tracked which you are. They love to train just like I do. My general philosophy is that whatever I'm doing in regards to strength and conditioning, I want to make sure that I can do something with it. I don't want to be the person that looks like a superhero but can't do any kind of superhero things. I want to be a bit of a run. I want to be able to swim. I want to be able to do an obstacle course, do a race, jump in a five-care run under 18 minutes. That's important to me. I've done triathlon, I've done the courses, I did the in-part state building run in New York City, 86 flights of 1572 steps. And a week later I did this Spartan race. If you're 18 and a half miles, 25 obstacles, I'm never going to be the best bench pressure or the best squadter. Or the guy who wins the race, but I want to be good at many things. I train every day but I'm doing strengths four to five days a week. I'm a body part training, four to five days a week. I'll do hit training three days a week. I'll do two days, I do steady state, I might do a long run, I might do a swim. And I'll do one day where I do actually do an active recovery. So it's something that to me I don't want to say something that's fun. Because it's all fun to me. It wasn't fun, I wouldn't be doing it. But I also want to do things that give my body an opportunity to heal over cover. Because we know training in gym is very important, but your recovery is everything. I probably go to bed about 11.30, 12, wake up at 3.45 every day. I started my workout about four o'clock, 4.15 in the morning. I trained to a six, give my first client a six a.m. at 6.70, 9.10 transitions to the next place. Or I go 11 and 12, and then transition to the next place. And then I try to get maybe an hour break in there somewhere. Getting my workout in the morning, bang out of bunch of clients during the day, try to get when it's the end of the day midday. And these aren't long workouts there, usually an hour, and try to do two of those a day. I work strength, I work body parts, but I might start off my body part work out. If I'm doing legs, for example, with a floor clean or a hand cream or a deadlift, things like that. Compound movements, I'll throw an exotic compound movement or a kettlebell activity in with my body parts to make sure that I can apply the strength with movement. You have movements and you have the muscle. So if I strengthen the muscle, I want to be able to implement a usage of that muscle. So I try to go back and forth. When I say go back and forth, I mean if I'm working movement, I'm working movement, I'm working muscle, I'm working muscle. Sometimes I'll do an activity where I'll do a row, a slow control row. From my next might be a speed band row. So I'll do a speed band row which I can implement, a faster movement, and put that muscle into force production. Each person is very, very specific. And sometimes I get a kick out of people who say eat oatmeal. It's great for you. Or eat egg whites that's great for you. Well, it's not great for me if I'm a luch to eggs. And if I have a true sensitivity to oatmeal, probably it shouldn't be oatmeal. So you could be getting great information by that might not be information that's best suited for you. Still think it was still trying to prove our quality life. We talked about training and we're trying to prove our quality life to nutrition. How do we do that? If I put in those optimal ingredients in our bodies at the proper timing to make sure that we can take our bodies, minds and energy performance to the next level. Whatever that is and whatever our intention is. My A.F. six meals whole food meals a day. Those foods are animal proteins consisting of chicken, white fish, salmon, turkey, lean red meat, vison, greens, or kale, or arugula, broccoli, spinach, complex carbs consist of steel cut oats, sweet potatoes, quinoa, buckwheat, barley, millet, healthy fats, hamboil, flax seed oil, fish oil, and I go with some mutation, different vitamins, different minerals. I get probiotics, digestive enzymes, things like that, but they're all high quality foods that are put in a position to give me energy for the day for the workout for a covered. If your body has to work overtime in two, three, four, five, ten times as hard to break down food that are pouring substances in the body, well then that's less energy that can be used towards workouts, life, thinking, and recovery could it takes energy to do all those things. So if I put the more harsh toxic or chemically driven foods that are challenging to break down, my body is going to be under constant stress, it could raise cortisol, it could raise the information, and it's going to make sure that my body isn't efficient at recovering at the end of the day. You want to recover in the most efficient way possible. So you can train, recover, get back in there. The idea is to get back in. Put yourself in a position that beats just successful with the food you eat, with the training you do, and make sure that you're not compromising all your results by eating a poor diet. I mean you cannot train a poor diet. If it's going to stress you that much to follow specific diet, I don't suggest doing it. I suggest making small little improvements and curcaling your habits just a little bit. Start that way, and you'll feel much better, and it's more realistic. I don't want you to stay away from every single food. I want you to eat something green at every meal, for example, drink some mortar, drink more water, try not to eat too much at night, try to limit sugary foods, try to limit junk food, just take one of those and implement it in your diet. If you start to do that, it's going to be less stressful, it's going to be more realistic, and you're going to make proper revisions. Our job is to help you improve, improve your quality of life, improve your well-being, and I think that's how we should be done. Submitation for me, can't it make a break-you-training? Absolutely. I look at it as pre-during and post workout, to more you train, and more you stress your body, to more supplementation you need, to make sure that you put yourself in a position or recover properly, to make sure that you can endure the day. Never mind getting ready for the work next work out. I do use weight protein, it's a lost part of my diet, I think it's a huge, I also use Argentine, Betalan, Creatine, BCAs, good to me, but those are all things that I think are stable as of training, and then they put me in a wonderful place to feel good for my next workouts and recover. I do use those things, and I do encourage those things for anyone who's trying to improve in performance-based training or a muscle-high-predged free-and-body composition setting. If someone's trying to put on weight, they're going to need specific supplementation to put on weight. If someone wants to reduce body fat or improve body composition, they're going to need a certain panel of nutrients and supplementation to get them there. What am I trying to do? What's my intention? Am I bodybuilder? Am I powerlifter? Am I a strength-based athlete in dorm space-ethy performance-ethy and explosive short-burst athlete? Whatever it may be, and then from there, I know what's going to help me in regards to the supplementation. So that's all in my training, nutrition, supplementation. For more on MarcMagnet, you can find me at MarcMagnet or on Twitter or on my Facebook page at MarcMagnet. For more on the training and in-depth info, and the training tips we discussed today, you can look at the NFL Combine Trainer and bodybuilding.com. And for other news, training tips, articles, and peace and remission we can use for training supplementation, check back in at bodybuilding.com.