So the first exercise we have is a squat. Kurt's going to help us out and he's going to go through the exercise with us. The reason we chose the squat is because it's one of the most popular exercises in the gym. And one of the exercises is that there's a lot of different beliefs around the squat. IE asked the grass, goes lowest possible. Let's see the only thing that matters. If you quarter squat at a half squat, it's wrong in your attempt. There's a lot of different reasons that someone may do those things that he's going to go over those things today. So first I want everyone to see the bar. The height of the bar, the curve walks over to the bar. You see the height of the bar here. I don't want Kurt to be on his tip. He toes to pull the bar off the rack, but I don't want extreme flexion in his knees to get under that bar. So this is perfect for him. I want him squat down on the knee, that bar. He's set it up on his shoulders, then I want to take the bar off the rack. Take your time. Okay. So we'll walk away from the rack a little bit more, Kurt. Set your feet up. So I want Kurt to spread his feet. So he has a nice strong base. His feet and his heel is going to be underneath his armpits. It may be a tad bit wider, so it's a brief feature a little bit more. So a few things going on with the squat. Now pay attention to the length of his femur. It's from here, till about here. So he has a pretty long femur. So he's already going to have more work. The primary joint axis point is going to be his hip. He's going to sink back into the squat. When he sinks back into it, he's going to have the weight distributed to his heels. He's going to pull his toes up to the top of his knee. And to understand that, we're going to keep an eye on this final flexion here or the bat that pelvic tilt rather. So as soon as this almost starts to round and he loses this flat back position, that's his end range. Anything other than that, he's compromising his health and his safety in his spinal health. So keep an eye on that. So I want you to sink back into the squat. Take three seconds on the way down. One, two, three, hold it. Look where he is. He looks pretty good there. Stand back up. Now we're going to keep an eye on that lower back here and we're going to see if anything happens. If he starts to round his back to achieve more range of motion. Keep back into it. Take your time. Take your time. Sink a little bit more. A little bit more. Right there. Stop. The CLE starts to have that tilt. We've gone too far. We're going to cover my health and safety. Stand back up. So I want you to do five more. I want you to take your time. I want you to keep an eye on a few other things here. So watch the knee. So the amount of shear in the force going through his knee cap. If he was to put all the weight and distribute that weight into his toes, he'd have all that force going through his bat. We call the significant amount of shear to opposing forces moving in different directions, working against each other. Now if he does that, you know, it's dangerous. She is not necessarily a bad thing, but repetitive belts of shear can be a very awful thing. So squat again, please, Kurt. Think into it. St. Down, sink down, hold it and back up. Now he may not be about 90, but he's darn close. And that's good for him. Now there's certainly ways that he can, you know, increase his range of motion to mobility. What we want to do is to increase mobility. We want to be a stable structure. And then we can load more weight. Don't ever use weight on the bar to acquire more range of motion. If he puts 135 on there, that weight is going to push him down into the ground. If we're using the weight as an aid to acquire more range of motion, we're certainly compromising safety. Be very careful of what you're doing and what your attention is. If someone says get your ass to the ground and get your ass to the ground by any needs necessary, that is not healthy. I don't care what program it's on, what philosophy it is. Scientifically, you are going to crush your lower back. Do it again, Kurt, please. St. Back into it. St. St. St. St. right there. Stop. You feel like her? Stand back up. Now I want to talk about the primary movement here, which is that hit movement. He's going to sink back into it when he stands up. He's going to push his hips to the front, this being the front, Kurt. So we'll sink back into it. One, two, three. Now watch the movement. Let's hit hip back and pull hips forward. Stand up. Pull hips forward. See, it's a primary hip movement. Now he's going to lengthen his hamstring. He gets into his quads there. But there's a lot of hip activity there. Strong hip, then I can develop the quads. So I want to talk forward and put that bar down. Actually, I want you to do that again. Get in the knee, please. Stand up. So when he walks forward to rack the bar, I want him to walk all the way in to the pillar of the rack. Now bend your legs. That's fine. Okay. So a few things to keep in mind. Your range, my range, Kurt's range is going to be different from everyone else's range. Don't everybody into the fact that you must go lower. That's merely someone's belief that was thrown on a bunch of other people. If you want to go lower, then put the work in. Do mobility activities and you will be able to go lower. It takes work to get there. There's not one way to squat. There are a thousand different ways to squat. Pay attention to what is your goal and what is your intention. And then once you have that down, you can know where and how to take the little steps to get there. Okay. Don't look to the left and look to the right and gym. Say, he's squatting 500 pounds. So I have to do that. Don't turn your squat into a modified good morning where you're just crushing your spine. Pay attention to what you need to do and what you want to achieve. You won't put yourself in a compromise position. You'll be in a safe position and you build a strong base to progress for the future. So if you guys have any questions on the things we've covered here today, you can find me on Twitter, Instagram, at Mark Magnum, Facebook or my body space at Mark Magnum. For more videos and articles like this, keep coming back to bodybuilding.com.