So our next exercise will be the lap pull down. The lap pull down, you see different ways it can be manipulated. I'm going to demonstrate what I see and then we'll have Kirk get down here in a demonstrate the proper way to do it. So I'm going to put my hands wide, the wide grip lap pull down that is hands wide. I can close my grip. I'm going to take a seat. So what I often see is to get that way down it's heavy weight. Of course I don't want to go necessarily light. I want to put on as much weight as possible. And then to get it down, I can't really pull it straight down. So I'm going to throw my whole body into it and I'm going to rock my body back. I'm going to throw my upper back to the ground and I'm going to drive that bar in the low my chin. And as opposed to sitting up straight, working my lap that force that I'm shooting that resistance is getting into my straightest interior. I keep my trap pulled down. I tilt my head back slightly, not my body. I pull my elbows down to the ground, pull that bar to my chin. I'll let it out with great control. So you don't have a curt take a seat. A few things before he grabs the bar one who adjust the seat. Might be a little bit different. You want to raise that one. So he's fixed. I want to make sure he's on the seat. You can sit up a little bit on the seat and move forward a little bit on the seat slightly. So now his butt is completely on the seat. His shoulders are going to be pulled back. I'm going to hand him the bar. He can certainly grab the bar in his own, but just for the purpose of explanation, I'm going to hand him the bar. He's going to put his hands wide in the bar. Okay. So I want you to tilt your head back slightly. Now when you pull down, I don't want you to move your body. I want to keep his trap completely down. I do not want this to elevate here. It's going to stay shifted down. I want you to pull your elbows down to the ground and pull that bar to chin. Pull it slowly. Good. And back up. Notice how there's no movement really in his torso or his posterior chin. He's not throwing his body backwards. His feet are firmly on the ground. His body is tight. His torso. Everything is vertical. He's pulling that bar down, pull elbows down. Most importantly, what's going to happen here is when he starts to fatigue. When his lat start to fatigue, he's going to recruit his trap. You can let it out and it out with control. Just keep going, Kurt. So the trap is actually a huge area back here and a posterior chain. When his lat start to fatigue, he's going to start to incorporate his traps where his trap may elevate and start to jump in and do some of the work. The lats are hey man, I'm tired. I need some help. When it needs help, the trap is going to get involved. Pull straight down. Notice how he's not rocking his body back and forth. So he's actually working here from the serratus and the lap. Of course, there's a little bit of moving in the scapard thoracic. Absolutely. But he has great control of the movement, which is the most important thing. He's actually working his latin serratus. Now Kurt's doing such a great job here. We're only dealing with the certain amount of weight. It's certainly go up because he's proven that he can handle this weight with great control. Now let's stand up, stand up, Kurt. Put that weight down. Let's go to 115. Put the pay 115. All right, grab the bar. He's going to take a seat. Now I notice he doesn't lean backwards. Now if he leans backwards, he's going to turn this into almost a rhomboid activity. He's going to get away from the traps. So the more he is pulling down in the front, the more he's working the side part of his body, which is straightened in the lat. And the scapard thoracic area to pull down, pull that bar down. Slightly hold it, let it back out. That's it. With control, he's not rocking at all. There's no movement backing forth with this torso. So his intention is to work his latin. That's exactly what he's doing right here. Can he go up? Yeah, he could probably still go up. It's going to be harder to maintain great form, great control, but he can go up. He's earned it. Try to do five more. He's sitting up straight. He's feet affirmly on the ground. He's breathing, driving straight down to the ground. That's it. No trap elevation. Notice how his trap hasn't started to rise. He's doing a great job. Great form. Nice job, Kurt. You can put it down. So notice there was no rocking with his upper body. His torso remained vertical. He's working from the latinisturators. He had a little bit of scapard thoracic movement there. He's actually scapular, rather. His head is tilted back slightly, not his body. If you do more you tilt back, then you get away from a lat pole. You would probably get into more of a rhomboid activity. If you wanted to do that, that was fine. We just keep in mind once again what was your intention. And if you look at someone you seem rocking their whole body, chances are that they're doing that because their intention is to move as much way as possible. Now if someone's intention is to move as much way as possible, well that's what they're achieving. That's exactly what they're doing. We're trying to get more attention to actually work that lat area. You probably want to drop weight and pay attention to how the action is being done. His intention was to develop the lat and that's what he was doing. Nice job, Kurt. So if you guys have any questions on the things we've covered here today, you can find me on Twitter, Instagram, Ad Mark Magnum, Facebook or my body space at Mark Magnum. For more videos and articles like this, keep coming back to bodybuilding.com.