So our next exercise will be the crunch. The crunch is something that everyone feels they absolutely have down. Everyone says, oh man, I know the crunch is an easy one, but it is probably the exercise I see screwed up the most in the gym to be quite honest. It's actually a very advanced movement and I rarely see it done properly without compromising safety, health or your neck or your spine. So I'm going to get down there and show you what we see basically in daily basis. So I'm going to bend my legs, flat back position. So people get down in the mat. They think they go to do some crunches. They put their hands behind their head and they know they got to get a lot of crunches because if I do 500 crunches that means I'm going to be ripped, so I'm going to go here. And I didn't feel anything and not only that, but I'm compromising several different joints of my body and I'm actually wasting my time. So what I'd rather see is, you know, heels down, push your back into the mat, spread your hands. Pulling, I prefer your hands not to be even on the back of your neck more to the side. So what I have here is the pubic bone, the zipoid process and all I'm going to do is shorten those lines. As a matter of fact, you're probably not going to see too much movement. It's going to be minimal and what you see is a basic contraction within my abdomen. So I'm here. I come up, squeeze hole, shorten those lines, down slowly. Come up, squeeze hole, down slowly. Now I'm going to have curge it down here and I'm going to point some things out. So curge it, come on down. So curge pushes hands behind his head and then he slides into the side, it's called light fingertips. He's going to keep his elbows open. His feet are in the ground, bring his knees in a little bit right there. So he doesn't have to push his back into the ground. That's not necessary. He has a little bit of curge in his spine, there that's fine. He's going to lift up into my hand, wait a second. So he's think of it like this. This is the zipoid process, the pubic bone, there's a line there. He's going to try to shorten those two lines. He doesn't have to come up too high. What you're going to see from the side here is very little movement. That's all he needs, because his attention is to work his abdomen, not to do a full body rocker roll, not to pull on his neck, not to have his elbows come in. He's elbows open to work the abdomen and have a little bit of concentric pull here. So he's going to squeeze and then come back down. So come up, squeeze, hold it and then come back down. He has great control. He lets it all be back out. His elbows remain open. He's not pulling on his neck. Come up, shorten that line from the zipoid process, squeeze, hold it down slow. Really slow. Really the concentric and knee, he's actually the same speed. So he comes up, takes about two seconds. One, two, hold, one, two, let it out, one, two. That's it. He has great control. Come up, hold it. His elbows aren't coming in. He's not jerking or pulling on his neck. He's not compromising in the safety of his neck. There's no flex in there. He's actually elevating his chest. He's not rolling forward into his knees. Notice how you don't see his feet, his heels, his knees moving in and out. The ABADduction, he's actually just pulling up with his abdomen is doing all the work. So that's what it looks like when your abdomen does all the work. Now, if you want to manipulate your entire body, you do something else. That's fine. We just understand that that's what you're actually accomplishing. His intention is to work his abdomen and that's what he's doing here. So if you guys have any questions on the things we've covered here today, you can find me on Twitter, Instagram, admark, magnum, Facebook or my body space, admark magnum. For more videos and articles like this, keep coming back to Bodybuilding.com.