So our next exercise is going to be the Boroughville curl. The Boroughville curl is also one of the most popular exercise in the training facility or fitness center. You know, I see different ways this can be done. You know, I'm going to demonstrate the way I see it. And then I'm going to demonstrate the way I could be most effective. So I often see hairs on the borough. It's curling. And then they start to fatigue. So it might take a little bit of rest. And then they start to incorporate a little bit more hip, which this is actually nothing wrong with this. If you're trying to do a lower back extension, um, now I'm going to demonstrate how it can be most effective. So hands on the borough inside of mine. So Chris going to place the camera for a second. He's going to place his hands just outside his hips and his quads to slide your hands out a little bit more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more. Good. So now turn face me. So I want you to see something here. So what we're paying attention to is the length from basically his elbow to that curl. So the length of that amount of work is that's being done. So if he curls up, what I want you to do is I want you to curl up and I want this elbow to slide behind you as you curl. Let it out. Now as you curl, do this number. Okay. Now see, hold it there. Now see where his elbow is. See how much work is here. See the length. Call the moment arm. Let it back out. Now watch what happens. Now if he sits his elbow a little bit more in front of his body. I wasn't front right there. Now pin your elbow is not necessarily into your side, but don't let him move. Now curl up. Now look how long the moment arm is. You've increased the length before this will work. So already it's harder. Now I want you to pay attention and let it out. So if you slide your elbow in front a little bit more than your legs, take pressure up the lower back. Slide your elbow in front, slightly. That's fine. Now breathe up. Notice how much work. Now I want you to pay attention to something else. Let it out slow. Let it all away out. So he's letting the bar out. Now I want you to let the bar out of the exhaust from the full extension. Now pay attention to the way the force is. So the force is where it's in his hands. The force vector, which is the hour where the force is pointing to, is down. When he curls it up, watch where my hands simulate where the force is. Just pay attention to my hands. I want you to curl it all the way up to here. Okay. Curl it all the way up. This force, this force, this force. Now where's the force? Now there's no force. So from here to here there is no force. Right? Very interesting. So basically if you want to curl and you want it to be really hard. Curl it up. Curl it up. Curl it up. Stop right there. Let it back out. Now I want you to stop a little bit before there. Come on. Stop. That's where the most force is present right there. So he doesn't really have to go up there. He can go all the way up if he wants to rest. So if you want to rest, you want to make it easy. Go all the way up. You're not getting anything up there. Now letting it out when he's lengthening that's different. He's elongating the muscles, let it out, let it out, let it out. Now he can work some length to get that contraction. But bring it up. I would stop right here. Hold it and let it back out. Now I'm going to ask her, why don't you do the full rep slow and control manner. Bring it all the way up. It's hard. Now it gets easier right? Now it gets easier. So now he's getting a rest. Now he had him do a set of 10 and he would stop with the force completely changes. If pointed down, bring it up slowly. Now he's got a lot of force. Bring it up. Bring it up. Bring it up. A lot of force. A lot of force. It's gone. So let it out a little bit. I would stop right about there. Let it back down. So do a set of 10 where you come into that spot that we declared our position here. Good hold it back down. That's it. So really focused on squeezing your bicep back down. Now what I want you to do keep going. I want him to try to maintain tension on his bicep as he lets it out. So typically we get the concentric movement, then the eccentric, the lengthening. On the eccentric motion, he's going to really try to squeeze in maintain tension within his bicep as he lets it out which is completely changing everything. Bring it up. Squeeze hold it and let it out and maintain tension. So let it out. Bring it back up. Let it back out. Do eight more like that. Notice where his elbows are in front of his body so there's more work in the moment. It's only a 40 pound dumbbell and he's already getting crushed. If his elbow floats behind, he's shorn it, he's making it easier. Notice how he's not rocking his entire body. He hasn't even done 10 yet and he's already tired. So look, he's not rocking his whole body. He's not doing a lower back activity. All the focus, the primary focus is on his bicep. Notice there's no flexion in the wrist. His not curdling his wrist in and out. His wrist position is locked. He's squeezing and what you can't see but he's working hard to do. He's trying to maintain it as bicep as he lets it out. Do two more. Squeeze hold it. Let it back out. Keep your head in one position. Look straight. Straight. Let it back out. All the way out. One more. Squeeze hold it. Now I'll maintain tension. Let it all the way back out. Okay. Bend your legs with the board down. Nice job. What do you think? My arms are shot. So notice his elbow is not floating behind him. He's not showing it's shortening that moment arm. He's getting a lot of range there, which means it's more work present from the primary joint X point, which is elbow. Don't forget that muscles are joint managers. So your elbow is not necessarily one single joint. There are joint routine ur elbow, but this is the primary joint area being worked. The bicep is working that joint. It's manipulating that joint. His wrists are not flex. He has a lot of a long moment arm. He's not curling his back. He's not curling his wrist. There's no flexion. He's looking straight ahead. He's trying to maintain tension. His bicep is squeezing tight. Getting the concert. But as he lets it out, he's trying to maintain tension. He's not curling it up and just saying, okay rest. Curl it up and rest. He's curling it up. And then he's trying to maintain. And he's maintaining great control. Control is everything. Nice job. Thank you. Thank you. So if you guys have any questions on the things we've covered here today, you can find me on Twitter, Instagram, ad mark, magnum, or Facebook or my body space, ad mark, magnum. For more videos and articles like this, keep coming back to bodybuilding.com.