So our second activity that we're going to focus on is the dumbbell row. Often in gym fitness facilities, I see people manipulating their whole body looks like a full body convulsion doing a dumbbell row. Once again you have to ask yourself, what is your intention? If your intention is to incorporate your entire body, most of the time that may be fine, I'm kind of against assessing someone from across the room and saying, oh, I know what he's doing. It's wrong. I really try to focus on what I'm doing within the gym and I want to make sure that whatever my intention is, I put all my power and energy and focus on exactly that. So if I'm doing a dumbbell row, I want to make sure that I'm using my arm to row the weight and I'm actually activating and using my rhomboid as I stay in retraction. What we typically see in the gym is that person's set up. It could be on a bench. I like to do my dumbbell rows prone into the racket self. So I try to take my lower body out of the activity, but my primary focus on the rowing itself. What we usually see in the gym, fitness facility, to really heavy weight and so on is using their entire body. I mean, once again, if there are intentions to use their whole body, that's fine. But always keep in mind that the less control you have, the more likely things will go wrong and you're compromising your health and your safety. So the way I want to set it up, you separate your feet, your parallel, you bend your legs, fall into the rack, notice I have a flat back position. I'm going to load my body so it's actually resistance here. I'm not going to be inflection. Okay, no flutching in my neck. I don't want to look up. I'm going to look straight down so everything is in alignment. The weight is underneath me. I'm going to keep my shoulder in retraction. I don't want to protract every time. Okay? My arm might come to full extension, but I'm not going to protract into it. And I'm going to demonstrate both. Okay? So falling into the rack, flat back position, bending my legs. If he's pressure off the lower back, I have a strong hand on the dumbbell. I'm here. I've rolled it up, hold it, let it out slowly. Hold it, let it out slowly. I'm not going to go into a protraction. I'm going to retraction, hold it, let it out with control. Hold it, let it out with control. Okay? So try to come over here. Here's going to separate his feet. That's fine. Bend your legs. You're going to fall into the rack with your right hand. Okay? Walk your feet backwards a little bit. Show me a flat back position. Pull your shoulders back more. More. No, no, that's flexion. Right there. Look down. Are you going to grab the weight? Pull your shoulder back. All right. So you're falling into the rack. Okay? Right there. So you're going to row it up, hold it. Let it back out as I keep his shoulders pull back. He's in retraction, pull it up, hold it, let it out slowly. Good. That's great control by Kurt. Notice how he's actually getting into his rhomboid row. Just keep going, hurt slowly. He's in retraction. He's a flat back position. There's no flexion in that. He's looking down. That's it. He's control both ways. He's doing a great job. Bend in the legs. He's pressure off the lower back. Take his low body, the other activity. Keep going. Do two more. Notice how he's having. He has a little bit of transverse movement here. But he's not rocking his entire body and manipulating the activity. Okay? You can put it down Kurt. Nice job. Okay? He's not rocking and manipulating his entire body to perform the activity. His primary focus is on his rhomboid and he's rowing. Okay? He has moving into shoulder, obviously. He's not using his low body. He's not bending and extending his legs to pull the weight up. He's focusing on what his intention is, the development of his back in his rhomboid. A shocker. Thanks. So if you guys have any questions on the things we've covered here today, you can find me on Twitter, Instagram, at Mark Magnum, Facebook or my body space at Mark Magnum. For more videos and articles like this, keep coming back to Bodybuilding.com.