Hey I'm Mario Lopez, the host of Extra Entertainment News Show and also a BMTV's America's Best Dance Crew and also did Dancing with the Stars and you may have seen me when I was a kid on show called Safe By The Ball and a whole bunch of other stuff and today we're going to focus on Extra Lean Family. Bring the family back to the dinner table together, focus on food, nutrition and an overall healthy lifestyle and getting kids most importantly off on the right foot, learning to love food to be smart about food. So let's get started. Fitness has always been a top priority in my life, growing up my family and coming from a big Mexican family obesity is prominently featured and I knew that if I didn't watch things, I could blow up and not exactly look the way I'm looking right now, it could go on another direction and it's the people that I love and the people that I'm closest to and I don't love them any less. But just from a health standpoint, I wanted to help my family, I wanted to help with them and that inspired me to want to help other families. And now that I'm the Boys and Girls Club of America's National Fitness Ambassador and on the Governor and President's Council of Physical Fitness, it's something that I embrace and it's something that I want to help people, especially families that may not know any better families that come from different cultures and these inner city kids and Latino families and African-American families where obesity is again featured throughout everybody has someone that they care about that they need a little weight and it may get to the point where it's not healthy law. I want to do something about it because you can help those you care about it. You can make a difference in their lives just by reaching out and educating them just a little bit. Just a little bit with a little effort can go a long way and that inspired me with my first book, Extra Lean and now having my own family and practicing where I preach for my daughter, Extra Lean family, that's what I want to do and I want to take to her next level and I want to have you be tasteier, easy to make recipes. So there's this belief that eating clean is tasteless or boring, you know, is not much variety. Well, I'm so happy and proud to say that in Extra Lean family, we've got delicious recipes that are quick, easy to make and that are very tasty because I love food. I'm race food and I want people to embrace food. They just kind of know the right balance of what to eat when to eat it and what to put in your body. There's all these diets out there, lose 20 pounds of 30 days and all these schemes to get you to drop weight quick but you know what diets don't work. And it starts at the home and I want people to start cooking at home because that seems to be a lost start. Cooking at home, eating at the dinner table together, celebrating with food, getting a little educated with food and making healthier, fun choices. I come from a family and a culture where I have obese people all around me that I love and I got inspired to want to help them and not only my family but your family and I I welcome that burden. I welcome that responsibility. I want to educate people. I want to show them that hey, you know, it starts at home first and you can do something about it and you can help people that you care about. And it's not that hard, you just kind of know what to do and with Extra Lean family, I want to spell it out and show them exactly what they need to do to lose that weight and to embrace food because I love food and especially tasty food but how they can do it in a smart way and a healthy way and in the right way for where they can maintain for lifestyle. So in conclusion, I know you guys are already health conscious because you're on bodybuilding.com. So if you're ready to really make a change, you really change your lifestyle for good than actually family is the way to do it. It's going to educate you, it's going to get you on the right foot and it's going to get you to love food to be smart about food and to know how to go about taking care of yourself, your family, your neighborhood, your community, your need people in your life to be held accountable and this is a team that for guys. It's not an individual thing, it's a team family effort. And hey, this isn't the last time you're going to see me. I am committed to help you through this journey to help you reach your goals and to help you change your lifestyle. From good, forever. The more content like this, be sure to check out Bodybuilding.com.