Strength of body means strength of mind. It's never too late to do something great. Train with intensity, drive and focus. So many things that you get out of body building that kind of feels over until the areas of your life. Stay passionate about your goals and you can achieve the body of your dreams. At bodybuilding.com, we're invested in your fitness success. That's why we're bringing you the best fitness experts, totally free. Chris Gethon and Jamie Eason, your body transformation experts, are here to show you the way. Chris Gethon is a lifetime natural drug free bodybuilder. For the last 10 years, he's used his experience to help average people achieve amazing results. Jamie Eason is the female face of fitness. She's a professional cover model and has her own column in Oxygen magazine. And in 2006 was crowned the world's fittest model. I decided to get into weight training mainly because I'd a curvature of my spine and there was a great deal of pain. I was actually advised maybe start weight training to put a lot of stress more onto my muscular system. So after doing that for about five, six weeks, I had really alleviated a lot of the pain. So I decided for me to stick to this. I need to have a goal and I'd go was about a year and a half later to compete as a bodybuilder being a hooked epicence. I was an NFL cheerleader in 2001 and I'd luck with have it. I found a cancerous tumor in my breast. In 2008, I had another rear current. Still at that moment, I really didn't grasp the situation that I wasn't living a healthy lifestyle. I was referred to an nutritionist. I mean, basically, said how healthy you are is what we're eating. And he encouraged me to exercise. It was like my epiphany literally in six months, my body transformed. Pretty significantly. If you're ready, Chris and Jamie will share their knowledge on training, nutrition, supplementation, and motivation. They'll show you the path to your best body so you can walk it successfully. Go out, make time and make it happen. You'll get the results you deserve.