In every generation, only a few are worthy of being called an ultimate athlete. A hero. Don't be... be better than me. Are you doing a Michael Hurn and this is Power Bodybuilding? We're going to train back today, starting off with some crazy ass deadlifts. Oh yeah, it doesn't end up being a deadlifts, I sure do. We're going to do a lot of warm upsets, but those do not count. When I'm talking about this, I only count the work set. Seven sets of two today. Then we do secondary work. We're in two other exercises after that. We're going to do some one arm rows and some pull-downs just to give it that beautiful shape. And I know that you guys are going to go away in a minute. Wait a minute, wait a minute. Just two exercises. But after you deadlift, what you see here, that's all you're going to have. Left in the tank, trust me. So when you're on stage, what? You look scary, good? I'm telling you. Alright, this is what I want you guys to do. Because you're just starting this program. I want you guys just to come into the gym. Let's say you deadlift 315, alright? Just warm up with 135, 225, do a couple sets each, and take your time. You don't rush through this. I got to put blood into my body before I start moving around. Trying to keep all the energy I can for the heavy weights. On the way there, I'll do depending on how I feel. One, two, maybe three reps per warm up. Wait till you get to your work and set, then do your reps. I didn't come in and stretch for an hour before I did this. This is how I get loosened up. Deadlift managed the superhero lift, the beast lift, the man lift. My favorite of the three lifts. The deadlift is a completely mental lift. You can cheat a squat by not going deep, but deadlift is so cheating. Just grab a little bit of that bar and rip it from the ground. Best lift there is weightlifting. I'll stay double over on the hand placement, up till, you know, four, 500 pounds, and then I'll start with verse dripper. Reverse grip obviously is, you know, a powerlifting grip. I don't use straps. You know, you can't use straps and powerlifting meats, and you can't use a misogladiated soul. Why using it here? What I do is I'll reverse my grip per set. Take a big deep breath before I pull and just hold on to everything. All the energy keep it inside. Rip it from the ground and then get to the top and let it out. When I did let all either go barefoot or I'll do something that's, like these shoes somewhat flat. I won't use all these new type of shoes that are like, got the springs and all that. This is, I just think that's crazy to deadlift in those. Wrestling shoes are great, you know, a Tomix, old school of Tomix, shoes are great. I don't listen to music. I don't need that to get safe. I like the noise of the weight. I like going heavy. I'm going to tear down those fibers. Go to the strength. And again, you got a full body exercise here. This is what can everything. You do deadlift right, man. You go heavy enough. That next to you feel everything hurt. But it good hurt. With this, I'm ripping it from the ground. It's not a slow pull for me. I rip it. People like, I actually can hurt your back or anything. I don't know why people think that way. You know, they're already walking in half feet. I don't get hurt. I don't worry about things. I just destroy the weight. It's not the other way around. It's that whole approach that the weight ain't going to beat me. It's a fight between me and the weight. Same thing you think when you're going into a battle or she'll against one other thing and you can move that thing. I started lifting when I was, you know, 11, 12, 13 years old. You know, I always wanted to be stronger than my big brothers. Here in that weight, this man's made it all for us, training together in a steel of days. You'll never see me at a fitness center. This kind of training doesn't work for that. All right. Talk to you about the secondary work, the bodybuilding part. Today we're doing one arm rows. Now I do five sets of 10. I just love one arm rows because it gets the lower lat, the outer lat. When I do deadlift, I'm already getting the mid back, the thickness, the density. Now let's shape it up a bit. When arm rows are beautiful, exercise is a good nice wingspan. So five sets of 10 for one arm rows. You're going to love to feel of it, the power, the strength, the shape. Now remember, just because your back is pumped, doesn't mean you're having the best workout. I just like a gym blood. I want you to rip down the fibers. So still take a little time. Next thing is pull down. You got to get even wider. Take a wider grip, pull down of the chest. You know how to do pull down is right? If you don't, I'm going to come through that and slap you. Pull down to the chest, I recommend instead of behind the neck. You get a longer pull down to the chest. More squeeze for me. Three sets of eight there. Just taking it down, finishing off that back, finishing details. That final detail that you want. So when you're on stage, judges are just kind of giving the trophy. All right. That's power bodybuilding. I seriously want you guys to try this out. Now I came up with this because I see so many people working harder, not smarter. The new generation, I see so much potential in you guys. I really do. I don't want you to be me. I want you to be better than me. And I see that in you guys. Now go up and be great, all right? And if you need an information, you gotta get ahold of me. Bodybuilding.com.