In every generation, only a few are worthy of being called an ultimate athlete. A hero, don't be me. Be better than me. You guys do a Michael here. I'm up here with bodybuilding.com. We might know him as Titan from the American Lab Yators. They wanted me to talk to you guys about a little thing I call Power Bodybuilding. How you can power this in bodybuilding all together. So we're going to show you that today. I'm going to start out with a little chest here, a little incline press. I recommend you guys warm up, though, alright? Alright, so you stopped by a bread there. This is my little trick. What I do is low reps, but a lot of sets. I'm going to stay here for about six sets of five. Now, the reason why I do that is I like the poundage. I don't go 10 to 12s, like a lot of people do, because I accommodate two things together. Powerlifting and bodybuilding. So that is a little trick I want you guys to try both on bench press, squat and deadlift. So get up to that match weight that you want to do. Hit five reps and hit it six sets of five reps. Key points. If you can get cowbell when the shirt comes up, that's good too. But one of the big things is rest. I take about three to five minutes rest. Reason why is I want to recover completely for the power and the strength. The shape and the size just come in right now. I feel it. Oh, wow. Oh, help. Spop, oh, I'm just kidding. You can't fall for that. I don't take spots. But you should, alright? Yeah, we're doing good. We feel good. Alright, so we just finished doing climbs. The reason I start with an in-cline is to develop more of my upper chest. You know, I'm still creating that physique that I want. You know, you can either start with flat bench or in-cline. But I start with that heavy, you know, power movement to start with. And then we're going to come over to date flats now. Now, when you do the in-clines though, key points is, you know, don't arch too much. You know, taking down to the chest nice and controlled and explode up. You know, get through that exercise. Power through it. Now for the dumbbells here today, we're going to do about 10 reps. Alright? We're going to basically just, you know, get a spider to help you throw them up there. That way you can save your back if you want. And just watch the form here, right? Watch the form. You don't swing it. You don't bounce it. Take it down nice and slow and, uh, just pop this up. It's easy enough, right? Let's go, grub. So, I stay with, I'm going to do this. Obviously, you can see more free weights than machines. Now, that's just my take. I like to do free weights relative to machines. Bring them more of the whole body. And I also power lift. So, um, you can use machines, you know, same kind of thing. Go heavy. Five to six reps, you know. On this exercise, obviously, you can go more. Six to ten, even 12 if you want. I don't change it up, getting ready for a bodybuilding show. Now, a lot of people might go, do high, high reps. I let the diet control that. Um, and I just keep the heavy weights. I'm a natural bodybuilder and always have been. And so, the one thing I noticed is when I go light, I fade away. So, keep the heavy weights in there if you're a natural bodybuilder, and you want to just build that exercise. Now, this is me a week out from the guest posing. Now, I still still lift heavy. And I just recommend it. It's one of those things. You can try it, but again, it works for me. I may not work for everybody. My acting can pass. That's it, isn't it? You guys in me. So, what I did was the incline, flat dumbbells, and I'm going to finish off with some incline flies again. Just because it's a bodybuilding phase right now. But I'm going to keep it heavy. Now, here, I'm going to go about ten reps, three sets. Same thing on the flat bench, on the dumbbells. You have about four sets there, okay? We already did that huge six sets to start with. So, let's finish this out. Now, any incline flies? Same thing. You watch the form. You see what I'm doing. Take the arms out. Stretch the chest. That's what you want to see. It's good working it out. That pump's already there. Even though I take long breaks in between that pump is there, even though I'm curbed the plate and two, it's because it's at pound it. It's tearing down the chest. The fibers get torn up right now. In a good way. Trust me. Alright, so let's recap. Basically, heavy on the incline or flat bench, a lot of sets, six sets, three to five, to eight reps if you have to go eight, but I say, go ahead and go ahead and be made. Then, went over to flat bench, dumbbells, again, good form, go up to ten reps, you know? And if you go four, even five sets there, I'm okay with that. Again, heavy on. And then, we're going to step with nice stretch, flies incline flies today, three sets, eight ten reps, and that's it. Now, understand, this is what I do for chest. But I also do this for back, and I also do this for legs, but after doing about six sets of squats, go up to leg press, leg extension, with my same philosophy applies here. Go heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, and just, you're going to love this man. You're going to love to have that strength. That's how you build the muscle, tear down those fibers. Alright, I got a balance.