Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What's up, Body Billing.com listeners. My name is Daniel Bits and welcome back to the BBCon podcast. Today we continue with our meet the coach series where we introduce our newest roster of coaches debuting in the Body Billing.com app in 2025. Coach Harry is a certified personal trainer and Body Billing.com master coach. Harry pushes the limits in and out of the gym. Injecting creative movements into his programming, his tough love and no nonsense approach challenges you to work hard while having fun in the process. In Av and Marathon runner, a casual 315 in the 2024 New York City Marathon, Harry specializes in training for endurance, hybrid, and body recomp. He believes every goal can be accomplished with a good coach, a consistent program, and the willingness to push past discomfort. Whether you're new to the gym, want to get shredded or hit the pavement for your first run, coach, Harry's got your back. Harry Vargas, master coach, welcome to the BBCon podcast and welcome to Body Billing.com. Thank you for having me. We're going to jump right in so that you guys can learn a little bit more about Coach Harry. So tell us about what brought you to becoming a coach and the purpose behind that journey. Yeah, I'll say it's um, it was quite the journey. Coming out of high school, I didn't know what I wanted to do in terms of like work. College didn't really seem like it was for me, just because I saw like how I was doing in high school. So I was heavily considering the military. My brother was also going to join at the time. And so we just started training together. We did all our paperwork. I literally got every piece of paper that needed to be signed. Signed, I got all the vaccines. I did all the the the the the the pre boot camp workouts and stuff. And literally the day before our bus was set to leave to boot camp. I called up the guy who was in charge of my paperwork. Whatever. And I was like, yeah, I'm so sorry. I don't think this is for me. I'm I'm gonna actually hang back. But I'll let you know if I changed my mind in the future. So after calling it quits on the military, I was just hopping from job to job to job. No sense of stability just because again, I didn't know what I wanted to do. So I was just trying to live life one day at a time until I found something that stuck. Then the pandemic happened. And like most of the people I went through the pandemic, you know, coming off of the pandemic, I was in a really negative headspace. And my sister was hopping was gym hopping. Going to all the gyms in New York City. And she found one that really stuck with her. And she was telling, oh, why don't you come with me? It'll make you probably feel better. Get out of this rut that you seem to find yourself in. And after a very long time, it just continues, I know, no, no, that's not for me. I don't really like it. All that sounds boring. I hopped on. And then I was just hooked. I saw the impact that the class had on me mentally. And after that, after that one class, I knew that I wanted to help give that feeling to other people. People who didn't either feel good about themselves or lost or wanted to make some improvements, whether it was from a mental perspective and prove their mental health or a virus from a physical perspective. If you want to look different, so that you can feel good about yourself, I know automatically that's something that I wanted to do. So after that class, just started getting into the gym scene via working there if it wasn't front desk that I was just helping clean and then eventually started working on my shirt and then the rest of the history. Thanks for sharing. How would you describe your coaching style? I would say intent. And I like it to be like that for a certain reason. I feel like there's enough coaches to go around for you to have a certain style at any gym you go to. And I personally feel like that intense style of coaching resonates with why I wanted to become a coach in the first place. And I feel like it helped me when I was in that negative head space. I'm not saying there's anything wrong with all the other coaching styles. I'm just saying for me in particular, I feel like that's the one that really got me out of that rut. Like going in there, getting uncomfortable, becoming uncomfortable with being uncomfortable. Yeah, and I just tried to translate that in all my classes. Yeah, that's that no BS approach. We're here to work. We're here to get it done and add all costs, right? And I think to your point, I think the best coaches are aware enough to understand my coaching style isn't going to be for everybody, but it's going to be for somebody, right? And I think to your point, when we were bringing this group together, we said exactly that, right? Our goal is to find somebody for everybody, but not every single coach is going to be that for everybody. So all that to say, you do a phenomenal job of bringing that no BS approach to the forefront of your programming and your coaching style. Thank you. How do you want people to feel when finishing a workout with you? Something along the lines of getting a glimpse into what you're actually capable of. So I feel like when you're coming into a class, whether for a guard of where you are on the spectrum of fitness, whether you're on the beginner side of the spectrum, or you're on the advanced side of the spectrum, I want you to come into class and then by the time those 60 minutes are up, I want you to have caught a glimpse of what that part of you that's past the advanced side of the spectrum kind of looks like. Now, are you going to be there for all 60 minutes? No, that's not sustainable. But I definitely want you to leave class me and like, damn, I tapped into that version of me that I eventually want to be every single day and tapping into it for just a glimpse is more than enough to give you hope that you can be that person. And then obviously, I feel like mental fortitude is at the forefront of at least my training style and with being having a strong mind all the other aspects of fitness just come as a byproduct. So yeah. In a way, we want the class, the workout, the one-on-one experience, where the group experience to be the hardest part of the day, right? Because if we can get through that, whether it's in the morning or at night, regardless of time, we can get through that piece. It sort of makes the rest of the day in the rest of life a lot more tolerable, right? If you kind of go into the 60 minutes and you're on the ground, hands and knees, you're on puddle and then you go and you have an altercation, you have a stressful call. It all becomes a little less daunting. Yeah, now I could definitely speak from experience ever since I started training. And it does not every, I don't want to give the impression that I'm saying every single time you're in the gym has to be 10 out of 10 intensity and you're dying your on your knees. But you should visit that at least once a week and by doing so. Anytime something in your everyday life, that would usually cause you either anxiety or stress or any kind of other negative emotion, you just find yourself in a position where you can just brush it off a lot more easier than it would have been otherwise. I agree. So strength is at the core of your teaching principles. Why is strength so important to you? Yeah, I would say mental strength is definitely at the core of my principles just because of what I mentioned earlier. A lot of people like to get caught up in the, oh, I want the six pack. I want the biceps. I want the quads. I want the back. And all of that is cool. I'm not saying that that's, there's anything wrong with that. But I'm saying the last thing you want is to become a bigger, strong version of yourself, but in terms of mental strength, they're still the same. I think it'll be very hard to find someone who's mentally strong and not fit. So by fortifying what's in between the years first, the abs will come later. The quads will come later. The back will come later. It's just, it's literally like a downman off-back. Once you get that mental fortitude down, everything else is just coming. I love that. What's your favorite movement and why? I get asked this so much either by other trainers or by people that come into my class. And I feel like it's not a movement in particular. It's more of a tool. I just really love kettlebells. And the reason I love kettlebells, because it's kind of like, for me, there's nothing better than a good kettlebell complex. Because I feel like it's a dance. You're going from one movement into the other. Like if you're doing a clean, to an overhead press for verse lunge, down, clean it again, and then onto the other side. Yeah, it's like a dance. And that's coming from someone who has two left feet. Like I can't actually dance. I'm Hispanic. But unfortunately, that dancing gene just skipped right on over me. But yeah, I love me a good kettlebell complex. Anything with a kettlebell, I'm going to have fun. There's so much fluidity that goes into a kettlebell flow. And there's so much body control that is required. That you really, those who maybe aren't familiar with it, there's such a transferable feeling into stepping off of that corner block, or moving out of the way of that car, or taking that random step to get out of the way quickly. A lot of that will transfer over into understanding how to control your body. Yeah. I feel like I get a lot of that out of kettlebells as well, whether it's a swing and just really having that control, and that activation to control the downward portion of it, etc. Yeah. Yeah. I get why that's why that's your choice. Yeah, no, it's a good way to also just work on strength and conditioning at the same time. I mean, you'll definitely get stronger, but your heart rate will also definitely shoot up pretty easily. Absolutely. Stay on the lookout for some kettlebell workouts with coach here. Sure, sure. What's your advice for somebody who's just getting started? Good question. I feel like you have to have a solid why. If your why isn't solid, you're going to find it really easy to fall off of the train. And by train, I mean, whatever moment of it is you're carrying it to the next workout. A lot of people get caught up into like, momentary goals and what I mean by that is like, for example, let's say somebody's getting ready for a wedding, whether you're the one getting married or you're just attending a wedding of somebody else. You say, I want to lose a couple pounds because I want to fit into this dress. And there's absolutely nothing wrong with that, but the wedding does have a date. And then there's going to be a day where the weddings over. And so what did you just only exercise because you wanted to fit into this dress? Now that the wedding's over is like, what are you doing now? I feel like unless you have a solid why to hold as your foundation, then you're going to find it really hard to keep going into the gym. So I feel like once you have a solid why, that'll just keep you going into the next session. So whether you want to be, but a version of yourself, you want to improve your health for your family, you're going up an age and you feel like you want to start moving around with a little bit more fluidity. Yeah, solid why. What about, let's say a bit more of an advance individual on their fitness journey. They're hitting a plateau. They can't reach the one-ret backs that they've been chasing for a little bit now. And they're just not really seeing the performance they want to see. What's your advice for somebody like that? Yeah. I feel like I could definitely relate to that to a certain extent. I think this is my third week after the marathon. And now looking at hindsight, it's always 2020, but looking at hindsight, I could definitely see that right before the marathon approached. I was definitely redlining a little bit. I was a little bit over-trained. Usually when you're hitting a plateau, you're usually doing probably a little too much. I would say take a step back, look at what you're doing. Maybe take some time off. Sometimes you just need to reset mentally and physically, give your body a little break, and then jump on, jump back on when you're feeling a little bit better. As you know, we're redabuing our signature line here at BB-com. What's your favorite signature that you use on the daily? A creatine. Yeah, I mean, I can't speak highly enough of creatine. I know what my body looked like before I was taking creatine, and then post-taking creatine, and it's black and white. Yeah, always have a creatine. Always carrying creatine with me literally in my gym bag, just in case I can't afford to take it at home, or on the road, always have it with me. Coach Harry says, get your creatine everybody. Yeah. How do you feel your day? Tell us about your nutrition plan. Yeah, so I'm going to be completely honest. I'm not as consistent with my meal prepping, as I should be. I fortunately live with somebody who's a massive meal prepress. So I just hop off of, you know, I steal from her meals every now and then. I am burning anywhere around from 2,000 to 2,500 calories a day. So I have the fortune to be able to eat as much as I want, just because I need that fuel. I'm running five days a week, I'm lifting four days a week on top of that. I also just naturally have a very fast metabolism, so I can afford to just eat as much as I want. I have a massive sweet tooth. So I'm not going to lie and say that my diet is 100% healthy. I like to enjoy myself. So I partake in, you know, your casual sweet every now and then, but yeah, for the most part, shout out to Coach Yaya for holding the time at the kitchen because I'm definitely just dealing from her meals most of the time. Well, I'll take away here, but it is like you can still have abs and have the sweets. Yeah, for sure, for sure, for sure, for sure. Harry, what does recovery look like for you? Um, so if I'm not in the sauna, I have a pair of normal tech boots that I'm using all the time. And if I'm not doing sauna, normal tech boots, I'm literally just giving myself a really deep tissue massage. Mostly in the legs because of how much I run. And on top of the running, I have those lower body workouts to supplement my running. So most of my soreness and recovery does come from my legs. So either it's some CBD oil or some just regular cream just really get in there in the calves and quads for the most part. Nice. All right, you ready for your rapid fire Q&A? Yeah, let's get it. Let's do it. Number one, upper body or lower body. Lower. Push or pull. Push. Deadlift or squat. It's squat. Biceps or triceps. Biceps. Morning or night workout. Ah, that's really hard. Foot morning. Favorite book? Uh, the alchemist. Favorite food. Oh, favorite food. Um, probably Greek. Everybody's stumbling on this one. We all love food here. It's hard to choose. Yeah, it's hard to choose. Favorite music. Favorite music? Oh man, that's so hard. Um, I'm gonna just say rock in general. There's so many sub-genres. I'm not gonna get into which one's better than the other. But just rock. Whoa, that's well-added. The broadness. Well, one word to describe you. I'm pretty quiet for the most part. Um, just because I'm quiet, this means I don't have much to say. Actually, I have a lot to say. It's why I'm quiet. Just because I get overwhelmed with like, I'm trying to funnel all these words into a trying to string them into a sentence. But um, yeah, quiet. Quiet and disciplined. I think I think that's a different phrase. Yeah, I'll take it. One word to describe your workouts. Um, empowering. Love that. Yeah. Harry, thanks so much for stopping by today. Thank you. It was awesome to have you on and for you to connect with our users. And we're so excited to work out with you on the bodybuilding.com app. Yeah, I can't wait to work out with you guys. Stay tuned as we gear up to launch the bodybuilding.com app where you can work out with our coaches in 2025.