My name is Brooke Jaggan. I'm 19 years old. I'm from Prospect Connecticut. I currently attend the University of Connecticut and I am an aspiring bikini competitor and I'm basically doing this so that I can be relatable to people and try to show them how you start off because usually all UC is the end so I'm just trying to show them like the beginning and the journey because that's the most important part. I've never challenged myself physically with my body ever. I mean I'm academically I've challenged myself so I decided to do something a little extreme because I'd always be like all I'll lose a couple of pounds with a couple pounds. It just started off with one in the loose weight and then another big thing was I wanted to gain confidence Because when I look in the mirror I just be like yeah, I'm okay with my body but I don't like that part of that part and I would just you know kind of pick myself apart and it would bring my confidence I needed to do something for myself to I wanted to just be proud of something and to really know that I put you know time and effort into something My trainer is Tiana Tau. We have a pretty close bond and you know she out first, you know she's my trainer She's not supposed to be my friend. I've never had a trainer before so that was really hard for me to adjust to you know having someone on your back Telling you go hard or faster. Let's go. Let's go. I'm just like I felt like I wasn't good enough I tortured this girl. Let me tell you two hours a car to you a day weight training Six meals a day she's eating every two hours. So I used to work out it by myself without a trainer You stay in your comfort zone and it's easy to do that because you know you think you're pushing yourself and you're sweating so much But you're really not pushing yourself out of your comfort zone. There were a lot a lot a lot a lot of tears Less to add more tears. You're gonna feel like you can't do it And that's when your mind kicks in because when you're in the gym, it's all mindset the whole entire thing So you can come in here and be the strongest person, but if you think you can't do something you're not gonna do it That's the main thing that was holding me back. I would literally wake up in the morning Be like oh my god. I have to go train today. It's been a journey, but she said great so far. I'm really proud of her When my mind is set and my mind is clear. I'm good. So I came into the gym and Pretty sure it was a shoulder day that day and I was just going through the workout just going and she's like you cannot complain You're not, um, arguing with me. You're not complaining. You're not stopping and you just have to keep going with everything and You know that workout was great. When you push yourself out of your comfort zone and you succeed in doing that It's like you have no boundaries. You want to come back to the gym and seeing how far you can push the envelope My dad used to be a bodybuilder when he was about my age. My mom owns her own fitness studio So it's like my family is just around it all the time and I would be the last person to ever And anyone in my family to ever do this because you know, I'm the girl that you know, he says much as she wants whenever she wants And I'm just like, oh, I'll just work it off later and I actually walked in on her eating pizza and wings with her friends She was mid by she had a bunch of like finished wings on her plate and she had pizza on her plate and her friends Like that her plate right there and I was like, oh dear Lord. I weigh it broken and I'm like, hey, what did you eat last night? She's like, oh, last night. I had fried lobster, like, luck next to cheese, a burger fries, ice cream and soda And I'm like, you had all that in one sitting and she's like, yeah, and I'm like, oh my god I'm like, oh my god, I'm like, you didn't do how am I going to change its skills eating habits I'm studying nutritional sciences in school. I want to become a registered dietitian Things that I'm learning in school, it's sure they make perfect sense I mean like, if everyone ate the way they're supposed to eat all of these super models You know, but we're not and people don't do that and people have mental, like mental blocks And they need to get through them people have psychological things going on that also had to be taken into account So the fact that I'm doing this I can really relate to someone The things I'm learning in school plus this is just like the total package of what a nutritionist It's supposed to be like relatable and knowledgeable and like experience You know, I thought I was going to have a worse time with the food than with the workout But it ended up being flat-flopped When I arrived at the Olympia, I didn't know what to expect I was never been to a show. I've never, I only thought the only category that was was bodybuilding I didn't even know, I'm telling about my trainer that there was even other divisions So I'm walking around the meatfield and beans and I run into Nicole Negrani I didn't realize the ages of people When you look at someone, like, you know, they're age So I'm figuring this girl's like, wilds in the meat like mid-20s maybe She's like, my age in college, like pre-med, doing crazy things in school And she won the Olympia last year by the way Because in the beginning, I'm like, how am I going to go to school? Do this. You have a life. I was just like, no one does this This is crazy But then I met her and she's like, no, if you prioritize your time Go to the gym between classes, cook all your meals in the dorm, bring them with you to class and you're fine And I'm just like, you make it sound so easy She just really want, she wanted to help me She wasn't just like, yeah, well, I'm already the best So I'm not telling you my secrets, no, like she was very relatable And that's what I like because a lot of other people that I also I got to talk to feel like I got to talk to Nicole Wilkins I got to talk to a whole bunch of people And they just wanted to help, they wanted to just spread like wellness to everyone And like that's what I wanted to do too, so it's very welcoming Experience for me, it was just a huge eye opener to like the possibilities I have my first competition tomorrow on Saturday and I'm not really sure what to expect Because I can only prepare myself so much After that show is done, I would like to enter another show in the near future I want to be able to do the same thing I'm doing But, you know, on my own time, I want to be able to have, you know, not work out for three hours a day I want to be able to, you know, work out for one hour a day I keep all my eating habits the same and just get my body to where I want it to be And my own time because I just want to be the optimal version of myself She's been working so hard last five weeks I just can't wait for her whole package to come together Her friends are feeling like going to be there It's going to be so exciting and it's our first show man Like the first show is like you never forget your first show, you know So I'm excited They're the most proud of me, obviously, because they're my parents And I actually got my mom to enter a show Because she's always wanted to, you know, do something She wasn't, you know, she was always, if you, whether she wanted to do it She'd call me, I'm going to go, if you're my inspiration I entered the show and I was like, what? She's always been my inspiration Like I've always looked at my mom I always wanted to be as good as she was my mom And for her to say that she looks up to me, I'm just like, wait, what? Like, you want to be like me? And she's like, oh, I'm getting a emotional talk to her To fact that I inspired my mom to do something like with fitness Like, awesome. This is what they wanted me to do all along So, yeah, I don't know, it feels good Shooting this is obviously like the best way to get to people Because I'm gonna get to a whole bunch of people at one time But, you know, honestly, if I get to one person at a time And like, really hit home with someone And like, just get them to go to the gym Or get them to go eat to help me meal like, I'll be good I'm most proud of the way I'm a churn You know, the gluesing way I've lost Almost 12 pounds in five weeks. I mean, that's awesome But, to me, the most valuable thing is the way that I've grown on the inside And I think that it was really vital for me to do that Because, no, I've been sheltered and my whole life, my parents You know, wanted to keep me under the perfect little roof You know, now that I'm out and, you know, by myself and the world Like, you know, things are happening like, oh, we've got to call my mom Dad, no, like, I need a handle as by myself So, I'm definitely learning how to handle situations Be more mature, so that's the most valuable thing I've got on with us I'm Brooke Dragon and I'm really excited that I can, you know, get my story out there And start inspiring other people and getting them motivated And you guys can find me on body space And for more information, check out bodybuilding.com