Good morning on this very early third day of the muscle building trainer. Today you're probably feeling quite sore from your chest and tricep workouts on OIM, which is a good thing because of the weight that I was using yesterday. I didn't really know if I was going to be sore but by focusing on the contraction of the muscle and the negative was able to break down that muscle tissue. One of the things that's going to help prevent that soarness is obviously rebuilding that tissue. So branch chain amino acids, BCA's, they're coming various forms whether it be capsule, whether it be in a liquid or in a powder form is an essential. So it's a third day of our muscle building workout. We are going to be hitting shoulders and abs today. Second time that we've hit abs this week. We did lower abs at the beginning of the week. Now we're going to hit the upper abs. It's going to be a tough workout. shoulders not being a large muscle group but you know we have to hit it from many different angles to really target it and it can be a muscle group that is hard for people to isolate. So I'm going to break that down to ensure that you do isolate it to make sure that we get everything that we want out of every single day over these next 12 weeks. On a way to the gym because the gym is about an hour away at least from where I reside. So it's quite a track so it gives me plenty of time to digest the food, mentally stimulate myself for the workouts. The soon we walked into the gym was warmed up the shoulder girdle and then we did a standing shoulder press with the dumbbells. So we raised up, used our rotator cups and our tracts to bring the weight up and then our outer and front belts to plow with the weight up. We reached failure at around 10 repetitions. Once we reached failure couldn't do any more you'll notice that you're still able to push out a few. Until even you're just moving a couple of inches just to ensure that there is nothing left in the time for whatever you should be running on vapours, you know even after your first set. We did that four times. When you do that make sure that you keep the tension on your traps. I've all time when you're holding the dumbbell at the bottom don't let your arms relax. Keep your body in your torso tight. We went straight onto the side raises. Now you will notice that my form may look a little bit loose to you but to me it feels very good. So that little bit of leverage and that little bit of suspension works well for me. However for you I would do recommend use a little bit of a tighter form. So I just did side raises and this is our front bar bell raise. So we were at a medium grip and when I say medium that's about shoulder width apart. We re-raised up over the eye level and then slowly came down again. I was using a little bit of control cheating here to get the movement up and again reach failure to around nine ten repetitions and then did our rest cause principle just to get out that 12 repetitions and we did three sets there. Our final exercise for delts was the bent over re-a raises. You will notice with the grip my hands were pronated you know my palms were facing behind me as opposed to neutral facing each other. The reason why I do that and with all the weights on the outside of my hands is I do believe that it isolates the rear delts that much more. So again reach failure at around eight repetitions I stood up, took a few deep breaths and then went down, did another one or two stood up until I reached my 12 repetitions. Up at abs was using a resistance to make sure that we stay within the realms of the Y3T rep principle of around eight to 12 repetitions so I wanted to make sure that we reach failure within those reps. If you do not have a decline bench within your facility just do it flat on a floor however make sure that your arms are vertical the whole time to add assisted resistance upon your upper abs. So we really worked the negative there, exploded a little bit more at the top and paused at the top and then come back down and we did about 10 repetitions there and we did four sets. Rest period was for about one minute but then when we finished our shoulder workout we rested for about four five minutes. Once we did that we moved on to barbell rollouts so you'll notice again I rolled out very very slowly came in nice and slowly as soon as you feel the tension release away from your abs that's when you know you've got to go out again. Don't come all the way in and have a breather left to rease it you'll probably end up doing 20 reps we need a reach failure within about 10 so I think I reached failure at around eight and then rest paused until I got 10 and again we did three sets on that one and I really felt depleted during this workout. Today we did 15 minutes on a bike you'll notice I did three minutes lower intensity so I didn't have that much resistance I always had a high cadence on the bike and then I increased the resistance so I had to stand up and pedal for one minute and then I came back down I did that for three cycles totaling 15 minutes. So three days in a road tomorrow is going to be four days in a row even though it's my first quick back in a gym it feels good it feels like I'm growing already I'm adding more sodium into my diet some holding a little bit more fluid same with the creatin I've added a little bit of weight already I'm 91 kilos I was 89 on Monday 89.9 feels good that I'm adding weight already and I'm growing because I know I'm going to fill this out. I was very nervous at the beginning thinking that I'm in too much of a deficit of all the muscle that I've lost but I'm confident now that we can do it we will do it. Unaccountable to you now I'm being transparent you be transparent to me lay all your goals out there online on body space let us know exactly what you want to attain and put your sincerity on the line and we will help as your account of body to allow you to achieve that. I've had my post-workout shake so remember as soon as you finish your workout that's when you have your protein isolate immediately following and then you do your cardio so that's it for today I'm going to go home now and on the way home it's another meal just remember if you've got your nutrition your supplementation your rest your recovery on track you're going to be right there alongside with me so now as soon as I've got in the car here I am having more egg whites and oats and some plain apple there get some antioxidants in my carbohydrates and obviously my protein so egg whites have a very high BV you know by availability that is my food of choice right now