The early-ever client of Drain has questions about supplementation. And my answer is always the same. If you don't take him, you're not going to get your results as quickly or as dramatically, but the list of supplements out there seem endless. So picking a right one can be tough. But we've amassed the best of the best to make sure that you reach your goals as fast as possible. Protein is essential for growth. A weight protein is easily absorbed on low and fat and sugars. Try to get about 40 grams postwork out and you can also have it throughout the day to make sure that you have one gram per pound of body weight. When choosing a weight protein, we list the nutritional label on every product page to make sure that you get one low and cholesterol, low and carbohydrates and low and sugars and fats. In order to build muscle, I have to be taking protein. Now I take a protein powder because it's a fast, easy community way to do that without it. I wouldn't reach my goals. A multivitamin ensures that nutrients are missing from your diet. So your body can just focus on what it wants most. Building more muscle. Now buying a cheap multivitamin off the value match shelf just won't cut it. That's good for the sedentary individual. But for an active individual, you need to get the best if you want to be the best. Essential fatty acids. They call the central because your body can't produce them. You need to get them through your diet or through supplementation. And Omega 3 is a particularly helpful because they help with brain function, joint mobility and increase testosterone levels. When you train intensely amino acids which are essential for muscle growth, like a pleating, BCA's or branch chain amino acids are essential for this growth and best taken before and after your workout. Take about 5 to 10 grams, pre and post workout to get your maximum results. When I was working out in the gym, I was getting really, really sore, but I wasn't recovering fast enough for the next workout. And when I incorporated branch chain amino acids, I realized that, hey, I'm not as sore as I was, I can get the next workout. The best pre-workout supplement is going to contain creatine, citrally, and adgeny. And these together will help you get a better blood flow, better pump and better nutrient delivery to the muscles. Pre-workouts coming several forms, pills are great for convenience, but powders will provide you the fastest absorption. After demolished the weights, your body is an immediate need of nutrients to jumpstart growth and repair. Experts refer to this 15 to 30 minutes as the anaepolic window. Take advantage of this window before closes by downing a postworkout shake with 3 key ingredients. Fast digesting carbs, weight protein and creatine. You now have a supplement stack to get massive and muscular. From your foundational supplements to your heavy hitters, what a buildup commons got you covered. Thanks for watching.