The biggest surprise was the condition that Jay Copmer was in. He was coming out doing fist pumps and he had this extreme confidence and he did the quad stop and I turned to my wife and I said I've never seen Jay like this before. He's got a good, very good chance of winning this show back and it's getting to be who's going to take second through last place. Branch Warren was also surprised last year. He came in looking phenomenal, best conditioning that he's ever shown. There are a few guys that did look as good as they had in the past. Dennis Wolfe, he didn't even place last year. He came in, he was looking very smooth, his conditioning was way off and the crowd knew it as soon as he walked out of his dead silence and people knew something was wrong. Like I said, he did make the final cut, he did make the top 15. Ty Green and Phil Heath were both a little off last year. Phil had a bow with food poisoning and just time things a little wrong. I think he and Oscar probably spent a little bit too long and Vegas before the show last year with their prep. They came out a couple months early. It's probably a little bit too long so they're staying out of New York a little bit longer this year and trying to correct things. But those are the big surprises for last year's show. The guys who were in the top six places last year probably be in the top six places again this year. I'll talk mostly about those guys and then a few of the guys that are probably like seven, eight and nine that I think the dark horse is a technique up to possibly the top six spots. Jake Kotler as everybody knows he came back last year, one is titled back. The first time someone had one their title back after they were defeated and that was the first time in the Mr. Lemby history that was done. And he looked great, he was in phenomenal conditions, his best night ever seen him like the center of the earth. And if J comes in looking that way again this year there's a very strong possibility he will win his fourth Mr. Lemby title. Branch Warren last year who came in second, there's no one could have predicted the way he looked last year. I don't think anyone predicted that he would have came in second place and placed ahead of Dexter Jackson, the guy that won it in 2008. Still debatable whether or not he deserved second place and was very close between him and Dexter Jackson if he would have taken third I don't think anyone would have complained is very close but he was in great condition last year in the judges awarding it for. Dexter Jackson the blade took third last year at the Mr. Lemby and he would like to win his title back. There's no doubt in my mind he wants to win his title back. He's been training with Charles Glass for a while out here in California and I think Dexter is a little hungry this year and he wants his title back and he's training hard and I think he's going to just step it up a little bit more and he looked good last year. He didn't look bad but I think he wants it. I think he stepped up his training a little bit trying to try to win his title back. Kai Green was in fourth place last year and he again won the Arnold Classic in March this year defeating Phil Heath. I don't think he was as sharp at the 2010 Arnold Classic as he was at the 2009 Arnold Classic but a week or two later after the Arnold this year he traveled to Australia for the Australian Pro and his conditioning was much improved and as Kai said he thought that was the best shape that he'd ever been in and judging for the photographs I'd have to agree he looked really really good. If Jay's off this year then we could have an in Mr. Olympia Kai Green could potentially be the new Mr. Olympia. Last year I had predicted Phil Heath was going to win the Mr. Olympia. But I know that he was going to get overcome by food poisoning the night before the judging I didn't know Jay Cutler was going to come in the most fantastic shape of his life. So Phil took fifth last year Jay wanted Phil took second at the Arnold Classic this year. Just about six months ago he was defeated by Kai Green. It was close I could have seen and I thought Phil had it one but apparently Kai sharpened up just enough at night and was able to gun her the first place trophy. Phil always makes great progress between each show he says healthy this year. I see him in a top three spot this year and if Kai and Jay are both off he could step in and actually win the Mr. Olympia title too. Victor Martinez was able to get six place last year despite having a horrible, horrible personal life last year. He had a lot of things happening. Probably the worst was a sister being murder without having his head in mindset at 100% he was able to take six place in the world's biggest professional bodybuilding championship. I don't know if his leg is going to be up to the caliber of Mr. Olympia status yet after his injury in 2008 that he required surgery for. We'll see. I don't think we've seen the best picture Martinez yet. I still think we will see the best Victor Martinez in the years to come. We haven't seen it yet. Ronnie Rockle was 7th last year. He took six at the Arnold Classic. I could have seen Ronnie a couple places higher at the Arnold Classic. I could have actually seen him in fourth place. Ronnie has established himself as one of the better bodybuilders out there. Kind of flies under the radar. He needs a little bit more back development, a little bit more width, a little bit more thickness, a little bit more detail. But all in all he's got good proportions, good symmetry, he's got enough muscle mass. And I think that with a little bit of fine tuning he could break into the top six this year. Tony Freeman is one of those guys that is inconsistent. You don't know which Tony Freeman is going to walk on the stage. He's going he could be super ripped and shredded and flat. He could be full and a little smooth. He can put a winning combination together like he has a couple times. I think his best showing was a 2008 Mr. Olympia or the 2007 Iron Man. If Tony can put it together with a winning combination, he's got a top position also. If not, I see him somewhere 7 through 10 this year. He's over 40. So it's going to be a little bit more difficult for him than some of the other guys to give in the type of condition that he needs to be at to place really well to Mr. Olympia. Dennis Wolf is a guy that everyone says has a lot of potential and I agree he does. His breakout show is the 2007 Mr. Olympia. A lot of people thought he should have wanted that year. A lot of people thought he was going to win it the following year. Again, he's another guy that's been inconsistent with his contest prop. And if he comes in at 100% the way everyone wants Dennis to look, he's going to be in the top six. But he's struggling with getting to look that Dennis needs to get. Last year he was way too smooth. He came into the New York pro to requalify. He took third and did qualify this year. But he was flat. He was depleted and he wasn't the normal bold Dennis Wolf that we've seen. And I think if he can put it together, he's going to be a threat. But until he does that, he's looking to make the top 10. But if he does put it together, he's top six. And it's all to Dennis and see where he wants to actually place this year. Really winkler is one of those guys that it was amazing. I saw him at the Arnold Classic in the pump up room. And I was shocked. I mean, in my previous article for the Arnold Classic, I picked him to be dead last. You know, the new kid on the block always takes last in the Arnold Classic. So I thought that was pretty safe. I'd seen his pictures online from last year's Arnold amateur win. And he looked okay. But I didn't see him having a top spot against the best professionals. Boy, I was shocked. And I think a lot of people were. Really after that show had a pretty big fan base established. He came back qualified at the Mr. Olympia, the Australian Pro, by taking third behind Kai and Dexter. And a few months later, he came back and he won the New York Pro against guys like Tony Freeman and his Wolf, he did Tate Yamagishi. So, really is one of those guys that you got to watch out for. He could easily sneak into the top six this year if some of the other guys are off. He's got, like I said, he's got a huge fan base. I've been reading on thebodybuilding.com message boards. And there was a debate who's got the best all time tricep. I think it was. Rul, there was a really winkler. It was a fill-heath. And you had guys going back and forth saying, no, it's Rul, he has her his or her better. And then there's another guy saying it's fill-heath. And they're comparing the, you know, the long head of the tricep in the shape and the amount of striations. It was pretty, it was pretty entertaining. So, I enjoy reading that stuff guys. Keep it up. I love reading it. So, who has the best triceps fill or Rulie? I'm hoping they're standing side by side. I'm hoping the guys in the message boards get to see him standing side by side this year also because I think everyone wants to see that. That'll be a good match up between Rulie and Phil Heath. I hope Rulie gets some comparisons in there and they all come in at a really, really good shape. As far as predictions last year, I predicted Dexter Jackson to come in third and that was about the only thing that I got right. There wasn't a whole lot of people that predicted the outcome last year. And this year, it's hard to say, but I'll stick my neck out. I'm going to say Jay Coller is going to win. Ky Green in second, Phil Heath in third, Dexter Jackson in fourth, Victor Martinez in fifth and I'm say Branch Warren in sixth place. Rulie win cleared seventh. So, there you have it. Those are my predictions. I am really looking forward to being there again this year. I'll be there with my wife and we'll have a good time in Vegas and we will be keeping up with a hectic schedule, but it's a lot of fun and I'm really looking forward to again.