The 3-coin drill in terms of the NFL combine is a linear start position at 3.5 and it is a power drill, not linear speed. Because the distance is so short it's only 5 yards it's more of a bound into the drill and a linear bound out of that 5 yards. After that then it becomes a speed motion because you're looking on it at circular speed which is very specific to a number of athletes. The easiest examples are you'll pass rushing, coming around the corner or a wide receiver and coming across a middle and turning on the drill. You know those type of circular cuts are very important and football so what gets better way to demonstrate your ability to navigate those turns than to put a 5-yard radius on the turn itself. We're going to do this thing together when standing a line, feet together, step. I'm going to bring my left foot back toe to ankle bone, right foot back 4-6 inches. I'm going to drop my right hand right to the edge of that line, put my left hand down in front. I'm going to load the left knee, nose to knee, lock the right tricep, left hand up, 1,000 1,000, 2,1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 5, 2. You're not necessarily going to be running out of the start, you're going to be bounding out of the start. So you notice that Mark was putting Brennan in position, identical to our teaching philosophy on the 40-yard start itself. Now at the same time once you come out of your start it's not going to be a run, it's going to be a 3-step bound. It's very, very similar to a triple jump and track and feel. What? Two-hiss step touch? What? Two-hiss touch? Come on, I'm action fire out. So you're gonna jump out of the start, not run out, and hit a bound, and then a bound hit step stop. When you come back, it's the same three step technique where you're literally trying to throw your legs up and out as high as you can, and gain as much distance on every step. So it becomes a power bound not a run. So the key points to remember is our proper progression leading up to the three point stance. Our one, two, his step touch, our two-hiss step back touch, and our double arm action fire, take us into the acceleration phase. The significance of the five-yard radius arc run is real simple. It's circular speed. Circular speed is used so much in football. That obviously, that's why I, my opinion, it's put into the three cones real because the demonstration of that type of speed relates to so many positions and so many instances in the game itself. We're gonna start three yards away from this first orange cone here. I'm gonna demonstrate first here. I'm gonna put my basically my right foot back, my right arm forward, I'm gonna two point stance. I'm gonna start firing my arms. I throw my head towards these cones. I'm leaning, I ensure lean. My tilting my head towards these cones are a matching keeping it as tight as possible. Tight as possible. Pumpin' my arms, arm action, hand clear in the hip. It's fast as possible. Finish strong through the line, through the white cone. I keep it as sharp and it's tight as possible. So Brandon's gonna give us a live run through here. He's gonna back up. He's gonna be three yards away from this first orange cone. You're gonna start off with this left foot forward, right foot back, two point stance, right arm forward. Ready? Go! That's it. Nice job. Nice arm action. The five-yard radius is obviously just means that the cones replace five yard of parts if you're running around a circle. The radius is going to be five yards, which is identical to the drill. So what we do with athletes, they might do great in terms of the first five yards, the second five yards, then when they come out of the second stop, they navigate that first turn. They might square this and pose around you. So a lot of times we'll just use the preparation of that five-yard arc radius just in itself, because it's gonna help you navigate the first turn and the last turn of the drill. You just have to throw the head towards the imaginary center of the circle at the same time as just keep your arms pumping. That's good. That's good. Remember the legs follow the arms in every instance of walking, sprinting, jogging, whatever. So if you wanna maximize your circular speed and your head is in position, which means you're body-leaning the position, you just want to follow up with rapid rapid arm action. So we just will do arc runs itself, just like Mark and Brennan were doing, and that in itself will make you more efficient in circular running than when you put it in the three cone, it just happens naturally. Now the arc runs are extremely, extremely taxing. So you wanna minimize the overall volume of the arc runs that you do. You might say we do one to the left, one to the right, take a rest period, getting some three-point training. And this is one of those things that's very, very easy to feel for athletes. They'll come out of a squared turn by gay, and I square that turn, they can feel it. So it's very easy to self-coach. The importance of the single cone sprint drills is very, very simple. You're coming to a complete stop at having to change directions at the same time of navigate around the cone without it falling over. So the desoloration components are already kind of built into the previous drills. Once you desolorated, I wanna make sure that they're able to accelerate as quickly as possible. So my opinion you do that by just consistently chopping the feet and keeping the arms moving. It just teaches that quick put action of pop-up hoppup and you re-excelerate. Violin arms, lots of choppy steps. We're gonna stand in that line. We're on our back one on forward here. Choppy feet, you're gonna have violet feet. NeacTION, knees up, that's it. Choppy and the speed, that's one trip. Arm action, two trips, one more. Arm action, three trips. We're gonna have a great choppy feet. He had lots of knee drive. Arm action. In terms of that single cone sprendrill, that is probably the one you should do the least. Okay, and again, only three revolutions, that's it. Don't do any more than that, cause you're gonna get dizzy, it's gonna come a worthless drill. But again, if you have problem, if you feel coming out of that turn clean, you wanna do three quick revolutions, that can rest here, go right back into the three cone drill. My philosophy is that strength is the key. That strength and that speed strength in a power potential can relate to anything. As long as that is set, I don't feel the need to consistently beat up the joints. The one drill I think, that's kind of a combination. Everything, that's got the power, it's got the linear power, it's got the circular, multi-directional speed, it's got the breaking, everything. So I've talked with some scouts that think that that's one of the most important drills that the combine, because it has everything you need. The overall reps and volume of a three cone approach, that all is very minimal. You know, we might actually have three of the four days straight in your speed. We might get to the end of that type of training session and just throw in a good 10 to 15 minute block of three cones and shuttles. You know, we don't practice it a lot, we really don't. Expect a good time, I always say the bench block is you have to break seven, just have to. You know, and I believe that across more of our aimless dial alignment. When you get into typical speed positions, like wide receiver and defensive back, I strive for six, six, seven, I really do. Lime in the odd berries, I'd say, where between like a seven three range is kind of what we shoot for in terms of the elite. I'm going to try to get everybody in the seven, five's or below. Be sure to check out the entire series of drills for the three cone on the page below. I mean, entire Bomberator Performance Systems football training series program is available here on bodybuilding.com.