The broad jump has been explained me by a lot of personnel that has probably the most specific test there is. Horizontal power relates to so many things in football and that's really all it does. It's a true expression of horizontal power. The only rule really is when you go through the descent or the ascent of the jump before you're feet leaving ground, you can't shuffle your feet to get our main planet. And then once you jump out and your feet stick, you have to stick to land and you cannot fall backwards and you cannot fall forward either. The box broad jump, the broad jump just to get that pure expression of horizontal power, but at the same time, soft in the landing. The landing does go through an excessive joint load that you don't want to repeat over and over again. You want to be able to actually execute the form on a broad jump without the impact and the joint load of the landing. So what better way than the soft land by jumping up on the box is that simple. It's identical to the exercise we did for the vertical jump in terms of linear box jump. And for now we're going to take the box height down a little bit about this height and we're going to stand further back. So it's going to technically be a broad jump with height up onto the box. So a box this height, we're going to back up anywhere between three and five feet. So Mark has to have it going to demonstrate this one. Approximately three to four feet away. The position being about hip width apart, the arm starting up at the body fully erect in terms of the hips, the knees and the ankles have no bend in it. It's going to be a rapid arm action down with the hands clearing the hip. Then at the bottom of the deep knee bend you drive your arms forward. The hips will follow. Then you're going to be jumping up and on to the box. The only difference in the arm action is now after you come out of your D-cent and into your A-cent you're going to kind of put your arms out and up a little bit and let your hips just follow your arms up onto the box. Remember the arms will always lead the hips on the D-cent and up into the jumping action. Good. You know how his forward projection of his hips. So it's not necessarily just a vertical. Now we're looking for more horizontal plus vertical power. There's no correct progression. It's micro progression within what that person is able to do at that particular moment. So if they can safely land on a box, that is the proper distance. The I'd say on average we typically start people out about three feet away from the box and up onto about a 35 to 40 inch box. Then we micro-progress the box up and their distance back. Again arm action will lead the hips. Jump up and on to the box. Try to do it a couple times a week because you're going to soften the load of the body joint loading. Be great for technique. You know keep the reference between one and three. The Lambeine Linder Jammer definitely have a favorite exercise of mine because it's a great way to load and be able to micro-progress through an external load of horizontal power. If you look at the Lambeine Linder Jammer itself and you look at Mark's X to the song film. When he drops his knee down it looks very very similar to the base of the jump. You know the full hip knee and ankle flexion of the jump itself before he explodes into his jump. The Lambeine is this sleeve here we have actually have attached to the rack but they can also be at that sleeve that fits into the bar can also be on a ground plate. And a combat handle attached here which is a very very inexpensive easy way to train linear power. Okay. So at the bar fitting into the Lambeine sleeve we have the plate. Now when we do our linear jammer we obviously need a little bit of room in between the plate and the combat handle. We just fit a simple PVC pipe. So in terms of the setup Mark's going to pick up the combat handle put it right on his shoulders. Okay. Then you want to find a good lean in order to get that linear position. So notice how the combat handles, we're in his hands, sets up on his shoulders. He's going to back up about 45 to 60 degrees. Then when I say set he's going to drop down into a squat position getting the knees is closely brown as possible. When I say hit he's going to explode board just like the broad jump or the box broad jump we just demonstrated and the acceleration of his hips is going to pop his hands out into an extension. So perfect start position, set, hit, good. So I like a lot because you can overload the system. And the energy transfer that is created from the hips can be extended out and transferred to the arms. It's very similar to when you do a broad jump you're trying to hold your arms up and out as long as you can even into the decent before you land. So I think it's great for the joint loads, it's great to micro-progress an external load and it's phenomenal for the energy transfer from the hips all the way through the upper body extending out. Walk back with the handles on the shoulders, good 45 degree lean, hit. I like to hit that about once a week and I like to keep the rep range. Again, about that four to five is maybe even six range because I really want to try to micro-progress and load it up as much as possible over the course of the overall program. I do one more rep, bring it to the shoulders, get the lean, set, hit. And relax. But for the specifics of the broad jump, that loaded horizontal power cannot be under stated in terms of its importance. Another exercise great for the broad jump is the elevated back once. I think it's just a great single-late strengthening exercise. There's a lot of single-late strengthening exercises that you can do that would help you in the broad jump or any other athletic motion. The elevated back lunge is definitely a favorite of mine because from the back of the position, you're actually selling your hips forward number one. The other thing is the joint load on the back leg is extremely important. I like that reflex and that stretch you get through the ankle joint on the back leg. And if you elevated, you can actually drop your back knee below the front foot. What's going to happen is piece going to stand up on the plate both feet together. It's going to set himself under that bar. It's going to lock his elbows here. Once that bar is secure, both feet on a plate. Make sure he's on a plate so we can drop that foot that knees going to be below the front foot. So if he's going to step back full of air, step back, absorb the blow tap and accelerate forward. As he accelerates forward, he's going to make sure that the chest doesn't sink. Okay? Exorve the blow, lock the ankle, lock the ankle, absorb the blow tap the knee, accelerate it forward. Accelerated forward, make sure his shoulders do not come forward. He does not class the chest. That's it. So the elevated back lunge is great for just pure single leg strengthening, which is very very important. Plus I like that reflex. You get through the hip and the ankle because you're forced to drop into a back lunge. It's easy to micro-progress in terms of the external load, which is the weight in your back. First lunge, tap, lock the ankle, step forward. That's it. Tap the knees, step all the way forward. Come more. So lock the ankle, absorb the blow, accelerate forward. I like to keep out rep range from you know, five down to three, you know, really try to load it up and build pure maximal strength. The seated band hamstring curl was an exercise that we chose to demonstrate for this video series because it's very simplistic and it's easy to control. But at the same time, you have to be able to control pure knee flexion without a lot of external things like hip flexion, hip extension, getting in the way of what you're trying to accomplish. So a piece going to sit up straight on this bench right here, which is going to lock his hands. He's in a perfect aerodynamic position. He's going to curl that band in. He's going to have absolutely no pelvic tilt whatsoever. He's going to squeeze that band in in a controlled manner. Squeeze, he lets it out in a controlled manner. He locks the ankle or all the way out full extension. It comes all the way back in. He's going to try to minimize knee lift. It is very, very easy to set up. You just take the band, wrap it around or loop it around any type of a post like the outside of the rack like we were doing. Then micro progression would just be limiting the distance where you go. You can even move the band up or down. When you move the band down, you're creating a different type of moment on which could add some more resistance. But, you know, typically we like to set the band up about hip level because it's easy to control. Loop the band around your leg. Then as you come back, you're actually varying the load because you're coming into more band resistance as you're getting into more and more knee flexion. All the way in, all the way out, full extension, no pelvic tilt. He's sitting up straight, great posture. All the way in, squeeze. This exercise can be done prone on a machine or prone with a partner. We chose the band because it's, you don't need a lot of equipment. Anybody can buy a very inexpensive band and just set it up. As long as they're in the proper ergonomic position, as long as they understand it's all about, I symmetrically controlling your pelvis because you don't want the pelvis to shift which would be taking away from what you're really trying to accomplish with the goal of the exercises and that is just to strengthen your knee flexures. That's great all the way in all the way out, couple more reps. Squeeze hold. You see, it might only be getting like six to eight even ten reps, but your tempo might be two, three, two, like two seconds in. A three second pause and two seconds out. Anything that's going to increase the time under tension within a particular workout. Blood jump is very simple. It's horizontal power expression. And horizontal power is more specific to motions in football than vertical power. Vertical power is very general. Horses are horizontal power is very specific. If you look at just a pure acceleration step, that is an expression of horizontal power. There's no rhyme or reason on, can your broad jump increase draft stock? It may or may not. But the way I look at it is why not just go ahead and train for it because you might be neck and neck with another player and every single category when it comes down to athleticism, that might nudge you up. If it nudge as you up, that might be one draft spot, it might be two full rounds depending on all the teams picking behind you. So you never know how the drafts gun folds, you might as well get every single question answered and pure athleticism is just one of those questions. These exercises we do down here at Bommery Performance Sisters will definitely help you make massive gains in terms of your broad jump. You can be sure to check out the rest of the football training series on Bodybuilding.com.