The 225 test in Rutgers down at Calcombine can be simply stated it's just strengthened endurance. You know, it's obviously looking for maximal strength that's looking for endurance strength over time. So I think a 225 is just a number of that kind of pick that was safe. That was easy to kind of gauge in a pair from the year to year in terms of the overall strength endurance, which is an important factor of football. Because the actual test itself on bench is a rapid action with that stretch reflex, you want to enhance the motion and eventually over time. So I think that it's important to get speed, but also have that reverse strength and a DT-celleratoric component down towards the chest. So if you're looking at a one-one-star tempo, it's one second down, one second isometric pause and the X or the star does the nates exploding up to the end range of motion. Get your set position, you want to get a good arch in the back, glutes your tight on the bench, speed or tight on the floor, shoulder blade squeeze together, heads down. Good. Hey, and rack. Now if you're looking at star one star, you had that high speed, centric load with an isometric pause, then a complete explosion up to a star one star. Same exact setup, same grip. Hey, hey, and rack. Chain slash band same thing, it just varies the load. So at the bottom of the rep, the ball will be lighter at the top, the rep of ball will be heavier. So you had that acceleration component, the n-range emotions. We like to use chains to wear when you're fully extended, you still have a couple of links on the ground. I mean, you know, these are football players that are powerleters, so in order to just kind of bounce at ball or stabilization, if you have all the links off the ground, it's a little bit tougher at the top. Okay, next tempo is going to be star star star star. So you're going to be no isometric pause where I see if we can actually reflex down and up at the same time. It's not going to be a bounce off the chest. It's going to be a rapid acceleration downward. Right before the bar hits the chest, it's a rapid deceleration, then a re-acceleration, a reversal strength, up into the concentric action. The only difference is now it's going to be a little more challenging in terms of the pressing. So bench press for me to get the mentality that you're pressing out away for you towards your feet. Now, the final one is at exact star star star. It's simple. The only difference is no pause at the top. So eliminate the isometric down here. Look at the stretch reflex, but at the same time, can you accelerate all the way through the end range of motion, then pull back down and re-accelerate back down into the next rep. The star star star tempo, no pause at the top. Okay, racket. So the tempo again, one one star star, star one star star star star. Hammer grip bench is basically going to be here. What we want to do is try to get a little bit wider than the chest. I want to try to get a good stretch down and it's deep as possible. And I want to go for endurance. So we're going to go as fast as he possibly can. The tempo is going to be star star star, fast down with no pause, fast up. Raves of dumbbells get to the exact same stance. He did on the bench press in terms of the 5 point system. So lay back. feet, glutes, back, chest, let's go. We're going to good heavy weights. So he's coming all the way down, like I'll a little more at the top. That's it. All the way down. Clear the chest, all the way up, lock it out. I like to hammer grip because it's just changed. This stimulus a little bit from just in a forward benching. All thuring the rotation of the upper arm will change the stimulus. So I like to come out a little bit wider than the chest and get a real, real deep contraction. Just to put a little bit of a different stimulus across all the muscles and bow than the press. We're trying to get as deep as possible. It's fast as possible if it was made reps as possible. And good, doop it. What he's going to do is going to separate his feet here. Put his feet flat in the platform. A little more to his weight than his toes there. He's going to reach down. He's going to grab the spider grip right here. Clear properly. Once he pulls it off, he's going to pull his shoulders back into position. His arms are going to be locked. He's going to be engaged. He's going to rep in one time. Hold. Yeah, the row isometric wave tempo is very. Okay, so for each rep it's going to be a different tempo. So if you're looking at again concentric isometric eccentric on a row, the first rep of that series will be 161 or one second up, six second pause, one second down. Then you do a rep. Then when you come back up for the next one, it's one second up, five second hold, one second down. Then you do another rep of one-o-one tempo. Then you come back up, one second up, four second hold, one second down, do a rep. One second up, three second hold, one second down, all round of the two second hold to the one second hold. Six, five, four, three, two, one. Bring it down. He's going to do two repetitions. Nice controlled reps. Squeeze hold, five, four, three, two, one, two reps. I like to do a lot of isometrics for a number of reasons. I think that isometric strength in all of your scapular retractors and all the muscles and biomed in that wrong action are very, very important. Four, three, two, one, two reps. Nice control. Three, two, one. It's head is neutral, two reps. If you look in specifically for a performance on the bench press, you have to be able to maintain that isometric position for, you know, possibly up to 35 or even 60 seconds, in terms of you just be able to maintain it as you're reping it out. So what better way than train isometric strength than to actually do isometric weight loading in terms of the rows. The race is going to work is that he's going to stand inside. First he's going to start off with the green band. He's going to do as many reps as he can. He's going to start with his elbows tight, slightly lean forward. Elbows facing front, he's going to continue to start reps. Go. He's doing nice speed reps. Still maintaining control. He's going to force that band down, keep pushing, keep pushing. Get a good traction with the strike, working it. Try to push down with the band. I like to use the variable resistance because one thing about the triceps, the triceps contribution into bench press, what you're doing, a maximal bench press or even a dynamic bench press or even an endurance bench press. The triceps contribution is often neglected and extremely underrated. He's going to go to failure. He's going to use many reps as he can. He really wants to burn out those trice. He's going to keep pushing, keep pushing, keep pushing, maintain control. When he fails, I'm going to take this green band away. He's going to continue on. He's going to reverse his grip. I was going to do speed reps, reverse grip, push down. He's going to keep going, keeping elbows on the side, maintaining that fully lean. So, to keep pushing down, he's going to go to failure once again. Once you actually get the bar off your chest, he's going to start pressing the bar out towards your feet. The contribution of the tricep or the elbow extensor, so to speak, is tremendous. I think that's definitely a weak link. We see in a lot of athletes coming in. It's something we really overload. Rep it out. As many reps as it can, keep cranking them out the last two reps at the end of the most important. We're closing, recruiting that's it. More fires, that's it pushing it down. One more rep, that's it feet. Way to go. Every single upper body day that we do has got some type of elbow extensor type work. And we band almost all of it because we like that acceleration component. If you look at typical, you know, a T-bar row or a dumbbell row, it's going to be slow and controlled. With the sled, it's just a great motion to be able to hit that power in turns of those muscles over a distance. So when I say power endurance, obviously we've got a 40 yard sled row, you might get in a good 20 to 30 reps. Brendan's going to help us out again. He's going to keep going, doing consecutive reps. We're usually set it up at about a 40 yard distance. He's going to do as many reps as he can with the net 40 yard range. Okay. Brendan's going to pick up the handles, get his feet set, speed a little bit wider than the shoulders. Shoulders are back as butt is down. He's a nice flat back, head is neutral. He's not going to avoid all four lean. He does not want to lean and expose the lower back. Okay. Perfect posture. Squat down a little bit more. Shoulders back. Turn and row. Stand up. That's it. A nice pull is driving his elbows back violently. Squat. Turn and that's it. Nice strong base shoulders back, flat back. Safety. That's it. Shoulders back. Thumbs are down. Turn and row. Tage, drive the elbows back. Really working those round boys. That's it. One more rep. Drive the elbows back. The bench press itself is a power endurance strength in the run side of exercise. We're moving fast and moving very very powerfully and maintaining that strength. I think that you have to reverse that motion sometimes and that's why we have such good success with the sled row. Once again, we'll set up at about a 40 yard distance and he wants to try to work the entire length of that area. So you're going to work for the whole 40 yards. He's going to continue to try to drive reps for his main possible. Let's get the set up. There's one foot in front, one foot in back. He's going to try to keep his elbows in front. His hands can be separate a little bit. There you go. And he's going to try to rep it out, lean forward and drive snap it out. Get full extension. That's it. As he keeps walking, be continuous. Walk, push. That's it. Another step. Lock it out. He's going to try to keep his elbows facing front. He maintains that forward lean. Keep walking. When he try to make it as though that sled won't stop, he's going to keep reping it out. That's it. Nice job. Different stimulus across the tricep to be able to have that same type of elbow extensor strength at very, very powerful actions. And the same type of thing is it's just endurance over time. Four lean. Hands fall behind the head. Lock it out full extension. That's it. Slightly lean forward. His back is flat. He's neutral driving that sled away. I'm going to tell obviously, no is five position by how big you are. Your number should be as long as you consistently lift weights. I think that's what it does. You're looking at some guys. It's not afraid to lift weights. It's not afraid to take care of his body. You don't have to be like a weight you're in free. But you look at the average numbers. You know, the good number for linements in the 30s, the middle level guys, the tight ends line back is 25, running backs 20, DBs, wide receivers around that 15 range. As long as you can get that baseline number, you're looking at a guy's not going to be a consistent problem with the proper strength in getting a shing program for the team. These exercises we just showed you will help you perform it to the 225 reps test. Be sure to check out the entire boundary performance systems for fall training tiers here on bodybuilding.com.