So basically a barmed-up performance that actually comes in, we have to figure out how many the multi-zeeding a day. A lot of times we want it to, if that, and just pull the time to meals and pull the comprised meals from there. You start to understand and break down how many calories are going to be in each meal. When those high calorie, a low calorie meal is going to be in the exact specific timing and break down, when they will take place through the entire day of each meal. Three solid meals a day, two snacks, maybe one evening meal as well, so it's anywhere from five to six meals and that sometimes includes pre-imposed work out nutrition as well. Also a part of step one is the body composition test, which is also known as the body fat test. We use the body fat calipers to do a nine point test. There's several ways to test your body fat. We feel most comfortable doing that. Most efficient for us. Once you know your body fat, you know where you are, you're starting point is very important. You know where we want to go with that is, because if they get fat, I mean if you run a program where you're consuming mass calories, because you're trying to put on weight, well then of course we want them to get that person's body fat up a little bit because they come into a little bit too lean and that season is long. They're going to wear and tear up wear and tear up during the season. They're going to be able to take care of the body so we're going to have to have a little bit higher body confidence. They're incredibly lean person and lean gainer. If they're a little bit too heavy, they also need to be a little bit light so they're not over taxing their body. So if they're 350 pounds and they're incredibly soft, maybe they could be about 305 pounds, 308 pounds and they could just lean up and gain a little bit of muscle reduced the body fat. Every meal is actually made up with an assortment of micro nutrients and different vitamins. Micro nutrients because it's just thing, oh vitamin A, vitamin C, vitamin E and health effects, vitamin A, it would be, uh, carinoids. You get that from carrots, vitamin C would be citrus fruits. You get that in any vegetable as well. And vitamin E and healthy fats get from nuts. So we can add any healthy fats to it. I mean you can add flacks, fish, coconut oil, things like that. I mean those are the things that we really want to keep an eye on because of an athletes pushing yourself and grind themselves down. You can wear an athlete out if you're not getting the proper micro nutrients he needs, but probably we cover within he's not going to heal properly. It revolves for how wonderful the work out is. We try to day person buying the sources that they come from. I'm a benefits or a proper recovery, regeneration, shortening the time in between workouts. When we talk about recovery, we make sure that we can keep a close watch on what the way those micro nutrients come from. I mean we get them from food, we get them from supplementation. We essentially use both. Step three, cover hydrates, bomber phones, we follow the glycemic index. glycemic index, the simplify it is basically the number placed on each cover hydrate food based on the higher the number, the more quickly distributed it is to the energy usage, the lower the number it is, the slow distribution it is for energy throughout your body. You want to basically stick to complex or low glycemic index number foods. You can actually use that energy throughout the entire day and not ready energy. First we make sure that the athlete gets a good variety of those combat cover hydrates here is a multiple of choices from you know, a whole grain rice to kinua, millet, barley, things like sweet potatoes, oatmeal, you know, combat cover hydrates are basically our main source of energy. The training is not the average person goes into a weightroom for 40 minutes. They're out here doing drills, agility. They need proper fuel all day. We keep referring to our main source of energy, keeping that athlete fueled up so that athletes in a position to be successful throughout the day and throughout the whole training block. Every athlete needs carbohydrates, irregularities to be trying to gain or lose if we have a very large athlete and often it's a lie in a defensive lineman. He's still going to get accomplished, cover hydrates even if he's a smaller athlete, D.B. or speed athlete. He's going to get lower glycemic foods as well. I don't think it necessarily has to apply to the position or the size so much as for the proper fuel that athlete. We try to give the athlete an opportunity rather to choose different sources of animal protein. We do go organic and we try to keep everything as clean and it's the most natural state as possible. We go anywhere from organic wild salmon, organic turkey. We go tuna, chicken, hormone free, antibiotic free, chicken. Anything with the body doesn't recognize simply put will be stored as fat. So we make it as efficient as possible. No preservatives, very clean food, hormone free, antibiotic free. We try to get them at least two grams per pound. But if it athletes 150 pounds, if he's getting 300 grams, he can be put in himself in a position to be successful and he's in a part of the state in regards to being an antibiotics state throughout the day during his training box. The definition of antibiotics is keep the body in a muscle building state. Keep the muscle tissue healing and recovering properly and basically giving it everything it needs to keep producing healthy muscle tissue. An athlete that's catabolic is an athlete that a body has turned to using that muscle for fuel and we want to stay away from that at all costs. If you're trying to gain weight or lose weight, you still want to stay in the antibiotics state. You know, you're primary source of energy would not be muscle. Our athletes are very susceptible to falling into catabolic. They based on the amount of the workload we're placing on them and regards to the field work. A agility speed work can also spend time in the weight room. That's the general breakdown for what we've followed here in Bomba-Reheat-O-Four-Formation System. To get a more specific breakdown to help you get closer to your goals, check out the page below and welcome to the Revolution.