Well, the vertical jump is a measure of vertical power. So you had the two jumps that jumping in the vents of the combine, broad jump versus vertical jump. The vertical jump will measure vertical power, the broad jump will measure horizontal power. So vertical power, I guess, is the most basic form of power expression. Everything you're doing in football requires power output. So again, I mean, it's not like you can always exactly get a specific motion of power that's going to be specific in football in terms of tackling or blocking. It's all expressions of power. So I think that you have to have expressions of power in a very, very general basic sense, and then you build off with that and get it a little bit more sports-specific. So a few things you want to pay attention to. We have a nice wide base. P wants an insurey pushes knees out when he squats and when he comes back up, he's going to pull full fill of air on the way down. He's going to release that breath of air when he's almost to the top. We have tempos as well. The first number is how long the eccentric is going to take us. The second number is how long the pause is going to be in the third. He's going to be how fast he's going to come up. So our first progression is we two one-exth eccentric. Two seconds in a way down, a one second pause, fast in the way up. Okay, piece of get onto that bar. So we're full full of air. So you're going to unlock his hips for him, locks his knees. The band tension itself will vary the load. It won't vary the resistance. It will vary the load on the bar. So if I have 135 pounds of my back, it's 135 pounds right now. And if I squat down and come up, it's still 135 pounds on that bar. I want to vary the load through band or chains or whatever. So if I have so much band tension when I stand up, it's not only 135 pounds in the bar. Now it could be 135 pounds plus over band tension I have. Reach back in the box. For the air, pause. Hit. Nice job. Now when I go down through the squat, the band tension is released and the bar becomes lighter at the bottom and heavier at the top. That variable load will allow for me to get the acceleratory component of the concentric power we were just discussing. That's really what it's all about is to try to make the bar heavier as I come up from a squatting position to a standing position. I want to make sure it has a nice pause on that box for I give him the hit command. The second progression is going to be one second the way down, one second pause, fasten the way up. Spread your feet. You're going to reach back or lock a hit for me like the knee. Pause. Hit. That's it. Nice job. Reach back. Hit. Nice job. Always remember you want lock a hit before you're going to lock the knee. The variable load speed box squat series will only do once a week. And a lot of times you want to do it once every 10 days. That is a very very taxing type of exercise. It's such a highly neural activation exercise that you're doing yourself with this service to be trying to execute those dynamic box squats for many reps that is set. The last one is going to be star one X. This is dive bombing. He's going to go down as fast as possible. Still pause on that box. Fasten the way up. Hit. Nice job. Nice and explosive. That was star one X. Fasten the way down, one second pause, fasten the way up. We don't ever go more than two reps per set. So don't give me wrong. We might put multiple sets in there. So we might be doing eight or ten or twelve or even fourteen sets of two reps with about a 45 to 60 second rest period. So you know, allow the nervous system regenerate a little bit. Not maybe fully recovered because you're keeping the rest period short. But allow that regeneration so you can execute the same power potential for the next set and try to build up that power and turn it over time. Just like running your arms will need your hips when you jump. So a great way to teach that is to jump up onto a box for two reasons. Number one, when you're trying to go for a maximum jump on a vertex, you might not land exactly properly. And you don't want to continue to slow those joints by landing on the ground. So if you jump up onto a box, you're going to soften the blow of the land. Now we've already taken care of the building blocks in terms of speed. We want to actually get the foot position, the arm action with regards to the vertical jump. So feet about hip with the part and you want your arms off to act as levers. So when you're dropping down as fast as you can, you want the arms to actually leave the legs. So you throw the arms back first. So it's going to clear the hip and you're going to drive the arms up forward and the hips are going to fall. So the faster you go down, the faster your hips move. The faster you recoil and punch your arms up, the faster your hips will move through, which will dictate the height of your jump. So we typically start this tip teaching of a vertical jump on a box such as this. If you get your feet set, toes pointing straight ahead. By hip with the part, arms up. This high as you can, it's going to be fully standing up. So no bend at all on the shoulders, the knees or the hips. With the down through the hip, drive the arms through. So again, if you notice, the barcus actually getting full hip extension, full knee extension, full door to planar flexion, all the way through, this hip's knees and ankles. And everything is being dictated on the speed of his arms. So drive back a little bit faster, drive it up. We like to put the box jumps almost on every lower body day. You're training a crash course for NFL combining. You might only have six right weeks to get right. That technique of jumping is just too valuable. And again, keep the reps really short. Maybe one to two to no more than three jumps per set. And the jumps could be in terms of the total sets, could be anywhere between three and ten sets. As long as you can execute a perfect jump, again, that means that you're not shuffling your feet or anything like that to the decent of the ascent week by week, you just try to make sure that you're not a micro-progressed little bit higher as you can control it. Dumbbell seated box jump and you can say from up general principle standpoint, it's very similar to a box jump. The only difference is now we're looking at a little bit more concentric power, pure concentric power because there's not a lot of eccentric loading components. So on a jump, I'm starting fully erected. I'm dropping down into my eccentric load and the stretch reflex is a huge component. Dumbbell seated box jump, going straight through flex you have is because you're lifting your feet off the ground and slamming it down into like a baseline problem at your action, getting that easy centered loading component into the concentric power. Same feet position, by hip width apart, same knee position straight ahead, you're going to hold the dumbbell up but not too high up that its maximum is how when he comes up. Lift the feet up slow, driving down fast and complete the box jump. And again, safely just step down, come back, reset the position. So it's still a little bit of a stretch reflex but not nearly as much so it works on concentric power from a little bit more of a standpoint. And I like to weight that type of jump. Again, my co-progress, the height of the jump but also my co-progress, the weight of your hand. Same drill. Deep hip width apart, toe straight, knee straight, dumbbell up, reset, recoil. By adding weight, you are definitely just making the power expression more challenging. It's just overloading that stimulus. And again, there's no real rhyme or reason behind this athlete has to start at this height with this weight. It's whatever you can safely execute a jump. The dumbbell seat of box jump we never go over two to three and we usually keep it like singles. To try to execute one perfect jump and then repeat it again on another set. If we're looking for something really to top it out all off, just make those massive gains at the end. I would say the dumbbell seat of box jump definitely achieves that. He's going to fall 12 inches off the box onto the ground and as he's falling, he's going to be driving his arms into that position. The concept is as soon as his feet make contact with the ground, he's already in the maximal jumping position with the arms back and the hands clearing the hips. And he want to try to limit the ground context with the feet of hip. You punch the arms forward the same jumping action as a box jump landing up onto the box. So start with your arms up. When you fall he's going to go through a powerful whip back then bound up onto the box. The depth jump just introduces a little bit of a baseline plow metric. The plow metric of getting more into like a bounding technique in trying to limit the ground context. It does a good job of just introducing basic plow metric actions into a jumping action. That's why I like it. It's definitely safe and not a lot of joint loading. As long as you have a competent, based strength of all of the muscles in the hips and the quads and handstrings and so on. So for a thick and be very effectively done. I'd say it's a very, very good transfer. Kind of like the dumbbell seated box jump to tie everything together and top it all off. And you really have a good opportunity for tying that arm with. And that arm with timing in terms of the arms leading legs under jump from a technique standpoint. It's very important and all types of jumps. The depth jump definitely needs to be only put at the later phases when you know that you built up a solid base foundation throughout the beginning of the program. So we only put the depth jumps and maybe the last one or two weeks before we start tapering down for our event. Four good hand braids is just a really, really good exercise to strengthen the knee flexors. It's very simple, it's very easy and you can actually perform it with no equipment. When you can just have a partner hold your ankle down. So if he's going to come inside here, he's going to lock his ankle. He's going to remain tall. He's going to have a slight anterior tilt for. But once that tilt there, he's not going to bend anymore. He's going to bring his hips with this hole up her body. He's going to slowly lower his upper body. Come down forward, almost try to tap and pull himself way back up. He's going to remain tall. If he needs the use of his hands, he's going to put his hands out. If he needs to, he's going to give him a light tap to the ground. He'll push himself all the way back. If you can really do a good job of eccentrically loading that exercise, it's good control and the pelvis. The one thing about strengthening the knee flexors is you want to watch excessive hip flexion. If you start on a leg curl machine or you're doing the glueed hammer as you have to start with a little bit of hip flexion as you saw me demonstrate. But you want to be able to maintain that slight hip flexion as you're going to do the extension, the flexion exercise. He keeps me as glue already engaged before he gets there. Lights out, push up. Your main stall is a small tilt. Forward lean, very small, very small. Reign his upper body with him. His ankle is locked. His glutes are engaged before he goes down. I think that type of control is very, very important. It's pretty easy to control that because you can almost use your self as resistance. It's a great way for people to kind of micro-progress themselves to the exercise. The knee flexion strength can be, obviously related to almost every athletic motion. But it's extremely important when we're talking about jumping ability. It terms of actually performing a vertical jump as is with the test with the vertex. I think it's overrated. I think that building all the base foundations and making more powerful is important. Then obviously you want a little bit of the technique of we stand underneath the vertex getting a feel for where you stand. Also getting a feel for, obviously reaching up at the top of your jump to be able to actually express your true power potential and not leaning back and not swatting at it. But those things are very easy to teach. We just do it at the very end-after we've built the base foundation. We love to use potentialiation, potentialiation in terms of power development. I think we like to potentially that power by doing very, very heavy, loaded, lower body exercise like a split squat, like a elevated back lunge. Immediately once we've got that neural activation go right into power potential exercises. So it's almost like a complex super set. We'll do a very, very heavy set and immediately file by one of those power exercises and then take our rest period and repeat. These exercises, we at Bombry Performance System recommend and increase your vertical jump. Check out the entire football training series on bodybuilding.com.