The show along with the NFL Combine is based on a couple of different concepts. Number one from the start is Lattle Coward. Take the into Lattle Speed and you have a full change in direction 180 degrees from Lattle Speed back in the linear speed. Then you have a pretty good acceleration through 10 yards and then you have a linear speed into a full change direction 180 degrees back in the linear speed and you have a finish. The start standing long jump is real simple. The main concept is the position. You have to get your hips as low as possible without sitting your center mass back too far that you can't get out of the stance. So that's to be a pretty good way to distribution between the front and the back of the foot and what your head position to be down with your neck muscles completely relaxed in order to not throw yourself back too soon but the truly use your legs and your hips which is the power muscles in order to get that Lattle power on the start. So the first drill we're going to work on, a size standing long jump, Brennan's going to straddle that line. You're going to make sure he's right in the middle of that line. And then he's going to be down to the side. He's opening up too. Very lightweight as you can see. His butt's down a little bit. Shows rough slightly. His arms off his knees. Nice and relaxed. He's going to explode all simultaneously to the right. Ready? Hick! Nice job. See we cover his a lot of ground. His hand lifted and his feet move at the same time. Nice job, Brennan. I'm not a big proponent of lifting the heels off the ground. I think the feet should be flat in order to get a true jump. The other thing is this got to be a two foot jump. This is where most people fail. It's your more powerful off two feet than one foot. A lot of people air in picking the foot up and trying to turn it as opposed to getting a weight shift from the left foot more over the right foot and using that right foot to propel yourself off two feet later. That's really how you maximize your power potential. So you want to keep the reps short and increase more sets. You might want to do, but say two to three jumps, the right two to three jumps, the left, do some pro-shuddles. Then come back and do it again. That way you really maximize your power because you don't want to defeat the nervous system. What to do it one more time, ready? Hit! That's it. Give a quick demonstration here. You're going to start if he's moving to his right. He's going to have his left arm up here. He's going to relax that athletic position. He's going to quick step behind. Then he's going to pull that knee over. When he pulls that knee over, he's going to fire his arms back up. You're going to be sure that he actually crosses over with his knees. He's going to come straight up and straight down and fire it. He's going to carry Oklahoma back again. He's going to move over here. All right, the left arm's up. He's going to relax that athletic position. He's going to quick step behind. Drive his knee up and down. Fire his arms. Whip his arms quickly. Ready? Go. Whip. That's it. Whip. That's it. Come back. Nice job. Notice that he ran a quickly moves his feet. He's going to carry Oklahoma behind. Then the quick step. He whips his hands. Then fires it back quickly. He's going to stomp his index finger together. He's going to use a lot of nice and easy. Carry Oklahoma. Then the quick step. The knee comes up. Drive with the arms. Drive it back down. Caraca quick step is trying to simulate after you come out of that lateral power motion that you're not actually going to be jumping into the run. You're going to be accelerating at high speed similar to the start of the side standing long jump. And then you actually have to start your lateral run. If you run laterally, which means you're running to the side and you're not necessarily looking what you're going. You have the tendency to turn the feet. You don't necessarily want to turn the feet because it's going to be harder to come out of your change in direction. And it's really only a five yard radius you have to run. So the Caraca quick step is a great drill just to get the comfort level of accelerating off the edges of the feet. The other thing is the arms. Basic, track and field from foul mechanics is the arms will lead the legs. So there's a component of motion that the faster more fish than the arms are, the faster more fish than the legs you're going to be. So if you notice the Caraca quick step, we're really, really over emphasizing the arm action of clearing the hip on the backside and then resetting up the hand punch forward. The benefits of perfecting this exercise will make that first five yards lateral run quicker and more fish. But at the same time, the Caraca quick step is because that arm action and because of the comfort level of the edges, we'll make you more fish in any change in direction and football or specifically in the shuttle. The Caraca quick step even though it looks like a pretty simplistic drill is very taxing on the nervous system. We're going to do to the right side, we want to keep the reps about six to eight perfects. Not do character quick stuff or say 50 yards. You want to keep it very, very short and very, very perfect and very explosive. And then take a rest period and repeat again and take a rest period and be again. Go back to some coach, all right. The left arm move to the right once again. His left arm is up. He's in a relaxed athletic position small bend in the legs. Ready? Go! Hand whip. That's it. Fire it back. That's it. Fire it back. That's it. The basic form and technique of the line-bounding series is you want to try to maximize the lateral distance. So if you have a line that you're founding across, you're going to say you want to focus more on forward distance, you want to focus on lateral distance. Latter-o-moving. Cover distance on that four step. Stack the feet. Tap the outside edge and then split his hands. Fire it's being quick step karaoke if taken through. Ready? One, two, three, four stack the feet touch. Drag your hands. That's it. Nice job. You really want to whip those hands. Take it into the acceleration phase. I'd say on average we try to dictate that you should be able to minimize your ground contact maximize your height time and try to get about a yard across the line. So about a two yard distance on each bound. And once you complete your third bound and you're jumping in your fourth bound, which is where you're going to try to accelerate out of. You want to hit that edge down and then drop in your squat very very fast. Now the eccentric loading component of the hips will definitely dictate how much power pretends you have, which dictates how quickly you come out of those change directions. And obviously the final component is arm action. As soon as your finger tips touch that blade of grass, you want a powerful do a double arm pump. Just like character quick step. And again, it's not always just about strength and deceleration components. A lot of times just a comfort level with the edges of the feet. So when you go into any full change of direction, you're going to have a two step stop. The inside leg is going to have to deselect off the outside edge. So you got to get that comfort level and you got to get those deceleration components. So the components of deceleration is going to be maximized through the bound. Obviously, you also have to simulate that stop because the rules of the pro shuttle dictate that you have to touch one hand down not the other one. So if you can get the athlete to touch the hand back down by the heel, like Mark was demonstrating with Brennan today, then you're going to just naturally keep the other hand off the ground, which is going to fall into the rules of the actual drill. The same time is that's actually going to get you into a position where you're able to re-accelerate very, very quickly. Latter emotion, touch on the four steps, split his arms. One, two, three, four, touch. Split his arms drive. Nice job. Way to go, Brennan. All three of these drills will basically take care of every aspect of athleticism within the pro shuttle. The interesting thing though is, is general athleticism is needed for anything in football. I think a lot of our NFL veterans are very, very surprised how much a line-bounding drill and serious and the care of quixthep is just filtered within their natural training. And as we're doing like simulation training, it's specific to the training of football players, we definitely complex those drills as well. So it builds overall, athleticism for anything, but specifically we'll focus on the pro shuttle itself. I look at these as a great transfer of weight-room strength into pure athleticism across the board. Any athlete, any sport, any position. These exercises we do at Bomberger Performance Systems will help your shuttle run performance. To check out the entire drill series for the shuttle run, check out the page below. And the entire football training series of Bomberger Performance Systems is available on Bodybuilding.com.