Hi, I'm Nicole Monier Guerrero and I'm proud and honored to be a part of the first ever team bodybuilding.com athlete. I'm also an IFBD bikini pro and believe it or not, I'm 38 years y'all. I'm going to share with you today a little bit of my training program, nutrition and supplementation. So you can see what it takes to be like me. I actually have an active and dancing VH4. I was on POMS and High School in college and then I am a former NBA cheerleader I cheered for the bulls during the Jordan years. I basically did want to grow up. I wanted to continue my passion for being on stage and being active and dancing. So I started competing almost 10 years ago and so that's actually kind of what led me into modeling. People don't understand the power of steel and I started out, I've danced my whole life part of it, you see my thing and as I've got an older I changed smarter. I'm a lot more efficient, I don't do a lot of cardio. I've also learned to eat right, I eat right for life and it's taking me time. I didn't learn it overnight, it's taking me years and so steel is my deal. I love him the way and that's actually what has called my body and there's so many miss out there a lot of people men and women think they're going to get big and bulky. My male clients have been all in time, always pushing them to get towards that way training and also the nutrition to get the whole package. My approach to training is I make way training fun by throwing in body weight. It's harder and again it gives me great results because it's fun. You got those sexy exercises as we call them. They look difficult, they look you know really cool, plyos, drills, jumps, it's fun and I love it but it's also very hard on my body. And everybody should be doing it unless they're under the guidance of a trainer or somebody like that. Way training I do probably like five to six times a week. I hit every major muscle group. A lot of times I'll do upper body twice a week just because I'm a dancer. My bottom half I've had from all leg work I've done. I will do legs but again I love to do plials for legs, body weight has really shaped my lower half. My upper half when I started competing I didn't have these shoulders in arms so it's worked for me is twice a week with shoulders and arms doing a lot of body weight even a lot of plyometrics with my upper body has his health. Blending it up mixing it up you know I'll do three sets four sets five sets heavy weight. Sometimes time under tension when you're always changing things up you're confusing the body. My rep range typically if I'm doing heavier weights six, eight reps lighter weight 10, 12. I mean sometimes I will do 15. I'd love to do drop sets giant sets to get like a real good you know pumping burn especially in my arms and my shoulders cardio twice a week you do have to work the heart I tell people that it's important to do cardio actually the cardio I do is in the classes I teach I teach about two cardio classes a week it's cardio kick boxing every now and then I'll do some interval training and even some stuff from when I started as a fitness competitor but again a lot of people think they need to do all this cardio and initially some people do rest I tell everybody they have to rest I usually take two days some days I take more but again that's my body I know what works best and rest is actually going to help you grow and make those changes and you're going to come back stronger I don't believe in doing drastic things to the body you know I'm going to point where it's all about maintenance and you become your own scientist I know my body I know what works for me and it's the same thing with my clients I work with them until we find out you know where we can get them at a maintenance program and keep them there the key is finding out what works for you nutrition is a huge part of my life I take my food with me almost anywhere I'm eating clean pretty much 98% of the time it started out yes competing and having to have a certain look but as I've gotten older it's more about healing the body and feeling well and people don't realize that food also has the power to heal I was super about 20 years and had a plethora of conditions and food and supplementation has really helped me heal in so many ways okay so typically my meal breakdown for the day approaching it every meal you know there's so many people out there that don't have protein and when I look at their meal plans that that's a huge thing you need to have protein in every meal carbohydrates I usually have like I've like served in the morning we need more veggies in general so I try to eat a lot of veggies like don't do a lot of fruit that's a work for me for me as more of a cheat not to say it's a bad thing I eat typically five times a day sometimes six do a lot of salads with you know different sprouts and ingredients and stuff like that mixing it up between eggs chicken turkey, lean beef, fish I'm not good at cooking fish so usually by a fish it's went about you know there's a few things that I tighten up typically pulling out some of the fats I definitely need those complex carbs so for me pulling out the fat is what works best I treat just a little there's a couple things I take out even the things I take out are very healthy not butters, almonds, stuff like that there's just a couple things that that I take out to get a little bit tighter I'm usually three to five pounds away from being photoshoot right here contest ready I do believe in cheat meals I mean that's this life and I do you know I do enjoy food and moderation but again I know that when I am going to eat that way I'm going to feel at the next day if I eat too much I'm going to feel rocky and sluggish I'm pretty particular about where I am you know eating out and stuff like that you know when I'm out in public or with friends or family they look at me cross I because I'm eating clean and you know they think it's more like about vanity and I'm like you know you don't know my health you know what I went through in the past I've seen the light at works it's hard anything in life pretty much as hard but it works for me and I feel great supplements are very important supplements to have helped me reach my goal as far as feeling good and then also looking good they help me you know get dialed in for stuff it's top with my overall health and well being which is important you want to have good energy you want to feel good you always mix up your workout you got to mix up your supplements you don't want to take the same thing all the times but I also make sure I'm taking top quality brands mixing it up have supplements that everybody should take are probiotics calcium magnesium vitamin D complex and then a fish oil probiotics everybody needs to be on a probiotic the power of probiotic is amazing it's actually really helped with all the conditions I've had people don't understand that you have more in your God and that's 75% of your immune system and that that's that's better than a multi-vide of an environment vitamin C calcium magnesium and vitamin D complex very important I have a lot of people who complain to me about cramping and stuff like that and even ask you a process look people don't get enough oils are very important for your brain for your mood for your skin for your blood like everything people don't understand the importance of having your own make it through six nines there is no one super pill and there is no one super food it's there is no one super exercise but you got to build a build a package build a program find out what works for you I just want to give people hope there is no age to this sport and that eating rights and exercising for pretty much over 34 years of my life has been my anti-aging serum anything is possible and there are so many women now in this sport that are getting into it at 40 and 50 and even senior citizens and so just letting people know that you can do it just believe in yourself I'm Nicole and today we talked about my workout nutrition and supplementation program which you can check out on the page below to ask me more questions visit me on body space at the full on your hero and come more content like this be sure to check out the rest of bodybuilding.com