When it comes to nutrition, I rely heavily on the research that's been published in journals and then by scientists over the world, but just because something's been discovered in the lab does not mean that it's necessary to carry over into the real world. So I tested on myself and thousands of people who follow my advice. So with all that data, I'm able to sort of bring it all together into the best nutrition advice that's out there. With the nutrition program for Shorke to Shredd, it's all based on mechronutrients getting a protein to complement the recovery from the training helps you to build more strength and muscle that's going to keep you also burning more body fat. When the Shorke got to Shredd program, the macronutrients are ranked protein first, fat is actually second and then carbs come in third place. Protein is the most critical macronutrient on the Shorke to Shredd program for the simple fact that muscle is made out of protein. So to build more muscle, you need more protein. Protein is also critical for energy. The amino acids that protein is broken down into are actually used by the muscles as an energy source. Plus, research shows that higher protein diets that are lower in carbohydrate actually work very well for fat loss, especially when we're trying to maintain your build. The muscle. There's a simple fact that it's very difficult for the body to take protein and then convert it into body fat. It's not impossible, but out of the three micronutrients, your body has to work much harder to take protein and convert that into body fat. That's going to either go to build muscle or be used as energy, especially when you're eating fewer calories. So focusing on protein is a home run as far as dropping body fat and building muscle in the Shredd. The protein sources that you want to focus on during the Shorke to Shredd program are your lean cuts of meat like top, sirloin, flank steak, those are very lean sources of beef. You can even get ground beef, that's 97%. Lean, anything in 95% of the body lean is great. Obviously chicken breasts, but even chicken thighs, people think all the dark meat, that's so fatty. It does have a bit more fat than a chicken breast, the white meat, but it's not going to ruin your program. It's a small amount of extra fat, the same thing with turkey or any poultry. Fish is always a great source and we have both lean fish, like halibut, soul and then we have fatty fish, like salmon, obviously eggs, eggs are a very high quality protein source. And then we've also have dairy. Dairy is a very critical protein source on the Shorke at the Shredd program and any of my diet because the simple fact that dairy has been shown to be critical for building muscle and it's because it's composed of the two main proteins, weigh, in case in which complement each other nicely for promoting muscle growth. So how much protein do you need to consume while your following Shorke is the Shredd? Research shows that anyone who is training intensely need at least one gram of protein was put on at least. There is research showing that going as high as one in a half grams of protein, proponent body weight, was very effective for promoting muscle growth and strengthens. And that's basically what you're going to be eating when you're following the Shorke at the Shredd program. Now that's not just what's been shown to work in research studies, that's actually what I've found with thousands and thousands of people eating these higher protein diets while following my programs. Getting in one and a half grams of protein to the pound of body weight is critical not only for growing muscle, building strength, but also helping to shed body fat while you're on the Shorke at the Shredd program. So that's our rank as the second most critical macronutrient in the Shorke at the Shredd program for several reasons. Now a lot of people are kind of surprised at the fact that you're eating so much fat, but fat is not the end. Just because you're eating fat doesn't mean you're going to get fat. In the fats that we're going to be focusing on are the very critical omega-3 fats. These actually have been shown to enhance that loss. So omega-3 fats actually work in the body to turn on genes that increase fat burning and they turn off genes that decrease fat storage. And they also produce very beneficial pros to glandens that help to decrease inflammation which provides most of the health benefits. Plus omega-3 fats have now been found to actually aid muscle recovery and muscle growth. So we're going to use the most of the critical fat. Saturated fats are actually not a fat you need to avoid. Especially for males, saturated fats have been found to enhance testosterone levels. And this is going to be critical when you're training as hard as you're going to be training and trick it to Shredd. You want to maintain those testosterone levels. That's going to help you build muscle and strength. Train harder and actually lose more fat. So even saturated fat is not the end. Mono-insaturated fats are another health effect. And rib-saturated fats they've been found to promote higher testosterone levels. The omega-3 fats in mono-insaturated fats have been shown to be preferentially used as an energy source, especially during exercise. But also when you're just sitting around, you're mainly burning fat as your main fuel source. The only bad fat is trans fats. Those are the ones you want to avoid. These have been altered in the lab so it provides better shelf life. This sort of tweaks the molecule the fat and the body really doesn't recognize. What it is, it doesn't really know what to do and how to process it. So it gets into your cells and causes have that's why it's been found increase in risk of heart disease and certain cancers. So there's one fat you want to avoid is trans fats. The problem with fats are the fact that they are chlorically dense. When you look at protein and carbohydrates, a gram of protein or a gram of carbs spreads out four calories. Now when you look at a gram of fat, it's more than double that. It's around 8 to 9 depending on the fat and even up to 10 calories per gram of fat. And people think oh well that's going to push me over my calorie limit and it can. You do need to be cautious of how much fat you're taking in. But as long as you're hitting that 0.5 grams that I have in the diet, your calories will stay in check. And you'll be in that fat burning zone. Calories are an important factor, especially when trying to lose body fat. The calories really aren't the only factor here. Macronutrients are actually more critical. And as long as you have your macronutrients broken down properly, then the calories will fall in the place. Good fats are as the focus on while falling short at the shred program are nuts, which you can throw at the monocytrated fats. Olive oil, peanut butter is a great one. When you're dining, nothing's better than peanut butter. Another great source of mono is saturated fats. When we talk about the essential omega-3 fats, you're going to be focusing on fatty fish. That's one of the best sources. Sam is a great source also some fatty or cuts of tuna. If you're going to get canned tuna, actually get the white albacore instead of the chunk light. It has more of the omega-3 fats. Even sardines are a great source of omega-3 fats. And then egg yolks are a great source. I actually recommend gaining at least three egg yolks per day. And that's based on research showing that when subjects followed away training programs, those who were getting three yolks actually gained almost twice as much muscle mass and strength. As those not eating the yolks, and they believe that's due to the fat as well as the cholesterol content. Cluster oil is actually important. You do need some cholesterol to maintain the integrity of the membranes of cell such as muscle cells. So make sure you eat enough fat on this diet, especially as your carbs dropped throughout the face. Cards provide very little benefit other than an energy source. And if you can realize that out of the three macronutrients, carbohydrates are the only ones that are not essential by the body. Protein? There are essential amino acids. Those are amino acids your body can't build that has to get the amino diet. Fats? There's essential fats. You'll make a three fats. You'll make a six fats. These are essential. I mean your body cannot produce them and has to get it from your diet. There's no essential carbohydrate. None. You know why? Because the body can produce enough carbohydrates mainly in the liver from the protein and the fat that you consume. Doesn't mean the carbohydrates are a demon or anything. But when you're trying to lose body fat while building muscle and strength, you want to make sure that you're getting adequate amounts of protein in fat. The two main type of carbohydrates are your high glycemic or fast-adjusting carbohydrates. And then your low glycemic or slow digestive carbohydrates. And the reason that they're called high glycemic or low glycemic is the way that the body responds to them when you consume them. High glycemic carbs, like I said, sugars, white potatoes. When you eat them, your body processes them very rapidly. So they basically get broken down in the body and then absorbed by your intestines and get right into your bloodstream. And that raises your blood sugar levels, your blood glucose levels. They shoot up in the spikes in the levels. So those are your high glycemic carbs. That's not a great thing. It is at certain times that get to workouts which we'll talk about later. Then you have your low glycemic or slower digestive carbohydrates. And those are low glycemic because when you eat them, they don't get rapidly digested in the absorb. They take longer, it's a slower process. And that way your blood glucose levels are blood sugar levels stay steady or so-do your insulin levels. So good examples of low glycemic or slow digestion carbs are most fruits, whole grains. And we're talking about oatmeal here, whole wheat bread, whole wheat pasta. Other good examples are sweet potatoes and it comes to potatoes. A sweet potatoes tend to be on the more slower side or lower glycemic side. Whereas your white potatoes are actually on the higher glycemic side of the corn. During the workout, you're mainly burning carbohydrates as your main fuel source. And this comes from mainly the muscles. You store your carbohydrates in your muscles in the form of glycogen. As the workout proceeds, those muscles that you're using burn up more and more. And that glycogen, which is your stored from your carbohydrate. After you work out, you want to replenish that glycogen so that you have energy for the next workout. And research shows that the best way to make sure you are restoring this muscle glycogen levels is to get high glycemic or fast digestive carbs. So that's why I recommend getting things like gummy bears or pwanka pixie sticks. Now, when we talk about sugars, you have the main type of sugars like table sugar, which is sucrose, called the dye saccharide. It's two different sugar molecules. Blue goes and fruit dose. A lot of those two fruit doses actually are slower by justing carbohydrates because it has to go to the liver and then the liver has to convert it into glucose. That's what your blood sugar is. That's what your body is going to use to store as glycogen. So the reason I recommend gummy bears and pixie sticks are they pretty much have either no fruit dose or very little fruit dose. They're mainly a source of pure glucose. It's almost like injecting glucose into your bloodstream. You digest them. They literally get absorbed by the intestines. Go right into your bloodstream and then get delivered right to your muscle. And that helps you to replenish that muscle glycogen immediately. And that's what's been shown to enhance glycogen levels, which is going to give you more energy for that next workout. Plus, they spike insulin. Remember what I said about insulin is that insulin is an anabolic hormone. It gets to the muscle. And it triggers a process of protein synthesis. And that's just the chemical steps that lead to building muscle protein, which leads to building muscle growth. Plus insulin is going to help all that glucose from those carbs and drive them right into the muscle. You're also going to be getting protein shake right after you workout. You want to make sure those amino acids get into the muscle. Insulin also helps drive those amino acids into the muscle. And this is all going to help with better repair, better recovery, and better muscle growth. On the shortcut to short program, the diet goes through three different phases. You'll be changing your carbohydrate intake based on the phase of the diet. Phase one last a week long. You'll be eating about 1.5 grams of carbohydrates per pound of body weight. Phase two, less two weeks. You'll be dropping carbs down to 1 gram per pound of body weight. In the final phase phase three, which will be the final three weeks of the program, you'll be dropping carbs down to just 0.5 grams of carbs per pound of body weight. Or about half of your body weight. Through all three phases, you're protein and fat stays the same. By your carbohydrate's drop, each phase, you're just who drops your calories. In phase is one in two, you're caloric intake, and even you're your carbohydrate intake. And protein intake to some degree are going to be different on those training days first that one. You'll be able to get one rest day because on workout days, you also have that pre and post workout. Meals that you're adding to the diet. That's going to give you the extra carbs primarily in the fast digesting carbs that you want. Post workout is also going to give you a little bit of extra protein on those days. Now, in phase three on the other hands, on your rest day, you're actually going to be getting even more calories than on your workout days. And a lot of people think, well, that doesn't make very much sense. And it does because when you're dropping your carbohydrates in that third phase, all the way down to just 0.5 grams of carbs per pound of body weight, that's very little carbohydrate. Now, what can happen when you're eating so few carbohydrates and calories is that let the levels can drop when you're getting in so little carbohydrates and calories. Now, left in is a critical hormone for maintaining your metabolic rate. So, if left in levels drop to low, your metabolic rate can come down. What we found is that by giving your body this high carb day, it can sort of reset your left in levels, and that keeps your metabolism burning. It also makes the light easier to get through the diet when you've got that day, and that just helps with your sanity on this program. So, remember food is just one part of the shortcut to shred nutrition plants. And it's also played a critical role. So, be sure to check out the sub-location video as well as the training overview video and the workout examples. And for a full breakdown of the nutrition program, be sure to check out the page below.