So today is your first rest day, it's the Wednesday of week one and you should be feeling really sore from the workout. But that's totally normal. This weight training program will be a shock to your body. Today I'm going to speak to you about nutrition and how to shop and what you should be shopping for and how to prepare those foods. I'm very strict with my diet to make sure that I get the best results possible at the end of this transformation. So you should be eating exactly what I eat. Today we're going to go to the supermarket to come along with me so you can see exactly what foods that you should be eating and foods you need to stay away from. Eating healthy does take a commitment and although it may not necessarily be cheap to buy healthy it can be affordable and it's definitely well worth it in the long run. Okay we're here at the sweet potatoes. We've also got the yams here that you can have on its transformation or in the UK it call them suites. It's good to mix up your carbohydrate sources like the main source for me comes from brown rice but I also like to mix it up with some sweet potatoes and some oatmeal as well. It stays very basic with a carbohydrate source. This is a slightly slow digesting carb along with the brown rice and oats. Okay another form of carbohydrates that I recommend on its program is brown rice. So a lot of people are carbohydrates when doing a program such as this I'm a carb freak. I like to have my carbs. Keep some metabolism fire and provide that you get in a right carb a high jr. You're going to get the results that you want and provide in that your stick it's a nutrition training program and frequency of those meals. So we like to go for the short grain. I've been told by my life that they are a lot more moist than a long grain brown rice. One of the tips that I like to pass on to clients is to eat before you actually come to the supermarket so you'll prevent less amount of cravings in your less likely to pick up foods that you shouldn't eat in. It's just because you're on this transformation doesn't mean you need to exclude other people like friends or family that are on this transformation when you're going shopping. So my wife just poured some almond butter here which is fine she needs a healthy fats but when you're doing this transformation you don't need those healthy fats so much. You need to be burning off the fats that you're storing not the fats that you're ingested. Okay the next carb hydrochop for us is the quick oats. So we get a big bag like this for convenience because we'll go through one of these in a month between having this for breakfast with the egg whites and using it as a meal of placement with protein powder it's very easy to go through the the oats and I never cut this out at all junior entire 12 weeks and the next thing on my shopping list is steak. So the macronutrients that we're really focusing on on this transformation are your protein and your carbohydrate sources. So obviously not going too much for the fat we need to keep meat sources very lean. So for that reason I like to go for the eye of round steak which is a very lean source so we can just throw that on the grill or on the barbecue another one that I like to get is the eye of round roast so I've actually got a meat grinder at home this is great to put through the grinder and have it like ground beef and one more but I get is a tender loin. Now it looks a little bit fatty on your head so that's okay you can trim that off but throughout the rest of it is very soft very moist and very lean. Another lean protein source that I like to include in this program is fish so I like to go to for to laugh you personally it's very tasteless I don't like anything it's too fishy and it's cheap. Don't go too much for like the daily meat or anything like that or anything that's going to be this is going to have a lot of preservatives so I know that lean forms of steak and fish and stuff like that I know exactly what I'm going to get into my body because it's listed on the ingredients list on the back. Next protein form that we're taking or eggs so we separate the egg whites from the yolks because the yolks is what contains all the fat and cholesterol between myself and my wife we go through 24 egg whites just a breakfast hence we're getting them in bulk like this sometimes we do water and from bodybuilder farm and just get the egg white formula for convenience other times when we're at the supermarket we'll just grab them like this. So the last stop for protein I like to grab the poultry so here I'm just picking up the turkey breasts is very lean always go for the breast as opposed to the leg or the wing you know you're going to get a lean a cut of the bird so I've got loads of chicken at home so no need to get any more chicken just turkey and that's it. So another five risk carb that I like to utilize within my diet especially as I'm cutting out the carbohydrates in the latter meals I like to replace it with a five risk carbohydrates to replace the complex carbs like in your brown rice or in your potatoes. So it's very important to have fiber within your diet so make sure that you're regular to keep me metabolism firing as well. I don't eat a huge amount of vegetables but that's okay you can eat as many vegetables as you want. A lot of it is water so you're probably burn off as many calories digest in it as the amount that's in it. I personally just like to have it in a last couple when I cut out my complex carbohydrates. Although coffee isn't an essential part of this transformation it's essential to my transformation because I really feel like I need this in the morning and before my workout it's just to give me that extra boost of energy as a stimulant especially in the morning when I really don't want to do my cardio and in the afternoon when I'm having that the mid-afternoon kind of crash. So the coffee really gives me a stimulant to get a more intense workout so that's why I have my coffee black and just with a natural sweetener. So we're here at the sweetener slash sugar section. Obviously you can't have sugar while you're on a program so what I like to use is it's like a stevia extract. It's from the stevia leaf so you're not going to have anything that's like any additive or any additional calories. This is calorie free. This is great to have any black coffee because you can't have milk on this program, not every supermarket sells it so you can actually get this on bodybuilding.com as well. So on this transformation fact is a big no-no especially saturated fat. So here you've got your core oil, your olive oil. You shouldn't be frying your foods anyway on this transformation. So what I like to use if I'm going to use a fat is just a spray so it gives me a very thin laddron. I'll put that like on my barbecue grill so my food doesn't stick to it. So if you're going to use a fat use something along the lines of a spray. An essential tool on this 12-week transformation are your top-of-work containers. So I eat nearly every single one of my meals out of these top-of-work containers and as my training partner you should be too. So I like to get the larger containers just to store my chicken and my tilapia and my rice in just to keep them a fridge and I get the smaller containers just to put in my cool bag to take to work to eat my single meals out of. So water is a huge part of your transformation performance during these 12 weeks. The body is made up around 70% fluid. I'll drink about a gallon which is about this amount during a day and I'll add my BCAA extend formula within here as well so if I've got a grape or an orange flavor the chances are I'm going to drink more of it. So yes the upfront cost of stocking up on healthy foods were grocery shopping may seem like a lot at the checkout station but actually you'll most likely be saving money on a weekly basis. So now that you've bought all the foods that you need let me give you some tips on preparing those foods. So I always like to make my foods in bulk so I'll cook a couple of days worth of chicken breasts and fish and stuff like that so I just have to get it out of the fridge and just cut it up per meal. But I'll always make sure that I prepare my meals for the following day the previous even so when I wake up I've got no distractions I can just get my meals put them in my cool bag and off I go to work. And I also make sure that I grill or boil all my foods as well. I don't like to fry them too much I need to drain out all the fat that's actually in the meat sources. So I always use a griller like a form in grill or a barbecue grill and measure all my meals with a scale just to make sure that I get accurate portions. But what you can also do is measure your food portions up against a size of your fist. Just to make sure that these fruits aren't getting too bland and too boring I also like to add various things to it like some ginger, cayenne pepper, some spices, garlic and things like that. I even add salt on it just to make sure that my body is holding enough fluid so I can push a little bit more weight in the gym. The only time I'll cut the salt out is like a couple of days before my afterfroids. So don't worry about the salt at this stage as well. Remember you've got to make sure this diet is part of your life whether it's at work where the atrublim at social gatherings at school. You've got to stick on this plan. So you'll notice throughout this transformation I travel quite a bit but I never wave it off my nutrition plan ever and neither should you. So tomorrow's going to be a training day we've got back and by-seps but today I'm going to be doing cardio but done at this morning I'm doing it again this evening. Are you whining already? Come back to mode and I'll get you thinking differently.