So the clutch body shop nutrition and supplementation, methodology, really revolves around fueling your body with foods that are easily digestible and have a high thermogenic effect on the body and what that means is foods that your body can receive in, your body can process them very quickly and it can boost your metabolism. So the way that I set up every single nutrition program is I give you the serving size that you need to be having and then you get to choose what you want to eat. It's very, very, very simple. That makes it so that whether you're cooking at home or whether you're eating in a restaurant or ordering room service, you can find something that fits within this program. So one of the biggest mistakes that I see people make especially females is that they decide that in order to lose weight or in order to get the body I want, I'm going to really deplete and to pride myself of calories. And eventually what ends up happening is the body gets upset. And that is really, really due to the fact that they've gone through a long period of dieting and they've never replenished what they've kind of burned through. And so one of the things that I've recommended my entire career and especially as a part of this program is that you do have one cheat day per week that's a very, very high, horrible hydrate meal. By doing this, it affects your left and left levels and left in is a hormone that is released that tells the brain I'm full. Well, when you basically diet for long periods of time, there's interference. It doesn't work properly. And so that's another reason why I recommend this high calorie, high carb cheat meal every week because I want to make sure that we're keeping those levels up. With the clutch life 24, 7 fitness trainer nutrition program, we've made it so easy for you to basically choose the exact goal that you want. So there's two goals, shred and build. With the shred nutrition program, obviously it's going to shred body fat, but you're also going to see an improvement in lean muscle definition. With the build program, you're going to obviously build lean muscle and you will see a slight reduction in body fat, but the goal is really to pack on size. And so with the shred program, you're doing four meals per day, plus a postwork out shake and a postwork out meal. So on the build nutrition program, you're doing five core meals a day, plus a postwork out shake, a postwork out meal. And then there is also one additional shake that you can take at bedtime. So with the clutch life 24, 7 fitness trainer, the nutrition program and the supplementation program are closely tied. But let's kind of go through how that breaks down throughout the day. Your first meal the day is going to be pancakes or waffles using the clutch baking mix. Then before you work out, you're going to be taking the clutch fat burner and the clutch workout powder. And because these workouts are intense, I want to make sure your body has exactly what it needs to push through the workout. Some burn as many calories as possible. And really have as much strength as possible. Because as we know, the harder you push the better results, you're going to get. And then as we've already covered, after you work out, you're going to dive right it and have your postwork out shake using the clutch protein powder. So on this program, there are a ton of foods for you to choose from. On the lean protein, you can choose from all different sorts of fish, organic chicken, organic eggs, your protein powders. Even your clutch baking mix can be used as an alternative vegan protein shake. With your carbohydrates, make sure that you load your fridge up with things like sweet potato, rice, quinoa. On the carbohydrate side, we really stick very, very closely to things that you literally could go out into the field and pick it. Or not going after things that are highly processed or that come out of a box that have kind of been made by a manufacturer into a carbohydrate source. So, and the reason for that is I want the fiber to stay intact with the carbohydrate. On the side of fats, you can go through tons of raw nuts, coconut oil, all of oil, pumpkin seed oil, avocado. And then finally with your seasoning, you don't have to necessarily stay away from salt, but you definitely don't want to go overboard because it's going to make you bloated and nobody wants that. But there are a ton of different seasonings that we've also listed that can spice your food up and make things taste delicious without adding a bunch of high calorie sauces and such. And then on the hydration side, definitely want to make sure that you're taking it at least 100 ounces of water a day. You can knock yourself out with as much herbal teas you want, but please again, I really want you to keep your caffeine in take kind of wrangle-dinned. So, please limit yourself to two cups of coffee or green tea per day. Maybe three, but that's really, really pushing it. So by now you've watched the clutch life intro video, the program overview video, and the nutrition video. Next up is to go the training day one video. If you haven't watched all these videos yet, make sure that you go back and watch them before checking out the day one of the training video. Again, every single thing that you need for your nutrition program and your supplement plan is broken down on the page below right here on bodybuilding.com.