I was a gymnast for 13 years. I've always been competitive. I've always been trying to push myself. I started doing my first competition my first career in college. So I knew I wanted to do something but competitive and that was a great outlet for me. Started doing fitness first and it allowed me to utilize my gymnastics background into the routines and then when figure came about which was right around the time that I started I crossed over and was ended up being more successful in the figure division which is why I still did today. All right so this is the first exercise the shoulder workout we're going to start with military press with the barbell. For the warm-up sets I tend to go a little bit faster just want to get the blood flow to that area that I'm working. I usually go down to my chin I don't really go whole lot lower than that and I keep my hands so that my middle fingers would at this line right here in the bar. Presses are one of the compound shoulder exercises and then it requires the most energy so I do that right in the beginning when I'm the most when I'm freshest to carry start of the workout. All right so first working set. I'm going to stick with about 10 to 12. I generally keep my repetitions no less than 10. My repetitions may go off to 20 to steep ends on the exercise I'm doing. I challenge myself so I do lift as heavy as I can so less be repetitions I'm really struggling. Second set I'm going to add another 10 and eight sides so bar is 45 and we've got 40 so we're going to 85 second set. Okay so I only did eight so I'm going to do a drop set so what I'm going to do is take off the turn on each side and do as many as I can. Usually if you have a partner they can help speed this drop set up a little bit so you don't have a whole lot of time in between to recover. What's today? I'm on my own. I think if I did the same thing every single week when I went into the gym I would be so bored it wouldn't really motivate me to get to the gym. We're planning on how I feel I may add in a drop set or a superset or so I may do five sets instead of three or it's constantly just changing it up. All right so my shoulders are on fire now. We really did two sets so I'm going to do one more set. This is the last set I'm going to go up another five and each side probably only get about four and that's all right so I'm going to do another drop so I'll probably just take off both 25s and just wrap out the bar. I'm the larger muscle groups shoulders, back legs I have training partner. I have few girlfriends that I train with it back in Michigan. I think it's important to have a spider if necessary when you're lifting heavy you're just to make sure that you don't injure yourself. I usually train with girls but I wouldn't be opposed to training with guys. It's going to feel heavy. All right for sexercise in. After a compound exercise I like to hit each area of the shoulder individually so the meal del creates that rounded shoulder when you're doing your front pose and figure and I like to do the lateral raise on the cable because there's resistance on the way up and the way down so content tension on that area. Shoulder's definitely always been my favorite to train and I think throughout the years they have gotten better and better. This year probably have made the most improvements on my shoulders and so I would say that they're probably one of my best body parts now. And what you do on one side must be really up. So my left arm tends to be a little bit weaker than my right and then go up a more than exact. Probably won't get 15 or probably get more to 10 to 12 but when I do these I go a little bit slower and it's really important to get that elbow up. You don't want your hand to be like this. I don't lift heavy to the point where my form is sacrifice so I think if you're trying to lift too heavy and exercises where you're holding the weight out far from your body that's a great way to get injured. So you can have to go a little bit lighter when you do lateral raises or front raises where the weight is further away from your body. It's a good song. It's gonna be a good set. Well I just got the new Rihanna CD so that's been kind of on the replay. Upon the replay you know. That's really fast upbeat so I listen to that kind of blur my radio and so anything with a good beat. You're five moment. Press ball. Olympia shoulder right there baby. I'm still kind of fresh toward the beginning of the training so I'll throw in a upright row. I don't really go super heavy. I do these more slow and controlled again. This is kind of hitting more of the medial delt when I do upright row so that's why I do it right after no lateral raise. I don't go really heavy on this because I don't want my traps to play a huge role. We really want to feel it in the shoulder. All blows are going to go up higher than the shoulder. Chest up. Knees slightly bent. Almost that time I fit my workout in between clients. It keeps me focused and it helps me not mess around between beds so I think an hour for me is plenty enough time to get a good workout in. Okay so I'm about to start the third side. I'm going to leave the weight the same. I want to make sure that my form stays good. My shoulders are pretty fatigued from everything else I did so far. And again I don't want to go too heavy. I want to really just focus on the shoulder here and not let my traps take over. All right so one of the last exercises we're going to do on this shoulder workout is for the rear deltoy. This is one of the most neglected body parts when training shoulders. It really gives that finishing touch to your back toes especially for me when I compete in figure. So it's this muscle right back here and this is going to be a cable reverse fly. This is an area on the body that a lot of men and women neglect because you can't see it. It's a weaker area for me so sometimes I'll throw this at the very beginning of my shoulder workout but today I'm doing at the end and I always do two exercises for rear delts. It's that area that kind of finished just off and it gives a little bit more of a rounded effect to the shoulder in the rear pose. Okay so when I do these I want to make sure that my arms pretty much stay out at a T. You don't want to pull them back too much. Don't go heavy because again you're pulling it away from your body and on the cable it's a lot harder than doing it with a dumbbell. It's used to make sure both cables stay even. Make sure you stand right in the middle here and I like to put one foot behind so that it helps with my balance. When it comes to shoulder training I rest a little bit longer between sets but I try not to rest longer than it takes me to do the actual set. So if it takes me 45 seconds to complete the set it'll take me a 45 second than a 45 second break in between. I have other body parts that I'm trying to just maintain out my rest will be a lot shorter. So I only get 10 reps at time barely. Sometimes I'll stretch between sets so put one arm in front of your body, kind of pull it across your chest it'll stretch out the back of the shoulder. Okay this last set I'm going to drop it. Kind of embarrassing. The last plate. Okay so the last exercise for this workout is another rear belt exercise you use the dumbbells for a rear belt fly. Use 15s. I like to lay on the bench with my knees up so that way I have more support again bring your arms straight out to the side so that it's like a T. Here we go. I would consider myself pretty extreme when it comes to the whole training and diet and just living the fitness lifestyle 100% of the time. I live at I breathe it I want to practice what I breach to my client so it's a lifestyle for me. Usually I try to rest as long as it takes me to do the set. It's trying to evolve a lot longer than that. I'm going to stick with 15s pretty good weight for me. Sometimes I go up to 20 but pretty good shoulder workout today so I'm going to stick with 15s where they focus on my form again. I don't always train a failure. I think if you train a failure all the time it's a great way to increase your risk for injury but I do like the feeling of not being able to go out anymore because they get makes you stronger mentally and physically to do that sometimes. All right, less so. I'm Nicole Wilkins. I'm I could be a pro figure Olympia champion and this was my shoulder I do this twice a week one day heavier one day lighter. I can check me out on body space or on my website at colwellsons.com and for more content like this check out bodybuilding.com.