I'm pleased to chief Daniel Banks. My life is busy and stressful, but the gym is my sanctuary. The matter will happen this day. The iron helps me through it. Daniel Banks, for your sponsor Ashley with Otter Nutrition, today I'm going to take you through my back workout. The goal today's back workout is to build muscle and to plead it through three or four heavy sets and then break it down to drop sets of 30 to 50 reps. First exercise we'll start today with is white grip pull ups. Follow by, seat it, cable rolls, using the V bar, then switching over to a lap pull down, then dumbbell row, then move on to reverse lap pull down, super set it with behind the neck pull down, going over to barbell row, next we move on to single arm pull down, superset with straight arm pull down. Then we'll finish off with ice and measure pull ups. Between each set, I like the rest between a minute and a half. Hopefully this workout lasts me about two hours, but if you really hustle through it, the last you'll be able to finish it by the hour and a half. Let's go to work. First exercise we'll start with is the pull ups. I typically start my back workouts with pull ups, it's warm up, quarter-five sets, 20 reps. The reason why I use straps is it helps me maximize my bag muscles and not my form. I don't use full extension, I like to keep constant tension on my bag. After bodyweight pull ups, we'll head over to the cable rows. Here we're going to do four to five sets of 12 and then mainly do two down sets of 30 and 30. When doing cable rows, once again just like to pull up, I don't want full extension. I want to keep tension on the back at all times. After working sets, we'll move it to the drop sets, 30-50. That's when you totally deplete them also by just wrapping out. After cable rows, we're going to move it to the lap pull downs. The lap pull downs, it's got a mimic that cable rows with this before five sets of 15. Just like the pull ups are the last, I'm not full extension, and you want to keep constant tension on the lap to get maximum blood flow. Then drop down to 30-50 sets per drop set. After that pull downs move to the dumbbell row. This is being another working set for five sets of 12-15. It's just a straight working set, no drop sets with this one. There's why I don't drain drop sets because I go immediately heavy on these, that I feel I don't need a drop set based on the weight that I pull on this exercise. Just like the cable row, I keep the muscle tight, then I level it to the rep, I'll just stretch it out and then squeeze that 12th rep in. Our first exercise is reverse lap pull downs, super set with behind the neck pull downs. You start out with 11 reverse lap pull downs, super set with 22 behind the neck pull downs. When you go on behind the neck, you want to go real light because it's going real heavy, I hope a lot of pressure I rotate it got. We're going to do the barbell row. Here we're going to do four or five sets of working sets, followed by two drop sets at 30-50. Put the barbell row, you want to focus on form. We're going to form and take your time through exercise, you'll reap more out of the exercise. I'm not wearing a belt today, but if you have a lower back prom, how do you suggest you use a belt on this exercise? Our seven exercises go be single and pulled down, super set with straight on pull downs. Typically, 12 to 15 reps for four or five sets. With single and pull downs, I like to twist as I come down and squeeze with each rep. Also with the twist on a single and pull downs, it also engages your biceps to get your small bicep workout. Followed by with the straight on pull downs, I like to do it exactly the same. As I come down towards my hips, I like to do the same thing with a nice short squeeze and release. Last we're going to finish out with ice and metric pull ups. I do this exercise to totally deplete my back and my biceps. With this exercise, you want to pull yourself up to the bar and pull your back up to the bar and squeeze the hole for as long as you can. You want to do this for three to four sets. One hole at the top is one set. The full breakdown of this workout is an arcable though. This is typically my back workout every week. I do switch it up between reps with my working sets or my drop sets, but I suggest you know take what you learn, add it to your workout and then how it works for you. If you have any questions on this workout, you can reach me here on body space, disco banks, Instagram, also disco banks or Daniel Banks on Facebook. For more free videos on articles like this, continue to come back to bodybuilding.com.