Hi, this is Jamie East and I'm in the bodybuilding.com kitchen today and I'm excited to show you one of my favorite healthy desserts. This is Orange Almond Biscotti. Let's see. We need two bowls. We've got a large bowl and a smaller bowl. And we've got all our ingredients here. I'm using oat flour. This is essentially just ground up oatmeal. You can get it at any grocery store pretty much because now they have the little healthy section. But if you need to, you can also grind your own oatmeal and a blender. Just know that you usually can't get it quite as fine as this. So you might need a little bit more. This is too cup-serie. You might need more like two to two and a third or two and a half even. So dump that in the bowl. Next, dry ingredients that we need is our baking powder. Baking powder is the leavening. You've got baking soda, baking powder. Usually when you use something like baking powder, it keeps it like baking soda, think, cake, baking powder, think a little more dense. So that's what we're using as baking powder. So we've dumped that in. We've got, I think that was a teaspoon of baking powder. We've got a fourth of a teaspoon of salt. Normally you need salt because it's going to help your leavening ingredient like your baking powder react. So then we've got to get our whisk. These are our dry ingredients pretty basic. Okay, we'll set that to the side. And now we've got our wet ingredients. We need four egg whites. Kind of hard to break it on this little bowl. And you're going to separate the yolk from the whites. And you can throw that away or save it if you want to. So that away. Number two. Number three. That would get any shell in there. That's pretty important. And if you ever happen to drop the yolk in like this. It's pretty easy. You can actually fish it out with the same one and pretty much get all of the yolk out. You have a little stray here. Oops. You can use the other side. Simple. Let's get the last one. By the way, make sure you preheat your oven to 350 which we've already done. So we're ready to go. Once the pan is off. All right, then we're going to use our cup of Splenda. Now, Splenda is the sweetener that I chose, but you can choose any sweetener of your choice. I like the no calorie stuff and some people only use in the natural sweeteners and that works too. So just whatever you like. I'm going to mix that out. It's a little frothy. Okay, once that's incorporated, we're going to add our extracts, which is what gives the the Scotty cookies they're flavored. So we've got almond extract here. Almonds is pretty strong. So we're actually going to put a little more orange than we will the almond. But so for this one, we're going to do about a half a tablespoon of the almond. And this is pure almonds. There's artificial or imitation. You can use those as a work, but I personally prefer the pure because I think they have sort of a little bit of an alcohol kind of smell and flavor. And then we've got our orange extract. And for the orange, because we really want to, that's really the main flavor of the cookie. We're going to do full tablespoon. Let's see. Let's mix this together. Start this smell really good. Okay, once you have that incorporated, we're going to add our odd ingredient, which is our baby food. This is apple sauce. The reason I like to use apple sauce is it really, actually replaces the butter and oil in your ingredients. You can use lots of different types of baby food to do the same thing. There's all kinds of fruit versions. Like a berry, you would enhance chocolate. Apple's are good for anything that's, you know, spice or actually like in this one. Because of the orange in the almond, it sort of just disappears. You don't really taste any apple at all. So then that's about it. Got it, got it all cleaned out. And by the way, there is sugar in the baby food, the apple sauce. But it's about, I think it's about 11 grams in that one. You want to look for one that's, you know, as low sugar as possible. But it makes so many cookies that really it's negligible that amount of sugar that ends up in this. So we've got that incorporated. And so that's all of our ingredients. Now we're going to add our wet ingredients to our dry ingredients. So I'm going to get my little nifty spatula here. It helps me scrape the sides. You can use a whisk to mix this all together. Sometimes it gets a little bit thick or you can just keep using this spatula that you have. We'll try this spatula. This is supposed to be kind of thick. If you've never made biscotti before, you actually bake it a few times. Like this one, we're going to put it in the oven and I'm going to end up baking it for about 20 minutes. And then when you take it out, you're going to cut it and actually bake it again. You can continue to bake it until it's as hard as you want. So you can see it's starting to really thicken up, which is what we want. Get all the good stuff off the sides. It's more doughy than like a cake batter or anything. Okay, so we've about got that mixed. Smells really good. Another option for this is when you've got your dry ingredients, you might want to actually add protein, which I'll do sometimes just to add a few macros to it that are good for me, that I need anyway. So we've got that all incorporated and you're going to get an aluminum baking sheet. The reason you need aluminum is we really want you to get brown. If you use anything like glass or anything like that, it really doesn't get as crispy as you want. So we'll do a light spray, just so it doesn't stick on sticks spray. I always use the butter flavor just because it's better for baking, or the taste won't really interfere with the bait good. See, I'm just like I have a little extra dry stuff on the bottom there. So I'm going to dump this. It's a little sticky. dump it on and then you're going to actually sort of just spread it out. Can you use your hands too, which is often what I do? I think I'm going to do it, so push that off. And you just sort of want to make it, push it around until it ends up about maybe about an inch and a half thickness. And you actually are looking to sort of make a rectangle out of it. That's about good enough probably. It doesn't have to be perfect and pretty. It'll taste the same. So, right. And it's ready for the oven. You want to make sure that your oven is, or the rack is about in the middle, make sure it's not too close to the heating element, which is on the bottom. And we'll set the timer for about 20 minutes. And we're good to go. So, 20 minutes later, we'll be able to cut them and bake them again. Okay, maybe turn our timer off. Let's see. It's been oven about 20 minutes to see what we have. Looks just slightly brown, which is what we want to relate on the edges. It's about the same as when we first put it in. So, now we've just needed to set it aside for a little while. Probably about 10 or 15 minutes, let it cool enough so that we can cut it into our whisked out of cookies and put it back in the oven for about 15 minutes. Alright. Now, our cookies are about cold at least the first step. So, it looks almost like it's not even done yet, but that's really because it's not. But it should at this point be pretty easy to transfer from here to a cutting board. So, we're going to move it over. And you want to get a knife. This is a good serrated knife. It doesn't have to be serrated. You can use a regular butcher's knife, just whatever. But the goal is to make these as uniform in size as we can. So, the first thing I like to do is cut it straight down the middle. So, this one's perfectly and factually. So, if you can see, you've got kind of the beginning of your cookie in there. So, I'm going to push it back together. And I'm going to start making my slices. And you can probably, I like to do the very first one, really, really close to edge. And these are my eat them right now, cookies. But, they're not really done. They're too small to really make an actual cookie at it, so that's my excuse. So, that's the first one. Now, we want to make about 13 cookies. Or about 13 slices. And you can do as thin as thick as you want to. That's totally up to you. Okay, and again, got the ends that it's snack on now. So, I'll put those to the side. Okay, now what we want to do is we actually want to put them back on our baking sheet. You can spray it or actually don't even need to spray it. They don't really stick, so we're just not even going to spray it. But now the cookies will look like this. So, we're going to just place them all on their side. I'm going to spray it out. They're a little bit crumbly at this point, but when we're done with them, they won't be. So, our oven at this point is still on 350 degrees, because we're going to put them back in. Let them continue to bake 15-20 minutes, however long. And then when we take them out, it's up to you at that point if you want to continue baking them to make them a little bit criss-pear. Or if you're done at that point, I like mine pretty hard because I like to have them with my coffee, so I will usually put them in a several times actually. So they're ready to go. We'll set it for 15 minutes. Cook it through done. Let's see. Let's do this up. Alright, they look brown, pretty brown on both sides. You can actually do it one more time if you want. If you like your cookies, you can harder. But one cookie is only about like 30-31 calories. It's got less than a gram of fat in there. You've got four carbs and about a gram and a half of protein. Thanks for joining me in the kitchen. Please check back off in at BodyBillin.com for future recipes. Thank you.