Energy Smash is a new high-performance drink designed in Chris Energy for both your body and my energy smash by ultimate nutrition is a potent blend of natural herbs, vitamins and caffeine that supply a burst of energy whenever you need it. Energy smash is designed to compliment the lifestyle of today's active man or woman. Energy smash is the perfect pick me up for people experiencing lack of energy. Get your energy smash today. My I'm Chris Gatton from Bodybuilding.com and we're in beautiful Malibu California and today we're meeting up with Heidi Montag and a trainer Chad Waterbury to find out how they prepared her for a playboy cover shoot for the Miss Universe after a new season of the hills. So we're gonna head on down to the beach and find out what they have to say. Heidi how did he get in such good shape for your playboy cover shoot? I worked my butt off. I worked harder than I've ever worked in my life. I was training five days a week with my trainer Chad Waterbury. Her plan of course is based on the look that she wanted for the playboy cover and she didn't want to be too muscular. She didn't want to be too big. She wanted to be too skinny. She kind of just wanted that what I call the bikini body. She wanted more shapely thighs and hips. She wanted her butt to be a little bit curbier. She wanted to show some athleticism and strength in her upper body without adding too much mass. So I put together a program that would give her that. Now I understand that you didn't like the fact that previously you had a flat bum. Is that correct? Yeah, before I was slimmer. I was a little bit skinny or a little bit scrawny or I had no butt. It was completely flat and I really wanted powerful sexy curves. I wanted to feel strong also at the same time. I didn't want that skinny look. Can you provide us a routine along with some tips and advice on how you've got more curves to your body? A lot of sprinting, sprinting running is great for it. Head of Bell, my favorite lift that I did to get my butt really strong is called a dead lift. And I can lift my body weight which is a hundred pounds on a dead lift and that really helps all your leg muscles and your butt muscles to really grow and get to come stronger. And to get those powerful sexy curves that I really want to achieve. I hear that you didn't use many machines and you didn't do excessive amounts of cardio. Well, one is well, to get the best results you want to train the body the way it's naturally designed to work and machines take the body out of its natural element. Besides that though, with athletes like I don't do long duration low intensity cardio anyway. I do short, very high intensity and energy system training and since I wanted to turn her into more of an athlete that's what I had her do. So a lot of girls that are looking up to you, I'm sure a lot of them would assume to get a great figure like yours that they that have to stop themselves. So this is in fact false isn't it really? Starting yourself is the worst thing and the most unattractive love you could possibly do. And I think that's a big misconception that women have to be skinny, as attractive. And that's the opposite to be strong and to be athletic and to have powerful sexy curves. That's what men like to and that's what makes me feel better and that's what makes me feel more confident. But eating is very, very important to your health. Did you find that you had to eat more than what you normally eat? Yes, actually my metabolism was set up from eating, from working out so hard. But I cut down on carbs when the shoe came closer. I cut down on that and I cut down on sugar. But I ate more protein and vegetables and fruits. Okay, so after the playboy shoes, do you find that you still have to watch what you eat in order to stay slim or can you have a few shoes days here and there? That's funny, mention that. I get two cheat meals a week. So two meals, whatever I want. But that's only twice a week. In the rest of the time, I just monitor more of what I'm eating. Okay, you're eating more. You'd be an exercise in five days a week. What about supplements? Do you take supplements? I do take fish oil. I take that twice a day, two teaspoons a day, a fish oil. That really helps everything. That helps my skin. That helps my hair. That helps everything. That helps my immune system. So that would be the main supplement that I take. Many women think they're going to get bulky if they work out with weights. Now what advice do you have for women who have this assumption? Well, you know, I understand their fear because certain women, if they're genetically predisposed to having big legs or big shoulders or something like that, they can get too big. But it doesn't have to be that way. The key is to control the volume. That's the first thing. You don't want to do excessive amounts of volume of any one exercise because that will overdevelop one area of the body. The second thing is not allow yourself too much rest. So you keep that athleticism up and you're pushing the energy system training which helps upregulate the metabolism. But it doesn't allow you to recover fully which will, you know, then make you want to lift a heavier weight than maybe you should. You control in that volume. Is there a certain repetition range that you would recommend? Yeah, well, I like to focus on time. 10 second sets is really a great place to start with short rest periods. If you're looking at reps, you know, anywhere from five to 15 reps per set usually works well because you know, you could actually get 15 15 reps done in 10 seconds. If it's a light load, like you do a kettlebell swing 15 times a little light weight in 10 seconds or if it's a heavier weight, you know, as the smoothness can be a little slower, so maybe five or six reps to get the same, you know, 10 second time frame. Now unfortunately, Spencer isn't here today. I know, I know. But I didn't want to ask, do you have a train with Spencer? I train every day with Spencer. So Spencer and I trained together. So Spencer and I are doing the same workout in different variations. Yeah. So we're not just talking about cardio between your and Spencer now. We're talking about proper training on the beach. Right. We train here every day together. He does more than male, a little bit more male geared for his muscles. And I do more of the sexy curves tone plan. But we race on the beach together. It makes me more competitive. It pushes me a little bit harder. I know, I'm sure brings you closer together as well. It's my favorite time of day when we're here on the beach in the morning. I mean, you couldn't get better a little competition in the morning to start the day off right now. I understand all your exercise and nutrition secrets now are going to be available in ebook format. So why did you decide to let all these secrets out of the bag? I wanted to let all these secrets out of the bag to really help people. I really changed my life. It changed my confidence. It changed every area and every aspect of my life. So I really wanted to be able to share that with other women. Because like you said earlier, there's so many misconceptions of being skinny and that's the right look and I really want to help people get that sexy powerful look that they don't know how to get. The Heidi Montag workout ebook, it's fantastic. It outlines the program that I put her through to prepare her for the Playboy shoot. It's a six-week training nutrition program and there's really no stone left-hand turn. I mean, there's all every exercise has high resolution picks and descriptions and I lay out the key principles of my nutrition plan and give sample diets and you can go to the Heidi Montag workout.com and pick that up. Just to finish off, how are you keeping yourself busy now and what's next on I've arrived and for Heidi Montag? So much, I am so busy. I have the ebook, the Heidi Montag workout. I have that coming out. That's one of my main focuses. I really want to help women to achieve that body, the powerful sexy curve. That is, it changed my life so I really want to help other women. That I might album coming out, October 13. So I have that coming out. I just did my first performance from the University of Philly and I's building people watched it. I have the hills coming out this fall coming out instead of Kemmer and I have a hair product coming out. I have a bunch of things in the works. So I'm very busy. I feel very blessed every day. Good job. You've got chas, I keep you disciplined. Oh, if I didn't have a chad in my life, every morning keeping me disciplined, it'd be chaos. Okay, once again, thank you very much. I'm so much pleasure. Thank you. Thanks for joining us at the Beach in Malibu. We you found out exactly how Heidi prepared for a playboy cover shoes, how she got prepared for the Miss Universe and for the new season of the hills. Remember you can get more in-depth exercise and tips on HeidiMontagworkout.com. So until next time, we'll see you again.