Alright, Larry Peppy here with the Aurei of Faber for Pro and May Radio on bodybuilding.com with the UFC fan expo. Aurei, of course, first question. How you feeling and how's the leg? It's much better, you know, it got a real big for a little bit and then it's gotten a lot smaller, even smaller than it was before the fight. So we're working on building some muscle back there and kind of getting a game plan or what I'm going to fight again. So not 100% sure when, but it's going to be fairly soon. So you feel like you're ready to get back to training and get back in the cage? Yeah, I've been doing something, you know, proactive the whole time. It's just a matter of, you know, when I'm going to be 100% and it shouldn't be too long. So a question. The other big question is 135, 145. Where do you want to be in this next fight? Well, from the sound of things, it sounds like they're going to want me to go down on 35s. It's something I've wanted to do for a long time, good on it. It has some bites down there. So I'll probably have a couple of bites down there, maybe go back up to 45s. We're not real sure yet. So do you think the time off, you said the leg got a little smaller, maybe you lost a little bit of that muscle that you put on, maybe that helps you make 135? Well, I mean, I'm a small 45-bounder. So all through college, I was 133 pounds. It wasn't like a, you know, it's been a hard cut for 45. So I'm probably a natural 35-bounder won't be difficult for me. But I like to get the muscle back and still make 35s. All right. So we're breaking news. It looks like 135 for the next fight. Most likely. Okay. Before I let you go, hometown take down, talk about that program with the WEC and AM. It's an awesome promotion. We're basically giving folks at home the opportunity to tune in, be active and get the WEC brought to their hometown. So whoever has the most activity out of their hometown is going to get the WEC there. And unless you've been living under a rock, yes, this is the same to your eye of a baby you've been seeing in AM commercial after AM commercial. Are you getting more recognized because an AM commercial is going to run constantly? Uh, probably I did cut the hair. But you know, I think it's just been over the years I've been getting recognized more and more and all this stuff helps. Awesome. You're right. Hey, we know you're really busy at the fan expo. Thanks for taking the time and good luck in that next fight at 35. Thanks. And thanks guys. Energy. My manager's ever made incorporated and formatfletx.com. Check us out. Alright, check out pro MMA Radio Monday night 6 p.m. Pacific 9 p.m. Eastern.