Hello and welcome to Bodybuilder.com's daily video trainer. This video series will be a 12 week diet and exercise program. You'll have a video to watch every day for the entire 12 weeks. Work out plans, nutrition advice, motivation and supplementation. You'll get it all right here. So what's unique about this program? I'll be doing it right alongside with you. My name's Chris Gethin and over the next 12 weeks I'm going to be training with you. You'll see the exact program that I follow to get an amazing transformation. This program is not going to be easy. If it was easy then everybody would be walking around with their physique that they desired. But if I can do it, you can do it. There's a thousand excuses that you can choose from and if you're that kind of person and walk the other way, if you want it bad enough then follow me. So let's jump into training. The training split that we're going to be following is chest and triceps, back and biceps, legs and shoulders, calves and abs. I like to train with the two days on and one day off training split for rest. So you're going to be doing cardio twice a day and 20 minutes per session. There's some days that you won't want to do it but you have to do it every day because it will keep you in metabolism firing. It'll help digest your foods and it'll help utilize your stored fat as energy. Now I'm going to tell you how I eat, what I eat and how often I eat and this is exactly how you're going to eat as well. So to start with, I don't count calories. I don't want to complicate things I want to keep it simple. I just count my portions. So if I start eyeballing my food, then looking at my protein I normally go for about a fist size which for me, when I weigh it out it's about 200 grams and I go for a fist size of complex carbohydrates as well and normally that adds up to a better cup. Now I'll eat every two to three hours which adds up to around six or seven meals per day. The main food sources that will both be eaten on this transformation is protein, carbohydrates and then naturally occurring fats. So the protein sources that we're going to be eating are fish, poultry, steak, egg whites and obviously you're protein powders. The carbohydrates sources, they can be sweet potato, brown rice, whole wheat pasta and you can also have oats as well. And lastly, fats. I don't take in many additional fats when I'm on a diet. When I'm not dieting, of course I'll have my almonds and I'll have some olive oil and peanut butter. But when I'm dieting I don't want those additional calories. But throughout the day it's just the naturally occurring fats like in my steak. There is some in the in your fish as well. So that's all the fat that you need when you're on a transformation like this. Now let's cover what you can drink. Obviously number one, water is fine. I like to add extent so I have some flavor and I'll drink around a gallon per day. Other fluids I like to have tea. I like to have coffee but these are black. The reason being is because you're not allowed to have milk on its program. It's got lactose in it which is a form of sugar. The same was so you can't have any soy milk. You've got to stay away from the sugars on the program. And the sweetener of my choice is stevia. That's what I like to have as it's a natural source of sweetener. And lastly, no booze on this program at all. Obviously beer has a lot of empty calories that pretty much useless to you. And I don't care if like red wine has a lot of antioxidants in it. Dark chocolate does too but you can't have either on this program. On this program there are no cheat days. Some programs will recommend that you have a cheat day just to take a rest or to speed up your metabolism. You don't take a day off from your training or from your cardio. So why should you take a day off from your diet? If you cheat on your diet, don't just put that behind you. You have to dwell on that and feel really bad about exactly what you've done. Because if you put it behind you the next week, you might do it again. And if you do cheat, you're only going to get exposed. When people who haven't cheated will look amazing at the end of the 12 weeks. And at the end of the 12 weeks, you'll be wondering what went wrong. Supplements. As supplements aren't a magic pill, although I wish they were, that will replace a nutrition or training program. I'm not going to give you all the intricate details on every single supplement right now. I will later on in a series and you can read more about them on bodybuilding.com. But let's just go into the basics and what you're going to need to get through this program to give you the best results and the fastest results possible. So, supplements that you'll be taking every day and I take every day. It's number one, a multivitamin. So, a multivitamin will help provide you with all the vitamins that you're going to need throughout this program, help with your recovery. Also has calcium, magnesium as well, all your minerals that you'll need. So, I like to take that morning and night. Another thing that I like to take in the morning and at night are my omega fats. So, this helps to create growth hormone, helps with brain function along with the many other health benefits too. I like to take digestive enzymes too so go out and get some digestive enzymes. A lot of the food that you'll be taking, especially the protein can be hard to absorb. It's not about the amount of protein that you eat. It's about the amount that you absorb as well. A pH balance set is something that you should be taking as well. This will help with your alkalinity levels. Glutamin. So, this is something that I'll take every day also as well. It's an anti-cadabolic agent so it helps prevent the breakdown of muscle tissue. The protein powders I like to use are a couple of different kinds. I like to use isolate, immediately following my workout because this is a very fast digesting protein that'll shut all straight into my muscles for recovery. If I have an ameliplysement, I'll go for a slower protein so for that reason, I like to go for the CNP, pro peptide kind because it's a blend of different proteins so I'm getting my fast, slow, amedian chain amino acids. Moving on to carbohydrates. The form that I like to take is the targo. I'll take that immediately following my workout because this is a fast digesting carbohydrate I can put into my body to replenish those depleted glycogen stores and lastly, I like to have BCAA's branch chain amino acids. This helps with recovery. I like to take it in the extended powder formula because I add that to my water and it gives my water a nice flavor. So now let's move on to the performance supplements. There's a trifector of fat burn in supplements that I like to take. I'm riding with green tea. The reason being it helps increase my metabolism and it's slightly suppresses my appetite because I get very hungry during the 12 weeks. Elcarnity is the next supplement that I like to take. It helps me utilize fats as energy and lastly I like to use your himby. The reason being is because it's a bloodvast related so it helps push blood into the adiposterias that you may hold fat for me. It's going to be my lower back and my ab region. Another performance supplement that I take is creatin. The reason being is that it'll help me push a few more reps in the gym so it helps increase the intensity and the density of my muscles. So it doesn't matter if you're trying to build muscle or burn fat because it helps with both. So that's your entire supplement shopping list. So make sure you go on to bodybuilding.com now and order that stack before you start your next 12 week assault. Let's talk about tracking your transformation. To start with, you need to take before pictures. Please do this against a plain background so you can see the silhouette of your physique. You need to take a front shot, a side shot and a back shot. Make sure it's in good lighting and that camera is steady so it's not going to be a blurred image. Put them up on your body space and when you get in good comments from other people, it'll certainly encourage you to get through to the end. Just in body fat with calipers can give you an accurate indication of what your current body fat and lean muscle mass percentages are. Make sure you have it taken in the same place by the same person every time where you can have conflicting measurements. So way yourself, I like to do it on a Monday morning before breakfast just in my underwear on the same scales. Don't weigh yourself on different scales you will get conflicting measurements. Make sure that you track your training as well. I like to log down my training every single day in my body blog. So I can see from day to day in week to week if I'm progressing with my weights, my reps or my intensity. But just make sure that you write it down because studies do suggest that you're more likely to see through these goals once they're written down. So now I've given you a basic overview of everything that you need to know about nutrition, training and supplementation and the tools to get you through this transformation. To start up a body space now, it's free of charge and join the transformation body group so you can follow along with other people doing this transformation with you. All the info that you need is below on this page as well. So if you need a recap of that supplement stack and also we'll be the workout log on every training day. So you can take that to the gym, print it out and log your workouts as your training. Remember I'm going to be there with you every step of the day in the gym and on the non training days giving you all the info that you need to have a successful transformation and be a winner at the end. To mow is going to be our first day and it's going to be a training day. We're going to start off with a hard one. We'll be training legs. But that's good because everyone else will be doing chest in the gym so you'll have all the leg equipment to yourself.