We'll need all the talk, many times, about what makes a champion a champion. In a truly its its mindset, but there are certain types of people that would challenge themselves every day in life, and they don't have to be driven. Those are kind of good need to be held back and those are good things with the leaders. And there's kind of people that are just the followers that just go with what people say, just kind of fall along and just to tell them what they're like. You know, this is why we chose way lifting or body building or whatever we choose. When people take the path of least resistance, it doesn't really ever make sense to me. I mean, a whole idea for doing it is to challenge yourself to be better, to be stronger in every way possible. So, swan the every day is just another way to challenge yourself. You know, I literally believe that swan every day is not really going to build character, but it's going to reveal your character. Like you're truly going to find out what you're made of. Can you get up? Can you go to the show? Can you get on to the bar? You'll get tired if it's teeing, then you'll be so hard to work. But guess what? Here's to live. You get up to next day, you do it again. And if you see things in your life from a point of necessity, not a point of desire, you'll be way more successful. The people have become wheelchair-pensive at the mindset. You can't beat those people. I think you've got some something no option for filling. Most people try to squat once a week, with them to try to squat once a week. I see it in the gym, guys going quarter way down, halfway down, skipping sets, talking a lot in between. So I built this squat every day trainer on that every day you've got to challenge yourself like going to squat first. You're going to squat for 20 to 30 minutes, but then fit your normal splits and after that. The key is that you're bringing intensity right out the gate to the squat rack to really freak out your body. Put some real weight on the bar and let's set the tone for the rest of the workout right out the gate. And I want people to walk over you and say, did you squat yesterday? And you say, yeah, I squat every day. Three main goals in this program, one, to get stronger and become freak. Two to add muscle mass with that hormone profile, your raising on a regular basis, and three to really become just more of an expert in the squat in general. If you've ever trained in any hardcore gyms, there's always an old guy that'll say, if you want your bench to go up, make sure your squat goes up. And that's true because what happens is that sets the tone for your hormone profile for your testosterone and your natural GH in the body. So if you're squatting on a daily basis, in theory, you're raising all the other lifts that go up also. So the way this program originated was, in March of this year, I had a powerlifting meat that I bombed out of it. So I decided I needed to do something crazy to increase my squat to another level, so I started reading online. I come across an article by a guy named John Bros. who's an Olympic lifting coach on bass. After reading about John's concept of squatting every day, I kind of mixed and matched a couple different things that I've done in the past two. I took some of the west side, conjugate methods I learned from Coach Louis Simmons, and also took some of John's stuff from the squat every day and kind of mixed them together. So a lot of people are going to look at this to say, man, that's overtraining. They're going to call it, but do you really know what overtraining is? Do you know the definition of overtraining is that your sick, your immune system's hit? Do you even take yourself to that level? Because most people don't even know what that is. The thing is, nobody's built with an orange mat. Like people don't know what to capable of. You why can't you squat every day? Have you tried it? How do you know? To me, that was incentive to want to do it more. It's like seeing that I can't walk to work today because I walked yesterday. So I believe that anybody can adapt to this program and eventually over time he builds intensity and weight and continue to make progress and PRs in all different ways. You know, I had three kids all started this same time. They all had different starting points where they started when they came into the gym. And when you're later ironically they all made identical gains. They all went up almost 200 pounds in their squat in a year, but they all started with the different starting points. So we're girls of where you start or where you are, everybody can make progress. I mean, no one has a monopoly on strength. Anybody can get stronger. Don't you fucking quit! There's always two main goals for people either to drop body fat or to gain muscle or maybe a little bit of both. This plan is set up to where you can really dictate which way you want to go. Because I've built out two specific nutrition plans to pick your goal. On the squat every day trainer, we're giving you a 30 day template for your workouts, nutrition and your supplementation. So this program doesn't discriminate. It's for men, it's for women. It's just for somebody with the hardcore mindset that wants to challenge themselves. So on Mondays, you're going to squat, then hit your chest. On Tuesdays, you're going to squat and then pull and then hit upper back. On Wednesdays, you're going to go ahead and squat, hit your shoulders, Thursdays, obviously you're going to squat, and then hit your arms. Friday, you're going to squat, then touch on chest and back one more time. And then Saturday and Sunday is a little bit less volume. You're just going to squat both days and hit a little bit posterior chain work. So you might be thinking when you're listening to this, that you're going to be in the gym for like three or four hours, but that's not the case. Your squat is to take you around a half hour and the other workout will take you from 30 to 45 minutes. So you're looking at an hour and 15 minutes. So no texting on your phone, no staying at the drinking fountain for 15 minutes and seeing what your boys do when get to work. Don't try to alternate the program with leg press or Smith machine squats. That will not work. I need you to get a real barbell in a squat rack. Take it out and free squatting. That's why this program works so good. It's got to be difficult. Do not use a Smith machine and don't use the leg press or you're defeating the purpose completely. I'm going to teach you 11 different squat variations to test yourself against. So each time you're going to squat, you're going to be doing something different and trying to beat your old record. I'm not going to go in to each variation right now because I've provided for you videos how to perform each one of these squats. What I believe you need to be doing is post the video of that squat variation max rep each day to your body space. So you can stay accountable to everybody on body space and yourself. Squatting every day is uncomfortable. Getting out of bed early is uncomfortable. I believe you should get up out of bed early and go right to the squat rack. Set your day up in an uncomfortable frame of mind. I'm not telling you what the rest of day will be a breeze. You're going to see a lot of results. You know not just physically but mentally. You know I truly believe that squatting every day is not really going to build character. But it's going to reveal your character. Like you're truly going to find out what you're made of. You know it's going to be very difficult and you're going to challenge yourself. And after a while it's not even about a physical challenge anymore. Because your body will adapt to that. It's about mentally. Can you get up? Can you go to the gym? Can you get on to the bar? Even just to get up and go to the gym after time is half the battle. So I think up by squatting every day. Now that you're going to see phenomenal results in your strength. You're overall size, mass, how you feel. Everything but mentally you're going to grow stronger. After that period of time everything else will see easy. It's a mindset. You got to go after it. You want to be a freak in the gym. It'll carry over to every different muscle group. It'll carry over in your deadlift and your clean and your overhead press. You want to be physically stronger than you should tackle in this program. The next video you need to watch right after this is the squat history video. So you can see why squatting so important and where it all got started. It's time to step up your game. Turn into a freak. Upload those videos on your body space. And let's see what you got.