When you span your life bringing the lab to the gym, there's no such thing as bro science. Hundreds of studies conducted thousands of articles written and techniques continuously tested. There are no variables, just results. I'm Dr. Jimst the Pani. Today's test workout is workout one, week one, and phase one of my 532 strength training program. Now this is a super heavy program that's going to take you to 10 weeks of very heavy way on the main exercises and will leave you stronger than you've ever been before. Now I'm about to start the test workout, but I want to remind you that heavy is just a relative term. A lot of people take when they hear heavy, it means they have to be bench pressing 350 and 400 foot up. Heavy is what's heavy to you. And during this workout, I'm not even going to be going that heavy just to show you that it's not about impressing anyone. It's about finding the proper weight that's going to allow you to get 5 reps for 5 sets. The first exercise is going to be the bench press. Here it's absolutely critical that you're hitting all 5 reps for all 5 sets. So that means on the first set, you're not going to go to absolute failure. You want to save something. The rest period is going to be somewhere in the 2 to 3 minute range, but the real heat to doing the bench press properly and safely is your upper arm position. You don't want your arms straight out forming a T. That's going to lead to shoulder problems. One thing that you can kind of visualize to do this is to think about holding grape fruits in your armpits. So you're actually going to be squeezing with your lats as you lower that bar down and keeping your arms in that proper position. Now the second exercise in this chest program is the incline bench press. Here you're going to be doing 3 sets of 6 to 8 reps. You're going to take an overhand grip a bit wider than shoulder width apart. What's different is where you lower the weight. Because the body is on an incline, now you're going to lower the weight more towards the upper or middle chest. You can't really go too low on the chest due to the incline of your upper body. So lower it down nice and slow to the upper chest. And again, you still want to explode the weight up nice and explosively back up over your upper chest. The third exercise in this chest workout is the flat dumbbell bench press. Here you're going to be doing 3 sets against 6 to 8 reps per set. Like with the incline bench press, this is an assistant exercise that is going to help you increase your strength on the barbell bench press. But also help the focus on muscle growth mainly the middle and lower peck area. Now with the dumbbell bench press, obviously you're using dumbbells which means each hand is moving independently of the other one. That's going to help increase the use of stabilizer muscles in the shoulder girdle that help. And that's going to help increase overall muscle strength when you get to that barbell bench press which you're using as your parometer of your upper strength on the chest for this program over the full 10 weeks. Incline dumbbell fly. This is an assistant exercise so you're doing 3 sets of 8 to 10 reps. Unlike the previous 3 exercises which will protect your joint exercises, this is a single joint exercise. Sometimes called an isolation exercise being on an incline helps the focus a bit more on the upper peck. Muscle fibers. Now to do the incline dumbbell fly, you're going to hold the dumbbells over your chest. Close together. You're going to keep a slight bend in the elbows. Bring your arms down as well as possible. Main chain is just that slight bend in the elbows. You're going to focus on using your chest to bring your arms back up and together in the top position. After the incline dumbbell fly, we move into abs. And the first ab exercise is your standard crunch. You're going to be doing 3 sets to muscle failure. One of the things about abs in reps speed is that most people think you need to really focus on slow and controlled reps. But with the crunch, research is shown that the faster and more explosive you do your crunches, the more of not only the abdominal muscles, but also the obliques that are used. You can rest as little as a minute to two minutes at the most for most of these ab exercises. The second ab exercise is the reverse crunch. This helps to focus more on the lower abs. You're going to do 3 sets to failure just like you did with the crunch. You're going to place your hands at your side to support your body or if you're using a bench, you could hold out for the bench. Start with your hips and your knees bent at 90 degrees. Then what you're going to do is use your lower abs to curl your hips up off the floor, bringing your knees toward your head. Then you're going to slowly lower it reverse to motion to lower your hips back to the floor. The third and final ab exercise is the obliques crunch. Here you're going to be doing 3 sets to failure just like with the other ab exercises. Here obviously is the name implies the focus is the obliques muscles. Then once you've done all reps to failure on one side, you're going to swing your knees over to the other side and then complete the reps just in the same manner. But on that side, again till muscle failure. So that's it for this chest workout. Now if you have any other questions on this workout or any of the workouts, you could reach me on my body space, my Twitter or on my Facebook page. And for more programs and tips like this from me, you should have come back to bodybuilding.com.