My name is Rachel Flint. I am a captain in the International Guard and winner of 2012 Military Transformation Challenge for bodybuilding.com. I was never athletic in high school, middle school. I just went to class and hung out with my friends and really had no desire to be athletic because I thought it was beyond the realm of possibility for me. It didn't even occur to me that I could be athletic. When I decided to join the military is when I knew that if I was going to survive, they were training. I was going to have to get fit. At that point I was a smoker and so I gave that up and started running. When I was about 23, I went on deployment to Saudi Arabia and was there for about four months. There was somebody over there that showed me the basics of weight training. It was very beginner level stuff. I just built on that and at that point I didn't really do much with it. My natural shape is a pair. I was always very small, had very narrow shoulders and bigger hips. I thought, okay, well if I get fit then I'll probably just be a smaller version of that. I was probably about 140 pounds and I'm 5.7. I'm some of my body fat was in the low 20s which is still healthy but it wasn't something I was comfortable with and so I decided to try to build some muscle and reduce my body fat and see what was underneath. As I started lifting weights and really challenging myself from the gym I started to see that shape change. I was astonished at what I looked like. It's been incredible to see I'm not genetically determined to always have the same body shape. It's incredible. It really can change your whole body. I'm now staying at home, other than my one week in the month in the International Guard. I'm busy with two little girls, I just four and one and a half. I want to set a good example for them and healthy eating is really part of our everyday lifestyle. I got to a point where I knew I just had gotten kind of complacent with my workouts and was ready to kick it up a notch. I've always worked really well with deadlines, this challenge gave me an excellent opportunity to have a 12 week goal and just really hit it hard for those 12 weeks to make the most of it that I could. I used the machines when I very first started because I wasn't real sure about my form and I made the machines took away that guess for me. I think at this point I've gotten through a lot of the trial and error and I know what works well for my body. I'll lift heavy for a while to see how far I could get with that and then I'll switch over to lighter weights with more reps for a while and do that to see what my results are with that. So I tried to always change things that keep an interesting. I do prefer the traditional body building movements. I work out at the same gym every day and the same equipment is there every day so there's now to be some repetition there but whenever I'm working in particular body part I'll change up the exercise to target that particular body part after a while. I work out six days and so I lift weights on all six of those days that I do a five day split and then usually hit my twice in one week usually on on two days or and Thursdays or two days in Fridays. I make sure to give myself a couple days of break between when I hit legs again. I like to do back and my steps together and chest and tie steps together and then shoulders and abs on their own. I tied two cardio two or three times a week. If I have time, if I finish it work out early I'll use the rest of that time to do some cardio. The rest day for me is starts off with church because it's on Sunday so I've got church with my family and we go out to eat and it's a nice day. We'll go to the park and still try to do something slightly active but I really try to just do as little as possible on that day to get me ready for the coming. I take progress pictures every two to three weeks and compare them side by side with previous weeks and not really helps. Helps me know if I am making progress and it works either way if I'm not seeing the progress that I want to see then I push harder at the gym and if my am seeing progress, it could take side it and I still push harder at the gym. The most important thing I could tell people who are a little intimidated and not sure if they can do this would be to just start gathering information, start reading. I think that's the most important thing to get all the information that you plan before you even step foot in the gym. There are so many free programs available on bodybuilding.com. Pick one of those and get going. I think that I was really happy to learn is that you don't have to start yourself to get fit. There's a lot of bad information out there about calorie restriction. Not that you can eat everything that you want to. You can eat and be full and you have a lot of healthy foods and you don't have to always be hungry. When my husband and I first got married we would buy cheap pizza and hamburger helper and a lot of the quick and easy stuff. Over the years we got away from that but we still weren't even quite as well as as we should. There are a lot of clean foods that I eat that I never even tried growing up. I didn't know the benefits of eating them. Things like avocado, some spare, I guess, sweet potatoes. Those are some of my favorite foods now. I eat six or seven meals a day. Usually every two to two and a half hours. For my sources of protein I really like chicken and lots of carbohydrates. I really like sweet potatoes, brown rice and I like getting a lot of my carbs from vegetables. As far as for my healthy fat I did just recently discover home and butter and it's amazing so I don't buy it very often because I have issues with portion control on that. But I love peanut butter and so peanuts, almonds, avocados, a lot of those that this is the source of my feedback. I have a sweet tooth and I've discovered that sugar can really derail me for quite a while. So I've tried to go more towards savory teeth like pizza or beans. For me I tried to just have one cheap meal a month. I tried to do a cheap meal once a week and for me it didn't work because I wouldn't do a lot of the progress that I had made earlier in that week. On the claims we prepare the same way most of the time because it makes it easier for our daughters to see familiar things. Since they're used to eating those same foods over and over every once in a while I'll change that but for the most part we just need to keep it the same for them. I really think that when you start when they're little they learn what you need to introduce to them. So they do love broccoli. They love sweet potatoes. They love chicken. All the foods that we eat, they eat. When we go to a restaurant I usually pull up the menu before we go and take a look at what they have and make sure that there's a healthy option. Once I get to the restaurant I can make it in forms, decision on what I'm ordering and asking until we go. The butter and oils that there may be on common food. My definitely think that supplements are a vital part of my overall success in fitness. I don't think you have to have them to get in shape that I think they are so helpful. I really like to keep it simple with supplementation. I don't think it's necessary to go overboard in everything that's out there. So I just think the things that I know are going to help me meet my goals and leave it at that. I like to use a pre-workout and BCAA, CLA, EFA and a protein-counter. As far as pre-workout I get a bit of a forecloth in the morning and so the caffeine in a pre-workout really helps me wake up and get going. I've just, I've had a lot of success with those. They help me feel strong. I get the most out of my workouts when I take them and I know some of these different when I go out. CLA is one that I first started out a few years ago. I read that it's something that occurs naturally in foods and helps you break down fat in your body. Just like that, the idea is nice, easy thing to add just to give me a little bit of the mixture edge and that loss. Our family is not consumed a lot of dairy and so I prefer ed protein but when I'm out, I need a quick meal replacement. I keep packets of way protein handy and those are great to help me feel full and go on with my errands and do the right thing to do. I think the best thing for people to do is to start off simple and maybe a pre-workout supplement and a protein counter and maybe a multi-biagment. To start reading up on the other ones and see what they do, what they're intended for for this is. And match that up with what their personal goals are and see if that's something that they might need. I've had a lot of people whether it be an military member, family member, some friends, all tell me that they're willing to give it a shot because I did and they've seen that you don't have to have a personal trainer. It doesn't have to be expensive, you just have to have the discipline to do it. My mom is the most recent example. She's signed up for a transformation challenge on how to go to the Win.com and is going to hit R for 12 weeks so I can't wait to see if it happens. So if anyone has any questions for me and you need words of encouragement or with likes and more details, then they can look for me on my body space which is RDF in zero three. So for more content and articles like this, keep coming back to Bodybuilding.com. Thank you.