Our manager could tour and head with bodybuilding.com. This is the action movie of all action movies. If you're into that genre of film, you're going to love this. I really really anticipate this movie coming out. I just saw it for the first time in a screening and was very pleased. It lives up to its billing and there's a remarkable group of guys that came together to make this movie. I was excited about the opportunity and I like the character I read the script and like the tone-roader. I thought he was interesting and in some ways he captured some of who I am or a combatant. It was a little bit different since it worked but it caused the educated guy to fight for it. It would be working with guys like Jason Stiff and he was at Leigh and Nicky or if you tear you cruise and golf on there. It was ridiculous to guys. All the guys got along well with this kind of a particular electricity when all the expendables came together on a set for scenes and stuff, especially the first couple times. We had fun telling jokes and being silly on set to a background still on to be very very intense. I mean he's wearing a lot of hats, he's really directing it plus he was in front of the camera for it. I don't know how he was still standing. It's a lot of fun. I'm going to enjoy it. I'm going to go through one of the expendable workouts and he's one of the workouts that helps me peak for fights and puts me in the kind of shape that you'll see him in the movie. This is all more straightforward and because we're still 10-11 weeks away. As we get closer, we'll start adding more cardio stuff. I think the biggest thing that I learned is especially as I transitioned from wrestling and I started out with a national team to fighting is that I was continually overtrained. It wasn't me lying my body, trying to take my lying my body, trying to recover, I eat my hungry and I tried to eat a lot, tried to eat greens a lot because they're very out flying. They counted the rest of the media that we build up between him and stressing everything else in our bodies. The carbs, earlier in the day to go meals and the past is in the rice. It didn't think they'd get earlier in the day and later in the day it brought teams to help recover after you look at it. It's fine in those partners that share those goals. It's easy when you're just to you to just get an entire day going this morning. But when I know that other guy's going to show up, maybe he isn't going to show up, but you think he's going to show up. Then a lot less likely to let him down. You'll come up with a reason to lay yourself down and talk yourself out. It's fine in those partners that you don't want to let down. You're going to show up for this before. And then again, keeping it simple, more complicated and cumbersome it is. The harder it's going to be to sting. It has to be alive stuff. It's fine. The diets are dirty with you. Those are all temporary minds that can incorporate things. Change your eating habits. Forget the diet. Change your eating habits. It first gets hard, but after a couple of weeks, you've been pretty soon for them to eat greens, try to get the bag and to be growing them down. The plate and the dressing and all that stuff. Occasionally, you'll fall off the wagon. It's okay. You'll have the ice cream, and you'll have the cookies and you'll probably feel hung over the next day. I'm going to put you get right back up and keep going and it's okay. You don't get away with it because you're doing it. Let's see what it does. Experience is where you just keep pitching yourself. I grew up on Rock and Ram Bowen and then to now be working with the guy. I am the rest of that cast for that matter. It was pretty remarkable. It was a great experience. So, the movie comes up 13th of August. I've got to fight on the 28th of August. So I'm just now ramping up, peaking phase, you're the ripping of the jade and great shape for that fight. At first, you have seen Boston, you have seen one 18 and the welcoming Mr. James Tony, the former old champion in boxing to the mixed martial arts, so it should be a lot of fun as well. Thanks for taking the time with me today. For more content like this, check out Bodybuilding.com. I'll see you soon.