Hey, buddybuilding.com. This is Rich Frowning, two-time CrossFit Games Champion, BSN Athlete, Rogue Fitness Athlete, and we're here at Rogue Fitness Headquarters, about show you guys a workout. Alright guys, the workout today we're going to do is 15-12-9-6-3 of shoulder to overhead pull-ups and 30 double-unders in between each set. So the 15-12-9-6-3 you're actually going to do 15 shoulder to overhead and 15 pull-ups. Then you're going to do your double-unders and 12-12-12-12-9-9 all the way down to the free. Now before we do the workout I'm going to bring Ben in and we're going to show you actually how to do the movements and then also how to scale the movements. If you're not, you can't do the exact weight we've described or the exact movement, we'll show you a few different options to do this workout. Alright, so the first movement we're going to show you is the shoulder to overhead. There's a few different variations you can actually do with this. You can just shoulder press, push press or push jerk. So I'm going to show you all three options. Push jerk, you're going to use, it's probably going to be the most efficient, especially when it gets heavier. You're going to use the most muscular jerk. You can start with the bar on the ground or you can start with it in the rack. You kind of up to you. What Ben's going to do is his feet are going to be right underneath his hips. Hands just outside the shoulders. So he's going to, for this, he's going to act like he's taking it from the ground. He's actually going to clean it up, making sure he's got a good flat back. The bar is actually going to rest here on his shoulders. His elbows are going to be up slightly, but not too far up, not like he's in a front squat down just a little bit, but they're not going to be behind the bar because what happens with behind the bar, then you're pushing the bar out. We want this bar to go straight up and down as possible. The whole time Ben is doing this movement. We're going to start with the shoulder press with the shoulder press. He's just going to press it up. He's going to tuck his chin, shave his face. He's got good active shoulders at the top. He's going to pull his ribcage down, good tight core. Protect that spine. We got good support all the way through the movement. Coming back down to the same exact bar path. The more straight up and down we can go, the more efficient it is, the better it is, the safer it is. So from the shoulder press, we'll move to the push press. So now we're going to add just a little bit of velocity. You start getting tired out. You want to save your shoulders a little bit, use the legs. He's going to just quick little dip of his knees. He's going to drive it up. Using the momentum, he gets from that dip from his hip. He's not actually, so bring it back down. He's actually going to use that little drive. He gets little momentum on the bar and then just continue the press. Just like the shoulder press. But he's just going to add a little bit of dip with his knee, keeping his chest good enough right. One thing he's not going to do is dip his chest forward because then the bar is going to go out once again. We want to keep this bar over his center of mass the whole time. If we can, safer, more efficient, easier. The final movement will be the push jerk. Basically the same exact dip is the push press. This is the same press as the shoulder press. All he's going to do is retreat just slightly under the bar and receive it when he goes to catch it. So go ahead and drive it up. He's caught it here. What he's going to do to finish the movement though, he's going to go ahead and stand all the way up. Every time we do the movement, we want lock knees, shoulders all the way up, torso, good and tight. Bar all the way overhead. We don't want that bar too far back when we're over extending the shoulders. We don't want that bar out in front of us because that's not a full rep. We want to make sure it's a full rep every time. You can bring back down to his shoulders. He's going to do a few, four-year cycle. If he does widen his feet out, he's going to bring his feet in. He's going to bring his feet in. There you go. In between reps. All right, so the next movement we're going to show you is the pull-up. Everybody knows how to do a pull-up. The first variation will be a strict pull-up. Just like the shoulder presses, the, I guess, the dumbed down version. You just pull up chin all the way over the bar. Fully locked out at the bottom. Still has active shoulders at the bottom. He's not just letting himself fall down and letting those shoulders fall out of joint there. So he's still active here, but he's fully locked out at the bottom. Next what we'll do is we will add a little bit of velocity to it. Just a kipping pull-up. So he's actually a lot of people get the negative, oh, they're just flailing around on the pull-up bar, but we're the whole point of the kipping pull-up is to increase the work done in short and amount of the shorter amount of time. What he's actually going to do is it's not really a foot-driven movement or a leg-driven movement. It's more right here in the core. He's actually going to go ahead and get a little swing and he's going to kip himself up there. chin still over the bar. Shoulder still locked out. Still active shoulder. That's a regular kipping pull-up right there. So we'll move kind of like we did. The shoulder press to the push press to the push shirt. He did a regular kip right there. The next is what they call the butterfly kip. It's a little bit different of a kip and it's a little faster so you can get a little bit more work done even faster. So here's a jim or butterfly kip. chin still over the bar. Still active shoulders. Safe movement. Now if you have to just like the shoulder press where you can take weight off, what you can do with the pull-up is you can either do it on a pull-up assisted pull-up machine. You can use a band, hook your foot in the band to assist you. You can do jumping pull-ups from the box. You can do inverted rows if you need to. For however challenging you want to make it. All right the final move into the workout double-unders. A lot of people hate these. So there's a couple of things. The rope's going to go around twice for every jump. One of the common faults that we see is a lot of people when their hands are out. We can bring your hands out. What they'll do is they start bringing their hands out with shortens the rope so then you start bustling yourself in the shins. We want to keep those hands pretty close to you. Slightly in front of you. Try not to go too far behind. Don't let them come up. You want to try to keep them just. Arms bent, relaxed. A lot of people get frustrated. They try to it turns into more of a painful experience than a positive experience. So when we have been to a double-unders for you, it's more of a timing issue than anything. All right so the way we can scale that movement is single-unders. A regular single-jumpel seat bend can do that. We don't do many singles often. For this particular workout what we'll have you do is if you're going to scale it to single-unders just double the single-unders. So instead of doing 30 you're doing 60 singles. So bend's going to do try to do a few single-unders as he looks like a little schoolgirl. So he's good. Another way you can scale this is you can also do plate jumps. You can get a little plate. Just have the person jump up to the plate. Or you can actually take the barbell have somebody do a lateral hop over the barbell. A few different options. If you can't do more than five or ten double-unders without whipping yourself or kicking the double-unders, don't do double-unders because you're kind of missing the point of the workout. It's wanted to be hard going to be fast. All right so now I'm going to show you what this workout actually looks like. This workout really for anybody. It's a more of a pure crossfit workout you know it's a metabolic conditioning circuit so there's no special group. It was targeted towards this just a null around just a good little workout. There's a push-up hole. As soon as the press starts to become an issue you switch to a pulling movement. So then when the pulling movement becomes an issue then this is the double-unders and then you know so it's just a good keep you moving. Good fast quick little burner. Nothing fancy just just get some work out. I was never a show body builder but I mean I did the body building type the chest and back by try legs. It started doing crossfit and then just kind of as a supplement type thing then just fell in love with it and haven't looked back sense. I want 35 for 45 reps. It's a little heavy you know it's not a strength. What it's say it's going to help you with your strength. It'll help you a little bit muscular endurance. It's going to help you cardiovascular endurance wise. Help you with grip. It's going to help you with coordination. I mean it's a lot of reps to get some practice on the movements. You know like I said once you start getting fatigued with the press switched to a pull after the pull the double-unders just just get you out of breath. You know tax of form just a little bit enough to make the pull-ups not as easy. So it's pretty good little you know like I said just keep you moving. No real breaks in there. The only break is the transition time so. You know we say it's infinitely scalable and it really is. We talked about how you could take each of the movements the press and you could back it down to however your your skill level. You know if you don't have the coordination to push jerk just shoulder press you know you don't you don't need that velocity on there you're still getting the work done you're still doing the movement. We're not really changing the movement. We're just you know adding a little bit of speed to it you know, recruiting a little bit one last year. Let's do that type of thing. Same thing with the pull-up and the double-unders. I mean you could really take this down to the to a basic level to where anybody could literally do it. Even if they have a shoulder issue they could do it with a PVC pipe they could do it with five pound dumbbells. Something like that and that's what's great about CrossFit is anybody can do it. Yeah so into this workout probably five minutes under is probably your elite or you know those movements are good for you. It's a fast time. Five to seven minutes maybe a little over seven minutes is is real good and then you know just kind of maybe two or three minute increments from there take it up. It kind of really depends too as how you're scaling it. You know the target is to be within that five to seven minute range of scale appropriately you know scale to where you can get it in that five to seven minute range once you get over that seven minute range you kind of miss the purpose of why we did the workout you know if it's over seven minutes not hard and fast that's long and not slow but you're you're kind of losing the the whole point of why we're doing it. So the CrossFit workouts you could add you know would it's could be your cardio day or you know whatever you you feel like you need to work on or incorporate them into the different lifts into to your body building routine but I honestly think that anybody can benefit from doing CrossFit and I think once you start doing it it's a lot more fun it's a lot less meninas it's it's interesting there's you know so many different things to do. For more information more work out similar to this for bodybuilding.com you