I'm Ronny Razor, 2014 Body Space Sports Fin winner. I am a IRDB Pro Mancer Z competitor, GM Manager and my personal friends. This play sports growing up, I grew up running racing no shoes on them streets with friends and playing basketball, football and all through high school, playing basketball football and ranch racquet. So I got a really athletic background. When I was younger, I was just slim and skinny. Light way, blowing the wind, tie a guy. And the wild thought I could never put on pounds. I was also thinking that working out, eating and I wasn't gaining anything. I was at one, I was complaining to a GM, like, man, I can't put on those pounds. I wasn't consistent working out, I'm at that. I was consistent, I'm workout, not start. But what was consistent as I ate a lot of food all the time? That just went back and forth and eventually I went from filing breaking 200 to stop getting weight. Working out in local gyms where I live and a buddy of mine is a trainer. Tell me how should look at him in a trainer. I don't know, I enjoy working out sometimes, but I don't know if we have the lifestyle or leave your knee burgers, man. I'd come on to be out there and be a trainer. He'd do just get certified for a trainer to try it. So I took his word on it and looked at some sort of occasions. He came a trainer. And even in the first couple years of your trainer, I wasn't still dead the same stuff. I trained at clients, things like that. And kind of do as I say. And how does that do? At this point where I woke up and realized that I wanted to change my life. And it was because I had ran across Mississippi, which is a IVBNPC category. So I feel so much better. Obviously, I look great. When you look great and feel great, it shines. People see that. It's contagious. It's a difference between cockiness and being confident. And I feel like you naturally show confidence and positivity when you're in me. When you feel good about yourself. I'm a slow rep, lightweight kind of trainer. I use this lip heavy and it's trying to so much joints. And I appreciate that concept. Go heavy, that's fine. But new clients come in into the gym and don't know a lot about weight training. And things like that were wearing two forecount downs, floating up, control movements. 30 seconds breaks in between. I believe in their cardio and disguise type theory. That's what I call it. It's that if you work out a high intensity, you're getting a cardio in. cardio is getting your heart rate up, whether it's you running, or whether you're weight training, your heart rate still up. That's still a cardio. Monday, I just started a new program. So I'm on reflect of now. So I do chest and back. I'm a Tuesday, it's legs and shoulders. Wednesday, our arms. And in Thursday, I'll go back into my chest and back again. And then I always don't even calves, traps, abs, kind of just whenever, always mix and hit. So that's kind of just all the time, after a workout. So I do cardio every day pretty much. And I play basketball three, four times a week. So, you know, I am not your distance runner. I'm not your 12 mile guide. I'm a sprinter and basketball player and then I'm a football player. Those are a spurred exercises where you're boom and then you're stopped. So you boom, so that's how I tailor my training. I'll get done with a head with a nice workout. I finish it off with 25 burpees, 30 second break. One minute jump and jacks, 30 seconds break. And then I'm intense. If you see me in a trail meal, I'm doing sprint drills. So in a short amount of time, I feel like I get the same workout. If not, to me, more intense than you would just run into 12 miles in a trip. You know, I switch it up. I always keep in a fresh, you're all resource. I'm a farm believer, it doesn't matter what you choose to do in the gym. People come with me all the time. Do you believe only in free weights or do you only believe in? Okay, well, I'm like, hey man, believe it. Where do you believe? Do everything. And even if I did, I ate the 12 reps. Next time I might do a 15 to 20. Or if I do incline dumbbell first, I'll, that might be third next time. You keep that theory always fresh, which in the order, switching the rep count, things like that, that's how you get results. People think I do abs all the time. I don't. I probably do abs a couple times a week. But it's proof and it's, I love it because when people talk me about that, that's a great transition that talk about nutrition. Because abs don't come from the gym. They don't. They come from what you be. They don't look great and look good and get results in the gym. And you want those to shine and reflect on your body. Starts nutrition. Are you small, man? So I actually post that on my gym. That's my never more in-class than spreading them out. And we're from two to four hours. You should never be eating to a point where you're stuffed a car cycle. So I do like a 3-1 theory. I do a 3-Low Carb Days, which is, I've usually under 50s range in carbs. But I'm getting more broccoli, as a spirit, as green beans, more of the green source carbs in. And I replace the higher car with higher good fats, like almonds, the con, walnuts, things like that. And now I flip it on that fourth day. I'm incorporating more carbs, sweet potatoes, you know, brown rice, those some oatmeal in. And I'm warm, I'm good fat. So if technically, if you look at the calorie intake, it's about even a drink a lot to water. You know, help regulate the sodium potassium intake in your body. You're going to have a cheat meal, conservative. Once a week, use it as a treat to yourself. You celebrate the greatness you did all week in the gym and nutrition. Go have that burger. Get right back to your hard work again. Yeah. Yeah. Burger pizza. Pizza pie, my weakness. You know, the problem with a diet, quote unquote diet, it's a short-term fix. That means that you're specifically going to do this four time. And it's no longevity in it. A nutritional plan, a structure, a lifestyle, supports everything you love. When I put a plan together for someone, it's not to say, hey, you must eat to lobby it. I don't like to lobby it. We're eating it anyways. That's not where it should be. Hey, I enjoy tuna. We're perfect. I enjoy pizza. Awesome. But let's go home. Let's get a week rest. Let's get a low saturated fat. Cheese. It's going to help your toppings. So what I do, my theory is I'll take what you enjoy. And I'll re-rap before you get back to you to a defeat what you like. And you'll stick with this forever. I guarantee you. I believe in all the using things that work. People hate to eat. They're about to already make a video. Okay, so the question is, do you not want to use something about your support? You see, there's that make people have more right to teach in the other. Yeah, with me, I don't get a lot of attention taking care of you. You would make possible do. But everybody's different. So I believe in it's not magic. It's not magic peel. But if you're already doing the right things, those things will help you. So assistance, I believe in assistance all day long. Way protein. It's awesome. If you're not wanting to calorie intake from the protein, maybe you might just want to do an alicart, which is the amino's only. So all depends on where I am and my nutrition. If I'm looking too low on my calorie intake, I won't do the protein power. I'll just do the amino's. I still get the same benefit from the same sources. I do a hearty vitamin, fish oil. I do love proteins that have more of an overall base to slow the fast, the egg, the way and the casing, all mixed in and one. So your release of your protein goes to after by throughout the day. I am a firm believer in that. But not necessarily barge me to only take those kind of protein. So, read, read, don't believe the hype. Don't fall into a brand name. You gotta take a brand name. You can't make your own supplements. There is brand name support everything. So you can't do it with that. What I mean is don't just do something because you heard it works. Do some research. Some things might work for you. My preach carbs slightly. I might say how do three-one carbs. I cut the carbs out of my diet for three days straight. I don't come down to everybody doing that. Maybe your body responds to carbs differently. So those are things you should figure it out first. Trailing air. I've used my own body as a test to have a trial and air. It really what it comes out to. The things I've talked about today are things I've firmly, firmly believe in. And man, I really love spreading the word. I'm not that, when you come here and ask me questions, I love it. I really want to do my part in helping every person understand what they're doing. You have any questions for me at all, any advice, anything you need for me. Find me more body space, Rodney Razor. And for more video content like this, keep coming back to BodyBillin.com.