Training is about paying it forward. The biggest guy in the gym, ship it in nicest, most helpful guy in the gym. I'm muscle militia captain Ronnie Milo, an IPA at forward. What we're training today is legs. We're going to start with calves and roll into our hamstrings and our quads. The goal is to get a good volume based workout, to get a good contraction in the muscle, and be sacrificed in a little bit of the weight today for more of a form. When you concentrate a little bit more form, I think you really get down to an inedity grid of breaking down your muscle to build some out. So today's workout is eight exercises, starting off with calves, rolling into hamstrings and then quads. So today we're moving on a fast pace. Should take no more than 60 minutes. So the first exercise today is going to be seated calf raises. I like to typically warm up a little bit, anywhere from rep range, 15 to 20 reps. You get to kind of blood in the muscle a little bit. Then when I feel a little bit more comfortable, then I start loading up the weight. I like to work backwards, heavy to light. You want to kind of concentrate on the balls of your feet. You're pushing off your big toe more than that rest of your toe. Just to give that concentration the right on that medial head. So I go into the standing calf raise because I like the variation of the different angle or the muscle. Now for the rep range, I do a good warm up set. Then I can go right into the heavy weight or three sets. The first one, you know, eight to ten and then drop ten percent of the weight. And then go from ten to twelve, drop ten percent of the weight. Just go as much as you possibly can. And I don't use any kind of platform to pull my feet on or any kind of a plate or anything like that because I feel that. If you go past ninety degrees that you put a lot of stress on your killie's tendon. But also to it doesn't really take a lot of stress off that muscle. So you can work out harder and longer. So we're done with a calf from the roll into some hamstring exercises. And the first exercise we're going to do is some seated hamstring curls. We're pretty much going to do three sets. We have a good warm up set. But then we're going to work heavy to light. You know, dropping ten percent of the weight. You know, rep range we're going to go obviously first set with the heavy set. We're going to go from eight to ten and then we're going to go from ten to twelve. And then we're going to drop ten percent again from twelve to pretty much failure. If you're going at a fast rate you're not going to feel it as much as possible. So a nice slow steady tempo and just pretty much concentrate on the exercise and that, you know, contraction. This one's going to be using the late press machine. But we're going to do a variation of it. We're going to keep our feet very high on the platform almost to your heels or just the only thing on the platform. At that time, we're going to come down to 90 degrees and then we're going to actually push on our heels. And that's going to actually engage the most of your hamstrings. Definitely get a good warm up set with it. And then, you know, we're going to go as heavy as possible depending on your weight or what you're comfortable with. You know, to get a good set between six to eight reps. Then we're going to go from ten reps to twelve. And then the next set we're going to drop ten percent. We're going to go, you know, we're going to finish now twelve to failure. So we're going to roll into now is the stiff leg of that left. You could do two different variations. You could use the barbell. You could use the dumbbells. I choose the dumbbells because I feel that you can control the weight a little bit better. But we're going to do three sets. You're pretty much should been warmed up by now. So we can go right into a comfortable weight. Nothing too heavy that you're really going to, you know, hurt yourself on. You can go six to eight reps again. Drop ten percent. You know, we're going to go ten to twelve. Drop ten percent for the third one. And then we're going to go from twelve to failure. I like to keep the dumbbells close to my body to, you know, drive from the heel. And then come all the way down to get a good stretch. You know, it's where it's not painful, but it's where it feels comfortable. And then start this rep again. So we're going to roll into the quads now. Our first exercise is going to be forming in the leg extension. So I like to do singles first for a little warm up and then obviously roll into a heavy set. We're going to be doing three sets. The first one's going to be at a pretty heavy weight, but comfortable enough that, you know, you're not putting too much stress on the knees. So we're going to be forming six to eight reps with that one. The second set we're going to drop ten percent. And we're going to be forming a ten to twelve reps. And then for the third one, for the set, we're going to drop ten percent. And then we're going to finish it out 12 to maybe failure. Back in the day, I used a gym that the legs led was inverted. So I'm trying to replicate it here with this Smith machine. Not every gym has a Smith machine or not every gym has it inverted leg press, but you know, you could be creative on your own. To set it up, I mean, it all depending on your gym and what you guys have. Today we're using the box, but you want to obviously set it up underneath that, you know, you're going to be almost at a 90 degree angle from the bar. We definitely recommend you put the stops up just in case. Safety first. So we're going to do three sets. The first set obviously is going to be your heaviest. Tips on this one is really to concentrate on that quad that's going to help me build out some outer sweep and some inner thigh and thumb on stage. I can look more three-dimensional with that with L.A. exercise. So now we roll into what I like to do is a finisher. I can do some walking lunges. You can do a stationary if you'd like, but I like to do walking lunges. Obviously to get some momentum going and it makes it up a little bit. So I do probably two sets. What I like to try to do is take a weight that's comfortable that could do, you know, ten reps each leg. Take a little bit of break and then repeat the process. Yeah, this one, it's a wake-up call. It takes a lot of adiah, you know, to do them. You've got really concentrated on your form of this and a lot of people say don't put your knees past your toes. It all depending on, you know, on what you feel comfortable with if you want to go halfway down, if you want to go all the way down, but you want to really make sure that you're putting that emphasis on that quad, that hamstring and that glue. The details of this workout are broken down on this page below. If you guys want to follow me, you can see me on Instagram, body space or Facebook. For more videos like this from the Muslim militia, come back to bodybuilding.com.