BSM. Finish first. He is the eight-time Mr. Olivia, the cornerstone of Team BSM, and the winningist IFBB for a bodybuilder of all time. He is the legendary Ronnie Coleman. In 2006, Camerochrom has followed Ronnie for nearly a year for an unprecedented look at the day-to-day life of this remarkable athlete. Since then, footage has been unseen and unreleased. Until now, this is Ronnie Coleman, the undiscovered footage. In 2006, you competed for your ninth consecutive Mr. Olivia, finishing second to J. Cutler. Now someone say you never should have lost that night. He's nothing away from J. I know you respect J. But do you still feel you were the better man that night? As far as 2000s it goes, the guy that won that night, if you want my opinion of it, the guy that won that night, I shouldn't have won. I think I should have won that night. That's always been my view on that. Probably I would be my view on that. I won the eight-and-a-ro and hadn't too much change with my physique. Maybe I'll just maybe a tad bit not as sharp as I was a year before, but I was still my same old self. There's no doubt in my mind, I was a far better man than night. Far better than the man than night in 2006. Can you take a specter to the 2006 Mr. Olivia? 2006, okay. Awesome. Why do you think the judge placed him second? That's amazing. The 2006 Mr. Olympia. That's the very first Mr. Olympia I've ever been to. I'm sitting in the weder booth, you know, enjoying myself. I call do some joint-making a little bit eating, you know. Looking down, saw Ronnie come out as Moses, it's like, oh man, this is all him. Then when a call came, you know, I was like, whoa, did I just see that? That kind of inspired me to be a bodybuilder in a lot of ways, motivated me because when you see somebody that's so great and so magnificent, actually, you know, not doing what you expecting new, I'm not saying that he should have lost. My no means. I thought he should probably should have won that night. But just to see that, that was like, what? Any day is possible. Do I have a favorite Ronnie moment? I like Ronnie in the gym. That's my favorite Ronnie moments. Anytime Ronnie is in the gym he's enjoying it. He's being a quirky, you know, he got all this saying. Yeah buddy, live with you know. Yeah buddy. You know, all that kind of stuff, you know. I like Ronnie's in his element, you know, he could just be Ronnie. So, you know, he keeps you laughing, you know. For this town, it was $proachhouse in South America. The 2018 campus that got coming to how it's getting to light.