Chasing the dream. Chasing the dream. Chasing the dream. It's incredible. 10 out of 10. That is the Mill with Beating. We too. Let's get after it this week. Today I've got my easy run. Five miles of conversational pace. So I'm going to try and live in that 7.45 world. Once we got track night once again which has been really really nice, I feel like on the track I've been finding my best strides. We now start racing for more than miles which is really exciting. We got four races that are coming up. On the hill, pinned to pin midnight mile and four by one by four. So stay tuned for all that information. So I've been going on a light sport so I've been busy and tired of that. I'll take you and kind of my editing flow and what I've been doing at work on the day today. And yeah, the coming into my nine to five this week. We've seen me teaching class and sub-studios on the partner at and more or less just coming to my day today. Alright, so we are on set today at LightSport. We had trained our Jill and Lisa come in today. I've been with LightSport for now almost four years and it's been an incredible ride. I love my job. I love working in the space. We are a augmented reality fitness product. We have a ton of different workouts from strength to boxing and a total body and more. And I run the talent and production side. My job is making sure that the footage goes from the green screen room through our editors through QC passing and then into the app. My job can be a lot sometimes but it's the best job in the world and I truly mean that. So yeah, today you're at work with me. You're ready to meet some of our trainers. I'm feeling energized, ready to go, set up for the rest of my day. I'm feeling good. Yeah, that's a wrap. Okay, a few reps in. It's hot, a few minutes but I got the work done. We are six, 600 meters down. So we're doing them in A, B, switch rolling 600 today. A tempo, B tempo. A tempo is about our 90% threshold. B tempo is our 70. So we started with that B600 meter. Did about 10 to 15 seconds of recovery that went into that A and then we're taking about a 30 second walk in between each set. So they're wrapping up their first set. Now we're going to have a little bit of fun. We're doing a little bit of 600 rolling relays and just get people encouraged and moving together and have fun and really take those breaks in between to connect with people. I'm chasing the dream. She's chasing the dream. She's incredible. She's 10 out of 10. It's what he tickles. Not a fraudulent. Oh, well. I feel like fraud. Well, he's actually. I don't know. I don't know what I can hear from like it's here. It's here. Are you running? No, no. Everything that you need for a 20 mile runs. We got 20 miles today. The biggest thing that we're going to be doing is going about 60% effort. For me, what I pack on my runs first is my gels. So these are my favorite gels out there. These are the cysts, signs, and sport. I used a 2D fruity flavor. It is the best gel I've ever used. It's not sticky. It has more of a smoothie like texture than a paste like texture. That is a little more sticky here. It gets on your hands. Super easy, really, really tasty. The variety pack that they have has a ton of different flavors. So I don't work with this, but this is probably the best gel that you can get. This thing I use is a hydroflast. So this is from on. I used this for the half marathon, and I loved it. It's really compact in your hand. The best part is as soon as you're doing drinking it. If you have some electrolytes in there. Super compact. You can literally fold this up. It's awesome in your pocket. I can continue to run. Or if you want to just hold it in your hand. It's really light at that point. I know that there's going to be water stations. I know you can run to every single water station, but I like having some electrolytes either in the front half of the back half. Foam roll. Which is kind of crazy that you're going to be like Anthony what? But I always foam roll before I run just to wake my muscles up. But also just a flush and you kind of lack the gas that might be in these trickier spots out of my body before I run. I used the cloud monster hypers from on. I have probably over 100 miles in these shoes. They are my favorite running shoes I've ever used. I race in the echoes, but you could easily also race in these shoes as well. The triton side I always encourage just eating maybe a banana and a rice cake or a banana and some kind of honey stinger or something. You can just get in your body, maybe a little waffle or something. But that way you're not running on an empty stomach. I think you definitely have some calories in you before you go for a run. And then last but not least, a watch. There's a ton of them out there from Garmin to Corros to Apple Watch. And whatever can give you the most real time data, I think is your best bet. I previously used the Napal Watch and I just felt like the data wasn't as accurate as my Garmin has been. This is a Garmin for runner. So I think investing in a good running watch is crucial as you're doing your marathon training. So yeah, we got 20 miles today. I'm going to recap it mile over mile. So stay tuned and let's get after it. 20 mile. We're going to get after it today. We're going to do this thing. Model one, 829, how to? 828, how to? 835. Well, 4 895, 815, how to? 6 817, 806, how to? 828, how to? 9755, how to? 10, 812, how to? 11, 820, how to? 12, 814, how to 13? 812, how to 14? 843. How to 15? 908? 916, 903. We're all 17, 917, 18, 1018, 19, 1016, 20, 858. 20 miles, overall pace, 839. Definitely feeling it. Oh, what's that? Candle. Good dog. I'm soroning. Yeah. I'm soroning. Good dog. Small lucky has been a good boy. This is like going to be sent out to franchises. Do you want to be on that? This is legit work. Wait, wait. What? Yeah, Michael, what's not on, Joe? Guys, Michael, what is it on, devil? Sunday AM, push, pull up, everybody. Focus, focusing to start on some try-speaks tensions. Let pull down, single arm rows, and some pull ups, which has been really crucial for keeping my chest nice and bright on these runs. Then we got into our Sunday Community 5K run with more of the miles. A great turnout, great energy, great vibes, we're growing week over week. I'm calling these driving boots out. I'm going to do recovery. So these compression boots have been a game changer for me at least. I use them probably once to twice a week. Easiest part is that it all just kind of comes together wireless because you can charge the normatech by itself. So you actually don't need cable plugged in at all times. I just kind of normally have this plugged in like this. Then I turn this on and they all sink. I normally just go at like a level 7, but this will start to fill up and then as these start to inflate, I get a little bit of compression, but they also have different settings where I can do a little bit of massage, I can do continued pulsing, I can target certain areas. So if I just want to do my feet ankles, I can do that as well. I'll do these recovery sessions and answer any kind of questions you guys have in the comments on YouTube. So next week when we get into this, I'll pull out my phone. I'll answer any kind of questions that you guys might have, whether it's your first marathon or recovery or nutrition or whatever that might be. Alright, so the session is complete. And to be kind to my wife, I'm going to make sure that I put all these pillows back and clean up this mess. But yeah, next week we'll do recovery questions.