Alrighty, this is the last time we were talking to the camera before the race so so Alright team, so we are getting ready to head out the door to go to Berlin. This is the moment. This is the marathon moment. Yeah, we're doing it. A lot of thoughts and a lot of emotions going into this but my bags are packed. Mission starts right now. Alright, so we are on the plane. Getting ready to take off. Got about eight hours until we get to Stockholm and then I got about two hours until we get to Berlin. So it's total, we got about nine hours on the plane. Plain is pretty packed but as soon as we get into Stockholm, shake it out. Soon as we get to Berlin, pick up the bib and then we're kind of off to the races. We are heading to the train now. Well, we're going to hide for a hot second. We're like, we're like, wait a minute. Why do we not know how to get to this train and there were little steps that say, train this way, literally, little steps. I'm putting all my trust in will. We gotta go. We gotta go. Let's do much shit. Get us out of here. Alright, so we are here in Berlin. We are at the check-in for bib pickup for the 50th anniversary of Berlin marathon. They've got a ton of great stuff here for today. Really, really cool. All names. They're just open everything up. We got a deetus, we got Abbott. We got BMWs, our major sponsors along with Morton. So I'll take you guys inside to the expo and we'll take a peek at all that on there. So we're at bib pickup. It's a little chaotic at the moment. Definitely. People sprinting all over the place, pick up these bibs. So we just picked up our bib, but we are now in the kind of merchandise section expo-wise. And there is a ton of stuff here, which is super cool. Day one is wrapping up. I am heading out to go back to the hotel for the first time. We see Coach Ben over there, which is going to be exciting. I haven't seen Coach Ben the entire time I've been here. Either way, go home, hydrate, rest. Oh, that kind of good stuff. And then we're off to the races from there. We are, we are in need of protein, right Ben? I think it's a bad day because there's no protein in the area. But we are on our way back home. So it's by a couple of the pop-ups today. We went to the band of pop-ups, the tracksmith's pop-up, shout out to Jerry, shout out to the tracksmith's fam. We went over to the pitters pop-up and then we tried to get Ben's bib. But that wasn't in the equation today because their printer was now. So... See situation nowadays? No, the glissio-jouacid. Not good at all. Also Ben hasn't had protein today, so Ben, how do you feel? I feel like my muscles are dry. So we're on a way to find protein and then grab something quick, maybe some chicken or something quick bite. Then go back to the hotel, do a little upper body body weight, push-up dips, stuff like that. And then grab dinner tonight and chill, drink water, sleep in tomorrow. We got some shake-outs. And I think he got bib big though. And he still has got to do his bib pick-up. So we got shake-outs, we got bib pick-up, and then we rest for the rest of the day. And not do anything. But Berlin, you have not let us down. It's beautiful here. And yeah, if you're going to come with us tomorrow to a couple shake-outs. So I just finished documenting the Adidas Berlin Shake-out. I'm going to head home. I've got to do a shake-out myself. So I'm about to get some miles in. I'm a huge shout out to the Adidas Fam. Everybody was great today. So I'm going to be heading home. Doing a little shake-out myself. And then, right into editing. I'm happy that I was on an electric bike today as well. I didn't have to pedal at all pretty much. So my legs feel good and fresh. So we are on our shake-out run. A little reflection, 24 hours before the Berlin marathon. I think a lot about the times when I started this journey. And I really didn't know what I was getting myself into. I come from the track and field space, 400, 800, 1200, but not really long. This is more in the speed space. And I think what I've learned over this marathon is that anything is possible. I think I've learned that you can grow and do things over time that obviously scare you or evidently scare you. But at the end of the day, it's kind of up to you on how you want to attack. I think the biggest thing looking into tomorrow is just holding pace, feeling good the whole time. That's the one thing that I think as I dive into the longer miles is where does the marathon start. And how do I get to that next level, especially? So we're doing it y'all. Little 5K likes feel good, likes feel warm. So I'll put this camera away. I'm going to show you guys some scenes and we're going to get after it. I'll see you guys as soon as I get done with the 5K. Alright, so as you can see I'm on the floor, when I'm going to use this little small cross ball, just to be able to get some tension out of my calves. I'll have to give you any kind of crazy feet picture right now, but I have really tight calves. I've had tight calves for a while. So what I'm trying to do right now is break up any of that muscle. It's really tight. We are 12 hours away from the marathon. 12 hours has been. 12 hours from the marathon. We got this. We got this. So we team. So game plan for tomorrow. The goal is 330, which I'm super excited about, just be able to run through it. But either way I want to have fun and I think that's the best advice I've gotten from people like Coach Ben and some other incredible, incredible people that I've been able to work with over a few weeks and even this week at alone. But I think the biggest thing is enjoying it, taking it all in, not just running as hard as I can right out the gate, like really taking time and pace and understanding that. Like everyone has said, first 20 miles. It's the warm-up. The last 10k is the marathon. Last six miles. That's where it really comes all together. Excited to just, you know, trying and hold the pace for 20 miles. And then from there really let loose since you would I can do and heading to negative splits on the way back. So that's the goal. It's not pushed too heavy. Not pushed too hard. Enjoy it and then take it home strong. Coach Ben, it's race day. How are we feeling? Makes feelings. But I know it's going to be a fun day. We did the marathon. We just showered. We got home. It felt incredible honestly. It's a gold medal. I ran seven minutes under my goal. So very happy about that. And I didn't hit a wall, which was really good. And it's a lot of thanks to this guy right here. Coach Ben. No, I got to give you the flowers. These are up. He showed up. You can show up. You reap the benefit of showing up. Yeah. Four weeks in New York and then six weeks we got high rock Chicago. Let's go. So this week I'll be living on the skier in the bike and the roar. Getting ready for that as I'm doing. Thank you so much. I see everything about Berlin. Everybody's so nice. So nice. So, you know, it's been great. It's been awesome. But yeah, six weeks. Four weeks in New York City, Marathon and then six weeks the high rock Chicago. So we got a lot of stuff going on. But yeah, stay tuned.