Hey guys, I'm Samantha Ann Lee, Bodybuilding.com and Fitment Sponsored Athlete. And today I'm here to take you through my shoulder workout. So today's workout I structured it in the hypertrophy rep range. So we're going to be building those shoulders, making sure that we're rounding them out, hitting all angles of the dealt, front, middle, and back. We're also going to involve some bodyweight movements so that we keep your heart rate up through the whole workout. Today's workout has nine exercises and they're all grouped into three different triceps. Each tricep is composed of three different exercises and you're going to perform all three exercises with little to no rest before repeating that. And then you'll repeat each tricep for times each. For this workout we're going to be using a one to three tempo, meaning on the way up for every exercise you'll be doing one second and then you'll slow it down on the way down for three seconds each. This will really recruit all of the different types of muscle fibers and make sure that you're getting the best workout possible. Alright, let's get started. For the first tricep we're going to start with machine root out flies and then go right into upright rows and then handstand pushups. We're going to be starting with root out flies and the reps are going to be eight to twelve. These you want to select a weight that you'll be failing in that rep range and that you can really keep that tempo going the entire time. Because of the tempo you might have to select a lower weight but that's okay you'll still get a great workout. As you do this movement really focus on keeping your back tight and keeping the weight in your rear delts. Don't let it transfer into your traps. You can do this by making sure that you keep your elbows up through the movement and keep your hands at the same level as your shoulders. Moving to the second exercise of this tricep we're going to be doing upright rows keeping our reps between twelve to fifteen. With these your hand placement should be shoulder with the part and as you bring the bar up keep it close to your body and make sure to drive your elbows through at the end. And make sure keeping with the tempo we're taking three seconds on the way down. With this exercise we're really focusing on the mid-down. We're going to finish up this tricep with handstand pushups doing ten reps or until failure. For this exercise you'll just find a wall or somewhere that you can perform the handstand, place your hands a little bit wider than shoulder with a part and kick your legs up to the wall and then you can perform the regular push-up style only instead of targeting your chest we're targeting your shoulders because we're going up and down. If you're unable to do an unassisted handstand push-up I've also provided a breakdown of how to do an assisted push-up in the article below. So after you're finished with that first tricep take 30 to 45 seconds to rest and then repeat it three times. For our second tricep we'll be doing face pulls, side raises and walking planks. Face pulls will be doing eight to twelve reps and you want to set the cable machine to shoulder height. I get asked a lot where these should be pulling. You want to be keeping your elbows high and pulling them towards your face so that you keep the weight in your rear delts. The second exercise of this tricep is side raises. With these you want to make sure that you choose a weight that you can keep that one to three tempo that we talked about. So you'll probably have to drop the weight from what you're used to. We're going to be doing twelve to fifteen reps. With these you'll start with the dumbbells by your sides, bring them up to shoulder height, squeeze for a second and then take three seconds on the way down. This exercise targets our mid-dults. For the last exercise in this tricep we're going to be doing walking planks for twenty reps. For this exercise you'll start in a plank position. You may want to put more space between your feet. The larger the space between your feet, the easier the movement is and the closer your feet are together, the harder the movement becomes. With this exercise make sure to keep your butt down and your core tight and try not to rock from side to side as you perform the movement. This exercise may look easy but it's really hard because you're keeping tension in your shoulders the whole time and it will really cause your muscles to burn out. For a third tricep we're going to be doing shoulder press, front raises and shoulder taps. For the shoulder press we're going to be doing eight to twelve reps. Again you may have to drop the weight because it's at the end of the workout and we're going to keep with that one to three tempo. As you do this movement you'll want to angle your wrists in a little bit, almost like you're dumping out a cup of water onto your shoulders and then as you go up stop right before you're locked out and then bring it back down. Angling your wrists in and stopping before you lock out makes it to where you don't get a rest at the top and you're keeping the tension in your shoulders. For the front raises we're going to be doing twelve to fifteen reps. You'll start with the dumbbells in front of your legs and bring them up to the 90 degree angle with a slight bend in your elbows. For this workout I am doing both of the front raises at the same time but if you prefer you can do alternating. By this time in the workout keeping that one to three tempo might be really tough because your shoulders should be burnt out. But just keep pushing through. We're almost done and you can rest after the last try set. The last exercise in this try set is shoulder taps and we're going to do twenty to thirty reps. You'll start in the plank position again with your feet either wider to make it easier or closer to make it harder. Again you want to make sure your butt stays down and your core stays tight to ensure that you're not rocking from side to side as you do the movement. Once in the plank position you'll lift one hand to the opposite shoulder and then repeat on the other side. I would recommend if you feel like your shoulders are lagging and incorporate this workout twice a week. Otherwise just incorporate it on your shoulder day once a week. If you have any questions about this workout find my body space or you can hit me up on my Instagram, Twitter or Facebook. This full workout is broken down in detail on the page below. And for more videos and articles like this keep coming back to bodybuilding.com.