My mind is going into this routine alone with any routine. I'm not just been all day in the gym, I have a job, no more things to do. I'll slide up, just working out. So when I'm coming into the gym, I'm hardcore, and that's what is work I've routine is designed to only be 15 minutes. You're focused on what you're trying to achieve. You know it can't let the gym in and you're done. My theory is if you want to really have a high performance in a particular exercise, you start with it. If I start with that every routine before I do arms, it's been times and I've done curls and I feel like my abs are going to create work out. Simply because I started with that routine first. The first exercise in this workout is to hanging leg raise. The second exercise is to decline ab crunch. The third exercise is to build a ball of transfer crunch. The last exercise in the days workout is to have roll out. My rest periods from workout are typically 30 to 45 seconds in between each set. Once I've applied the point out before we get started with the workout, I'll grab all the equipment, put it in one section, and let's go. The first exercise in the days workout is to hanging leg raise. I'm going to do three sets of 12 to 15. I'll start with that being the first exercise because it's a pretty difficult exercise. Once again, back to my theory of if you really want to attack a particular muscle and with the most intensity, you want to start off with it. I feel like that when to me benefits the most and depending on what you go legs out or knees up, really targets the whole abs. You can be doing all bleaks as well as the same routine and your hanging. It makes it a little bit different. It makes it difficult to make it. I don't really take time out to warm up abs. I'm using my first set and abs as normally doing just by weight. So, that's what my first set, I noticed that I felt like the next one I could have definitely had some weight to it and I did. The most important point to remember why doing this exercise is to keep the elbows slightly bent to prevent swaying. Also keep the abs constricted to prevent swaying as well. As you can see in the video, I'll switch up my technique in the middle of the sets. I do knee raises, I do legs straight out and I do sides for bleaks. This allows me to hit different parts of my abs. The second exercise in this workout is the decline at crunch. I am doing three sets of 15 to 20. This pushes up a different target on the abs now. I mean, the first exercise we're hitting more lower abs and now we're going decline is hit more upper abs. The first exercise is a little bit lower in rep count. This one I went up a little bit for more muscle endurance. The benefit of switching up the technique in the middle of my sets is to basically kill my abs. I might start with a medicine ball. Go 5, 10 total reps, drop the medicine ball and keep going. You'll see me do alternating side side. I'll do reach for the silins where I'm kind of work on more of the upper abs. That's just really how blessed I have. And I'm at a how tired you are. You still go right back into a 30 to 45 seconds left. If you're fatigued and you feel like you can't get to your ideal number, you can still lower the bench down to achieve total amount of reps that you're looking at. The third exercise in this workout is the stability ball transfer crunch. I do three sets of 12 to 15. On the first exercise we hit lower abs. The second exercise was upper abs. This exercise actually targets both at the same time. If you notice so far in this routine we never did the same thing twice. Upper, lower, not both together. So in this particular exercise we both rushed back down to 12 to 15. Once again we're targeting more strength. Slightly into endurance when you creep into the 15, but mostly muscular strength in the belly band as well. While performing at exercise I never let my heels or ball or hand motions hit the floor. The reason behind is to keep the abs tight and strict with the whole entire time. Flexibility is what I'm not so important in this exercise. I'm really glad. You slightly bend the knee to bring the ball up. You don't have to really crunch all the way up. A lot of people in gym make a mistake by coming all the way off the floor to crunch up. That's really not the idea. This is tight knee abs into a crunch motion and come right back down. The last exercise that is workout is the abs rollout. I'm doing three sets of six to ten. Freeze rep you're going to be doing a four second negative. As you go down to the floor you're going to go four seconds. Now you're going to count your head one, two, three, four and it comes back up. As you become fatigued throughout this exercise don't be afraid to just rep them out. That four seconds my turn is just one second. So just blast a kill him. I just want to about rep that fat point. I recommend doing this two three times a week and it's just a great thing to always throw into your routines. Once again I've never really designated a specific day for abs. But what I mean by that is that I'm throwing abs in them any day after workout. Before workout this is a 15 to 25 minute workout depending on your skill level. It's never changed what your normal routine is. Chest and back day. Boom 15 minutes abs. Arm day. Right after words. This 15 minute abs. You have any questions for me at all. You can find me on body space, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, all-air Rodney Razor. I'll be having to answer any questions you might have. From what articles and videos like this, keep coming back to bodybuilding.com.