Every one I'm Sean Sarantos. I'm here with ViBold.com. A little bit about myself. I'm an active student member in United States Air Force. I do physical therapy and occupational therapy. I was chosen to be part of the Lift Life at Campaign with ViBold.com, which led me to be part of the team ViBold.com. I'm also the first ever male fitness model sponsored by Sidersports. Today I'm going to be talking to you about some physical and mental road blocks that I personally had to overcome. And hopefully they can help you overcome anything that you're going through in your life. I'm also going to be talking about my nutrition, my training program, and any kind of supplements that I use that you might be interested in. Well, anytime that you deal with an injury physically, you're going to have that mental state that goes back into the rehab, getting back to being functional the way that you used to be. Basically, you have to have that mindset of am I going to let a break me down or am I going to be strong or fort? After that injury coming into the gym is more of a word I go from here for a thing. For me, when I was stabbed, it took away all functioning the wrists. Almost 90% of my functioning the wrists for any kind of exercise. It took away any kind of functions in the chest for a good month and a half also. So for me coming in the gym, I can't do legs every single day as much as I would love to do that and everyone else loves to do legs every single day. Now I have to test everything out. See if it hurts, see if it doesn't hurt. What can I go all out in? What do I have to go happen into? I had to go at different angles on weights and basically, just start from scratch is what I had to do. It was frustrating but exciting at the same time because people would ask me what I'm doing and it gave me a chance to try to explain exactly what I was feeling, what I was going through and how I was helping me out. The three biggest things to overcome, probably the acceptance of how I'm injured, I'm not going to be able to do things I used to. The second thing is coming back into the gym, taking that step and saying, I don't know exactly what I can do but I'm not going to let it slow me down. I'm going to go ahead and do the best I can with what I can do. And the third part is, where am I going to grow from this? Maybe I'm not going to be able to be 100% ever again. How is that going to affect me? You really, really have to take a step back, look at you surroundings and not be shy to ask for help to ask questions because some people might know stuff, they might have gone through what you're going through now. So now that you've learned how I dealt with overcome certain roadblocks, mental and physically, let's go ahead and get into my training program and what helps me out. For me, I trained for at least five days, up to seven days. I don't have a split anymore. I try to write it down and exercise on a certain day but you know what, if I'm feeling squirrely and I want to do arms that day and then by God, I'm going to do arms. I have a set schedule of workouts. I know exactly what I'm going to lift. I write it out. The day I do it on is never up to me. I just go ahead and go in there and whatever my body says, I will break it into two most groups of day. So say I do Monday as chest norms, chest biceps, chest or triceps does matter. Two days I'll go ahead and do back and opposite one so my sets are tri-sips. Leg down Wednesday and Thursday and Friday right back to the Monday. Two days schedule, I think it works best for me to go ahead and get all the as much power and strength that I can get in the beginning of the week when I'm fresh. That's my big movement. That's what I try to do. Later in the week I'll go ahead and do those isolation movements. Try to get those cuts that people like to get. Try to get that muscle endurance is what I try to work on. Plus it gives me whatever back burner energy that I have to go ahead and do the cardio and the high intensity training that I do. Carrier for me I used to run marathon to do tri-athlons but I would burn so much. So many calories I could make up for it and the food I was eating with the day and my busy schedule was working in the military. So now I've taken up CrossFit and it worked great and burns exactly the amount of calories that I need to burn in a short amount of time. And I still get lift weights so it's like a win-win for me. I try to do the CrossFit cardio stuff at the most three times a week. If I can hit it one time then I'll find but my workouts are usually so intense with such little rest in between that I'm winded during the rest. I don't know if that means I'm at a shave but I hope I'm hoping that I'm winded because I'm getting damn good workout. My workout changes every week. I stick to the basics. I stick to squats for legs. You gotta have a squat. You gotta have a leg press for a bench. You gotta have the bench press. Flat bench bar goal press. But with those two or three exercises that I stick into my training program I'll change to the next three exercises. So I will always have those staple exercises, those foundation exercises that I do. But the second half of that muscle group is totally changed. If I had to do plyometric stagger pushups with a clap in between or whatever I have to do to mix it up and be crazy then I'll do it. A typical rest day for me is just it just means that I gave that muscle group that I worked out at least 48 to 72 hours of rest before I hit it again. So we're coming flat toe. I have a rep in my head for a certain amount of weight and I say I'm going to get to that weight no matter what and that's where that's where I have an training partner really comes in handy because I can tell him that I can say look don't rack that weight until I get to that certain rep. Having that person there to help you out or even just writing it down say I'm going to do it no matter what. Put yourself in that position where you don't have an out so you have to do it now. Next, that's one way is a break in flat toes for listening, that's breaking flat toes for your mental state of mind knowing that you did to what yourself to that limit and you can go ahead and do those things so you're ready for the next challenge. So I hope you enjoyed that for my full training program. Go ahead and visit the page below. We'll throw it off to the side and let's go ahead and get into my nutrition. I'm smart, I'll eat clean, stay lean is my motto. I try to stay lean, you're around and I try to stay at least two to three weeks from any kind of goal I want. My diet basically consists of my carbs coming in throughout the afternoon. Anything past noon, carbs are coming from veggies and stuff like that. Hopefully by noon time and at the end of the day I've burned all that stuff so it doesn't go in the fast storage. So I'm not a huge number cruncher, what I do count if I do count numbers as ounces of protein in my system. My ounce is a protein per meal. I don't go any less than eight ounces from my meat. I don't go more than 11 ounces if I do eat a lot of meat. Everything with veggies is a serving, a handful. Can I grab it with a hand and place it on my tray and that's what I do. Same thing goes for carbs. It's proportion by eye, not proportion by numbers. So as I get at least five meals in, I'm a happy camper. I try to do my best to give it two hours to digest and eat the next meal. Sometimes I'm hungry after an hour so I run out of meals. That's the biggest thing for me. I pack my meals with me so I have to remember that I have those meals with me. If I get hungry in an hour and I eat that next meal, I might have 10 more hours at work. I might not be eaten for the next five hours if I ate every time I was hungry. If you want to see results, you have to be smart about your nutrition. When I blew my knee out, I wasn't able to do cardio. You really have to focus down on nutrition. If you want to stay lean, you really have to look at your nutrition and be smart about what you're putting in your body. I actually have a friend that's part of thebibillum.com team, her name is Jackie Kay. But what she does is she does this thing called the paleo diet. Basically if we didn't have a 10,000 years ago, don't put in your body now. We get our fruits and veggies and everything like that from the ground from the trees. We get our meats and our like that from the animals around. I followed it a hundred percent for about two months and I saw amazing results. But my brain got a little dumb and I needed my carbs a little more than I thought I needed. So I followed about an 80 percent paleo diet with a 20 percent whatever I wanted to eat, you know, brown rice and someone diet. Just like every day in the gym should be a brand new day and exciting. You go in the kitchen. It should be exciting too because that's stuff you put in your body. That's your feel for the day. I'm not going to put crappy fuel that I don't enjoy in my body for the day. I can't run on crap. I highly believe in females. I love them to death. I don't believe in cheap months. When your body gets into that state of mind of eating all those healthy things, it's kind of weird because when you go back to trying to put something that's bad for your body and your system, you might be excited for it. But one or two bites in and your body might not want it. And I've learned that when I eat a piece of cake or something like that, I take a bite in it. Hey, I'm happy. I'm satisfied. Push it to this side. I don't need the rest. Restaurant. I look at their menu. I look at something that I might have cooked at home. Chicken veggies mashed potatoes. Great thing to cook. Read what's on the menu. They should put it in detail. What's on the menu? If you would have put it on your thing at home, on your food at home, then why put it on there now. So I hope you enjoy that for my full nutrition program. Go ahead and visit page below. We'll go ahead and put it off to the side and get to my supplementate. Once supplementation can be done and build your muscles. All right, you can take it and just throw out your food. No, you have to get your foods and you have to get your diets and that's what's going to be able to build your body. A supplement is just that. A supplement. It's a helpful tool. Big ones. Obviously, you have to have your protein. Whether it be an RTD or a big jug of big muscle mass protein or whatever works for you, when you're talking about protein, you've got to remember that there's tons of protein out there. Proteins are going to be coming out new every single day. So, you have ones for what your specific goals. You're trying to gain weight. You want a mass builder. If you want to go ahead and just maintain it, you've got a high protein, minimal carb. And if you want to lose it, you've got your high protein, no carbs. You've got to remember that if you replace it with your meal, get the one that looks like your meal, get the one that highly resembles the nutrient content in your meal. I also get my BCA's, my glutamine. And my pre-workout is one of the new things I've been trying out. Pre-workouts are God's sense. I love them death, but I don't use them all the time only when I do need them. But they are like a secret weapon in the arsenal when it comes to the gym. But you've got to make sure that you cycle off any kind of pre-workout to the recommended dosage, finish the bottle, and cycle off for the amount of weeks that they tell you to cycle off with. We'll just tend to go ahead and use them. Their body gets used to them and it's unfortunate that they lose effect. The only thing I'll change during my supplementation of orphanage is my protein. Other than that, every other supplement I do take, you should be getting it 365 days out of your anyway. These are things to help your body grow, tell your metabolism stay fast. For me, supplements are just something to help you out with your healthy lifestyle, with your diet, with your workout plan. No way do I see it as an item that take over. For my full training, nutrition and supplementation program, go ahead and visit the link below. Feel free to hit me up on Body Space. My name is Rice 8-787. You can find that right here at the very bottom of the page. I love to talk to y'all. I love the feedback, and if you are going through something that you think sounds typically what I went through, tell me about it. I absolutely love going and helping out those kinds of people. For more content like this, go ahead and visit by Build.com.