Hey guys, Ali Rosin here, teambodybuilding.com athlete, I think you can eat pro. I'm here to show you my favorite workout and that's my shoulder workout. I use this for competing. I use this during my off season and to build muscle. For today's shoulder workout, we have three supersets, one straight set. Each exercise we're going to be doing three to four sets with rep range being 15 to 20 reps, minimal rest, which means it's going to be from 45 seconds to 60 seconds. The total shoulder workout for today should be about 45 minutes long. So now we're going to get into our warm-up exercise. For this exercise, I warm up my rotator cups. Very important for a shoulder exercise. So for my warm-up, I warm up my wrist first, 15 to 20 reps. After I do my 15 to 20 twists on my wrist, I'll go up and I'll do 10 reps per rotator cup. Just like this. Make sure you squeeze outside and inside, really working out that rotator cup. I use 10 weights right now. It's a little heavy, but it's good. I put some pressure on my rotator cup and my wrist so I get some pump. So it's too light. You're really not getting the value of warming up with muscles. If you've never warmed up your rotator cup before or your wrist, I would suggest warming up with about 3 to 5 pound weights, getting used to the motion. And then when you continue to do it, you'll see increased weights. For our first exercise today, it'll be a superset. A superset is two exercises back to back with no rest. I start with both arms up and I make sure I squeeze at the top. I do a little bit lighter of a weight with this one, just because it's my first exercise. And I want to get the burn started, but not fail right away. If you think this is too easy for you, you can increase it during your second or third set. For a second exercise of this superset, I do standing lateral raises. I increase the weight to help me go to failure. I want to make sure you squeeze at the top. You really get that burn. I like to tilt them at the top because they get more of the rear delts. In between the superset, I do about 45 to 60 seconds rest. And then I start with my second set of my superset. That's it for my superset on to the next exercise seated dumbbell overhead press. For my seated dumbbell press, I'm going to do four sets with 15 to 20 reps. When I start to get 15, I will drop my weight and go to a lighter weight so I finish my rep range. So as you guys saw, for my first set, I didn't have to drop my weight. For this one, I probably will. Okay, guys. That was it for our only straight set onto our next which will be a superset. This superset, I'm doing upright row, followed by plate front raises with a burnout steering wheel. A good trick to know where your hands should be. You put your fingers together and then you curl them back. You lift up and make sure elbows are above the bar and you go down. For the second part of this exercise, we'll be doing front plate raises with a burnout of steering wheel. So that completes this exercise onto our last and final superset which focuses on rear doubts. So for our last and final exercise, I will be doing standing, cable reverse fly, superseted with dumbbell bent over flies. I'll be doing about four sets, 15 to 20 reps. With these, it's really important that you squeeze when you pull out to really feel and activate the rear doubt. For these, I like to tip my arms up when I go up and I tip them down and up so I get more of the rear doubt action. Okay, so this is our last and final sets of the workout. Right now your shoulder should be on fire and burning and when you're done, you're going to feel like if a great workout. So that's it. For this shoulder workout, I recommend doing this about one to leave and I usually pair it with abs. It's a really great exercise. If there are some weeks where you're missing a day or two, it's okay because there's a lot of compound movements and a lot of reps to failure. The details of this workout are provided on the page below. You can print it out or look it up on your phone and take it with you to the gym. For more articles, workout videos and content, please come back to buybuilding.com.