I am Shane Raymond, I'm 30, I'm the natural bodybuilding champion and from hitching in Hartfordshire which is just north of London. I started training really just to get into shape and to look good really and I've always been quite into sports and stuff like this paper football and an again. So I've really started weight training until I left school around about 17, so I've been training now for that for 13 years. But I've been training for a number of years before actually, I started competing because to be honest, I think we need to know much about bodybuilding competitions. I just thought bodybuilding competitions were like a lot of guys taking gear and stuff and it's not something I wanted to get into. So I've already been building up this league for the stage, I was building it to look good. It's only when natural British championing come out to me and say basically I should think about competing and up for a softball, well it's not really my thing to me to suggest it like natural shows and that, and I thought yeah I'm lucky for that. First ever competition I took the overall at a local show as a central being the F also I'm a category and the later on in that year I took the novice British title the FIA as well. I wanted to have you weight title in 2010 and got run right through overall and in the British in 2010 as well for the being there I took second pace in the final. I don't look at training as just bodybuilding exercises. I believe as a bodybuilding a new to it, sort of like incorporate a lot more training with this into your overall training. I mean myself I do I do powerly of being I do like high volume stuff I do a lot of pre-exhaust stuff and I mix in it, it's sort of like a rotation in each week and my training is different. I believe you need all that in your training to build it all around thick balance for week. My typical week of training would be basically two days on and then one day I'll say I'll train the Monday and the Tuesday I'll have a rest down the Wednesday and the Thursday and the Friday and I do my training is a major and the minor body parts split so I'd always train sort of like a major part for example the chest of the biceps and then I train legs on my own, like hamstrings and put them Tuesday and the wings that have failed. Sometimes I wouldn't go down the gym at all but it depends on the good for competition I'll do like a kido and gym when I'm saying that I'll be it. And then on the first day I'd probably train delts and abs and I'm Friday's I do that in tri-sex and I believe that this split works well from the above because a lot of people I speak to, they tend to train like chest and biceps or chest and triceps together. I'm different I like to train chest and biceps together because you're using the tri-sits working just anyway. Then to go and do a like a tricep workout I feel that you're overturning your tricep because it's more of a muscle group. That's the sort of split I tend to use. When I come to like a sticking front I'll plateau my training. I tend to sort of like throw something totally different into the next something put quite random like um say I was doing like an approved zors week forever and I would do like a nice isolation reason before a compound reason. I would do sort of like the pre-exorse would be the same but when I'm going to lock a new compound new then I'd lift a lot heavier. So therefore the pre-exorse part of my routine is the same but the heavier compound part of it would be heavier so I wouldn't necessarily get more reps out at the time but I'd put the muscle under more stress and I'd un-offstick it that for a few weeks and then to see where it happens so it happens pretty much. The workout I'm going to be doing today is called GVT which is German volume training. It's pretty much just high volume training using this one exercise which is the normal compound exercise and it's basically short rest periods and you're using sort of like 6% of you have one rep max. It's a sort of like training method I use like once every every third week sort of thing and even though you're not in the gym for long performing the um workout when you leave the gym you feel like you have been in there for a while because it's really taxing on the um on the physique. The first exercise I'll be doing today would be um flat bench as it's going to be 10 sets of 10 with a rest period of um 60 seconds in between. One of the exercises I'm going to do today is I was going to be in incline dumbbell press which is performed with um a moderate sort of weight and basically it's the target the upper chest region. It'll give you that thick top part the chest you see like sticks out the top of the t-shirt. The third and final exercise I'm going to do today would be um cross over cable fly and that's to do with stretching the fascia so I don't normally go very heavy on this exercise but I do sort of like a higher rep range and also concentrate in more on stretch as well as the screws. After the chest I'm exercising that I've moved into a bicep exercise and this would be a B&E Z curl. I'll daily do probably around about five sets on this like the like a high volume and could you tell me a mine a muscle group you don't really need a lot to still make muscle growth in that region. The secondary bicep move I'll probably do would be um dumbbell hammers which targets the outer side of the bicep and it gives you that peak. You don't want to really feel like you're on a diet in my eyes you need to be feeling strong enough to train. It's no point being in a diet where you can't train strong or you can't train to your full potential. Dying in a lot of people think dieting you means basically being hungry all the time and I feel for me a long healthy clean diet is the best approach. The matter meals I a day depends on all if it's a weekday or when you can in a weekday is I'm getting up quite early so I'm getting up around about quarter to five in the morning so I'll start eating around about five and every literally every two and a half hours after that I'm having a source of protein or source of carbohydrates and sometimes a bit of fruit as well with that but you should have a balanced diet. I don't necessarily believe in like a zero carb diet or a high fat diet I believe everything should be within each meal of your diet which have your vaccination, your carbs and age, your proteins and then you should eat everything you need in each meal throughout the day and I'll find that work for me. A cheat day was just I'll put in here anything I want a protein closer to the competition like 12 weeks then I start monitoring my cheat meals more. I sort of like have a cleaner cheat meal and not a cheat day as such and at the same time I'll wait my food always measure my food I know is that in a matter of calories I'm taking every day each day and what they are so if I do need to make any adjustments I know certain things I need to adjust or think. I perfect cheat meal and being probably be a Chinese or something where you've got different tastes and different spices and stuff like that a lot of people just stick to pizza but half over a pizza I'll probably get bored and I'll eat it anyway but I'll get bored. Stufflementation is very important I think which I found because believe in I haven't been taking supplements for that long but once I did take start taking supplements I know did a big and I continue to do a lot of learning research into supplements almost the best I take and it's not only just taking supplements is important it's a time when you get a supplements in and what supplements you take of different supplements does that's the thing and well people aren't realise that sometimes different supplements care and react and they're clashed together and the body's don't absorb it as well so it should do so it's not just supplementation and protein it's also a timing and what supplementation you take to give up. In supplements I'll take on a data-right debate today basis would be a grenade back then personally in the morning for my personal and also take 10-ground-gill glue to me way I'll just look creative if a less star I find that creative if a less star you don't get the water potential is much and the creating blow is much and taking that. Pre-training I'll take 50 calibre I'll glue them in again, 8-and-b post training I'd have like a waxing maze with food and then again, a H&B I mean the acids try it a bit time I'll take 4 caps as well as the amazing thing make tricks I'll take a multi-gill in the and I'll also supplementation with food overall which is basically just a me the 36 and 9. And if someone came to me and asked me for advice and training and supplement the top three supplements I'll will suggest would be if you want to burn fat would be grenades definitely a way I'll definitely definitely help glue them because they're the most important supplements I feel need. If you want to know more about my training, my nutrition and my supplementation knowledge check me out good bait. dog Сales landing the dead 你撒死撒死 Oh! Ah, I'm dead! Oh, oh, oh! No, no, no, no, no, no! Hey! 3! Oh! Ah! Hey! Oh! Oh! Ah! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!