I used to be a shy skinny kid. Then I found bodybuilding. Now I am an IFBB pro in Mensozy. I am Jake Alvarez. I can help you build your best self. Today's workout we're going to be working on shoulders. However, we're going to be emphasizing a lot on the posterior delts or rear delts. Your shoulders comprise of three heads. Your anterior, which is a front, your lateral, which is the side and your posterior. In my opinion, I feel like a lot of people emphasize so much on their anterior and their medial heads. And they neglect their posterior head. Stracting your posterior delts will help with your overall shoulder development and help prevent injury. Today we're going to be doing four exercises. The first exercise is going to be shoulder double press. The second exercise is going to be bent over side raise. Third exercise is going to be cable face pulls. And the last and fourth exercise is going to be reverse pectac. Today's workout is only going to be tick about 30 minutes. We're sitting about one minute between each set. All right, let's start this workout. Exercise one, we're going to be doing shoulder double press. We're going to start with one warm-up set, four working sets, and one burnout set. For a working set, we're going to be doing eight to twelve reps to failure. Sour of this workout, what I typically do is I get the dumbbells. Put them on my knees. I kick one dumbbell at a time towards my shoulders. Stabilize it. Get the elbow on up and then push up both together. I do this because I want to prevent any injuries and safely get them up to perform this workout. Once I get the dumbbells up over my head, I drop the weights down until I'm about 90 degrees. It brings them straight back up. When I do my burnout set, what I typically do is I go back to my warm-up weight. Then I try to hit pretty much as much as I can to failure. Exercise two, we're going to be doing bent over side raises. Just like exercise one, we're going to be doing one warm-up set, four working sets, and one burnout set. While working sets, we're going to be doing eight to twelve reps. To set up to do the bent over side raise, what I typically do is I sit at the edge of a bench, bend over so my head is down. Try to pop my shoulders out so I'm trying to activate my rear delts. And I do the reverse fly with my fingers up. When I do this, I only go up just as far as I feel my posterior delts contract. I do see it over standing just because I have a lot more control isolating the rear delts. For a third exercise, we're going to be doing cable face pulls. Just like all the other exercises, we're going to be doing one warm-up set, four working sets, and one burnout set. We're going to be increasing the rep range for these working sets to twelve to fifteen. What I like to do is I like to do it on the ground. By doing it on the ground, I'm not activating any of my other muscles, I'm not using my back. I'm just isolating my posterior delts and focusing on the contraction. When I start off this workout, I grab both ends of the rope with an overhand grip. I try to keep my lower back on the floor. I pull both ends of the rope straight to my forehead. And I try to hold it for about one and a half seconds. Let go slowly and repeat the process. The fourth and final exercise is reverse pectech. Just like the other exercises, we're doing one warm set, four working sets, and one burnout set. For working sets, we're going to be doing eight to twelve reps. When you set up your seat on the reverse pectech machine, what you want to do is you want to make sure that your shoulders and your arms are aligned. The only pivot point is going to be at your shoulder. Each person is going to be a little bit different. You want to just make sure that at the top of each rep you're squeezing your posterior delts. For the burnout set, I jump back to my warm up weight and try to hit 15 to 25 or to failure. In general, as far as any workout, I just like to make sure that I try to keep my muscles on their toes. So they never really know what to expect. So if you want to take a little workout, I could probably do maybe once a week focusing on the posterior delts. And then maybe on another part of the week, focus on the anterior medial. The full workout breakdown is on the page below. If you have any questions for me about this workout, you can contact me on my body space, which is J-A-Y-K, or on my Instagram, which is at drugjake. For more free videos and articles like this, come back to Bodybuilding.com. Thank you for watching.