Hi, I'm Jesse Helgenberg, IFBB Figure Pro and teambodybuilding.com athlete. I am a graphic designer and also a competition coach and I have been featured in magazines such as Oxygen Magazine, Mascellan Fitness HERS, and Iron Man Magazine. My whole entire life I've had biceps and great calves and really great legs and I've had a six pack forever but my shoulders I just had little string beans. I had good biceps and triceps but I didn't have any delts and for me to compete and figure I had to take my training to a different level and actually kind of sculpt out a new look for my body and part of that was building my back, creating a VTaper and building big huge round caps to my shoulders and that's why I've been working on her for a few years. Today we are at Body Renew Fitness in Meridian, Idaho and I'm going to take you through my shoulder workout today focusing on big compound movements for that strength and size a little bit of medial delt work to build those big round shoulders so let's go. Our first exercise today is Incline Barbell Press. I usually use a barbell and a rack for this but today my only option is a Smith machine but it's totally fine I like to be able to mix it up ever once in a while anyhow. I pick this for my first exercise because it's a big compound exercise that recruits a lot of different muscles so I like to have the most strength for it in the very beginning of my workout. This is our first working set I've added 50% more weight than my warm-up set and I'm going to do three sets of about 12 reps. And if you see how my elbows don't totally lock out at the top that's how I'm keeping tension on my shoulders through the entire exercise. I use my rest periods to stretch the muscles that I'm working usually takes me about 45 seconds. The compound exercise that I chose for the very beginning is Incline Barbell Press because I don't train chest very often. It's a great one to get in a little bit of upper chest but it's also a great compound exercise for your front delts. All right this is the second exercise today and it's one of my favorite exercises. It's a 45 degree barbell shoulder press. You can do this in any gym all you need is a 45 pound barbell and you can just shove it into a corner or into a piece of equipment like I've done here. I'm going to do three sets of 12 to 15 reps on each arm. You want to keep your core tight and your shoulders square. You're cur'd a lot of muscle for this one. You're in a little bit of a squat so you're using your core, your legs, and your shoulder. I love this one because it's still compound exercise but I'm working my way around my shoulder. So I started with a little bit of upper chest front delts and now I'm switching my grip to a hammer grip and I'm pressing a little bit more overhead kind of coming to the top of my delts working my way around and to get a really good well-rounded shoulder workout. I take about 30 to 45 seconds rest in between each set and in between each arm and I stretch out the muscles being worked before I get going. The reason that I take a rest in between each arm on that exercise is because it is such a big compound exercise. If it was more of an isolation exercise like a lateral fly I could just kind of go back and forth really easily there without resting between arms but for that one it's such a compound heavy movement and I'm lifting it pretty heavy. I need rest in between and I want to stretch out that muscle. I start with the front delts just because I want to get the chest exercise out of the way in the very beginning. Being at that incline it hits more of your front delts and then I start working my way to more compound all over shoulders and then I start getting into the little isolation exercise like medial delts and rear delts. When I am confronted with something like that I don't want to lift weights because I don't want to get huge. I usually just flip it right around and say, do like the way I look. You're talking to me for a reason you're asking me for fitness advice for a reason and they said, yes I would love to have your arms. I would, you know I want to know I'll do whatever it takes to get that well it takes lifting heavy and it takes time in consistency and intensity and you know women we don't get huge we don't we don't have the jeans to get big we just get awesome. For a third exercise we're doing seated dumbbell shoulder press. As you can see throughout the entire workout I have very quite a bit from unilateral bilateral using barbells dumbbells and machines. I'm going to do three sets of 12 reps I don't walk out my elbows at the top and I also don't bring my dumbbells together at the top. Doing that helps me keep my traps out of it and just keeps all of that tension on the medial delts. I need to focus a lot on growing my shoulders as much as possible and rounding out and capping off my delts. So if you kind of look closely at the workout it is a very traditional workout. I don't do any sort of functional shoulder training. I'm focused on strength and growth and rounding that muscle out and you know forcing as much blood as I can into the muscle. So a lot of the moves are real traditional compound movements. I rest about 45 seconds in between sets and I use that time to stretch. Our next exercise is the rear delt fly on the reverse peck deck machine. I'm doing three sets of 12s here and I usually on this exercise I'll add weight as I go through the set. I love this one because I can brace my torso against the pad on the machine and really focus on just using my rear delts. So we're starting to work our way all the way around the shoulder working all the heads of the deltoid here. You want to make sure that on this exercise you keep a slight bend in your elbow during the exercise. If your elbows are locked you will incorporate too much tricep in the exercise. In between sets you want to make sure you stretch out your muscles being worked again. I always do that in between my sets and we're going to take about 45 seconds change the weight and go out of it again. The rear delt is a really great exercise to keep in your shoulder routine as it fills up the muscles in your back and kind of pulls your shoulders back a little bit opening the chest and appearing wider and broader on top. The most common question I get is how do I get my arms to look like that? You know how to get the physique like I have and I just always say you know lift heavy lift with intensity and create a lifestyle out of it. Eat clean and go to bodybuilding.com. Next exercise is side dumbbell lateral raises. We're getting to end of the workout now so I'm focusing more on isolation exercises and I pick this one because it really focuses on that medial deltoid and helps round out my shoulder. I do three sets of 12 reps here. It's not a big compound exercise so I'm okay with my rest being a little bit shorter and I just move from arm to arm and I take my 30 second rest in between set to after I've done both arms. I don't use any momentum and the movement is really slow and really controlled. One thing I want to point out with this exercise is you want to focus away from all the momentum. That's why I like using one arm instead of two so you're not inclined to use a whole bunch of momentum to lift the weights. I don't take any rest from arm to arm but I do take a 30 second rest in between sets. I think intensity is almost everything. Intensity to me isn't you know grunting and screaming and throwing weights. That's not intensity at all to me. Intensity is how heavy you're lifting how hard you're working, how shorter your rest periods and how effective was you workout? Did you walk out knowing that you chit-chatted you know five minutes between every set and you know just kind of did some cardio and left or do you go in the gym and you get you get it done and you get out and you just know that you're going to have changes. Your body will change if you go into the gym with intensity every single time. I like leaving the gym knowing that I absolutely destroyed my delts so on shoulder day I like to pick a finisher exercise. One of my favorite and most effective techniques is what I call running the rock. It's really similar to a pyramid style of exercise. I start with 25 pound dumbbells and I'm going to do Arnold presses the entire time. 25 pound dumbbells are picked for me because I know that I can do at least four to five reps with them. So I do those four to five reps with the 25 pound dumbbells. I drop them. I grab the 20s. I do as many reps as I can with that. Drop those, pick up the 15s. Do as many reps as I can with that. Drop it, grab the 10s as many reps as I can again. Drop that and I finish with as many reps as I can with the five pound dumbbells. Then I take a 60 second break. I stretch the muscles being worked. After that 60 seconds has passed. I start all the way at the bottom with the lightest weight. I do as many reps as I can and I keep doing that all the way back up until I've done as many reps as I can again with the 25 pound dumbbells and then I'm done. With Arnold presses you start with your palms facing you, ground your feet and keep your core really tight. Don't let your elbows drop too far down and don't walk out at the top. By adding a finisher like that to my shoulder day it really just gets the job done for me and just completely exhaust the muscle and I feel like I have done my job. I can't hold the steering wheel in my car my way home from the gym and there's all sorts of techniques for finishing. When tip that I would give that I think is really important to anybody starting out is to choose one source. Whether you have a personal trainer, a nutritionist, whether you're just following a program on bodybuilding.com, pick that one thing and stick with it the whole entire time. That's the end of our workout. Typically a workout like you watch today should take you between 45 minutes and an hour. If you have any questions about what you watch today or any other fitness related nutrition motivational tips you can find me on body space. My username is Jesse Fitness. You can also follow me on Facebook, Twitter or Instagram and for more content like this, check out bodybuilding.com.