Soye protein is actually extracted from soybeans, growing all over the world, and the way that's extracted or fractionated gives you a very high percent protein by weight with a lot of the other things found in soybeans like carbs and fat greatly reduced. In that islet or soy protein concentrate can be used as a protein source to support training especially for vegetarians. Soy protein becomes because it comes from a plant source can be used as a preferred or primary source of protein if you are vegetarian or a vegan who doesn't consume any animal protein sources or any animal foods. Because soy protein is easily digested and absorbed actually better than casing, you can use it as a protein source after intensive training to support recovery and promoting animal response. Soy protein has also been shown to be a very health or heart health promoting protein source because of its unique amino acid makeup and perhaps other ingredients called isopflabones that are found in soy protein. When you're looking at a soy protein look for the percent protein or look at the number of if it's just a protein powder by itself from soy protein the number of grams of the serving and the number of grams of protein you should have around 90% protein from the outchop powder because soy protein is not 100% protein. So the higher the percentage, especially if it's declared the higher the quality of actually getting protein from soy protein. For some people the isopflabones which are like flavonoids that are found in soy protein can be important especially for women that are seeking their effects on bone health and look there for the amount of isopflabones and there are two names for them, daydzing and genistine and that will tell you the amount of the isopflabones preserving if that's an important thing for your soy protein and choice. Protein from soy just like any other protein in amounts more than 20-25 grams may not lead to any additional antibody response muscle after intensive training. So if you consume a soy protein dose more than 20-25 grams, the additional amounts will likely be burned as a fuel or potentially could be going into making fat. The other thing to consider is what to combine it with. As with any other protein you can combine soy protein with anything else you want to, carbs, creatin, branch-chain amino acids, gloomy, anything else even other proteins to stack it up with.