Hey everybody building.com. It's Liam McIntyre from Spartacus War of the Damned here to tell you about the guy that changed my life changed my training changed my shape So his Tyrone Bell tell me a little bit about yourself. I am the official Spartacus trainer and I am the man responsible for what you see here Yeah, no Tyrone and I had an interesting little journey so We did How we meet? It was an adjim funny enough. Yeah, yeah Yeah It was an interesting time for me because I just lost all this weight for another film like 45 pounds So I was in the works for maybe getting this role and and and head of Stance our popleton was putting me through this crazy bootcamp training Which was Soul crushing but amazing and learning all you know really fundamentally amazing things, but we had to assess at the start Yeah, your skills are up-to-scratch for fight scenes for you know We had to know you had the enjoy the last the entire season, but unfortunately there's not the best You know as when it comes to packing on muscle. Yeah, so I got real fit Yeah, despite myself and as soon as you got the role then you know we were thrown the brief that you needed lean muscle mass You needed to be ready which went against all against our bootcamp training and we had taken to another sort of form of training Yeah, well, and ties the the master of hypertrophy training because I suppose you'd call it all there So the the hard task master of hypertrophy training. So I was I don't know I felt like I was in this I was in this room and working out that I had never trained up for the season and and ties I could only imagine so let's not make it It's gonna be a big job We met like once at the end of gods that you read it when I was test it goes that big yeah, yeah, and I mean I have the first move. Yeah, I looked at you and I was given the brief and Yeah, I was good. I know I'm good But I don't do miracles But you know not you don't argue with our problems because that guy's the business and he's like tight You know like making this and I'm sitting there going he was massive so it's gonna work out great This guy's built like a pretty she knows guys. I had it probably not You know this guy's massive so if anyone's gonna help me out with this guys good Meanwhile, I'm thinking ties broken on this excited design Like I said I know we it was a challenge because of the time frame Not only because we had to get you in peak form before shooting, but we had to you know We had to be training the entire time throughout the seasons and with the time frames who were given for training You know the workouts not only had to be effective But they had to be very very time conscious. Yeah. Yeah, so what we had to like we had shoot days when we started five We finished up at you know seven. Yeah, yeah We hit Jim it's the eight thirty and yeah those with those Yeah, and then there was times where it's like okay with your schedule you've got 20 minutes Yeah, it's like okay. This is our only chest session for this week We've got to make 20 minutes work. I'm sorry for two of the chest sessions But that's that's where we developed and We need to develop the 19 minute workout Yeah, where you had to get hypertrophy Results from 19 minutes. Yeah, we had to develop that and it worked not only for you Better for other cast members, but yeah, sure. Well, it's funny by the end of it Everyone just like lining up like I started off there and they're like are you training with fire? Okay, sure. Good. Have a good time I'm going down to my gym by the end of it for more of the day and everyone's like yeah Number taking a little bit of a threat. That's right. That's right. Yeah, I was like stay away from my dude It's my time. This is my time you should come here earlier But yeah, early days that was that was fun because I was like oh, this is gonna be great You know how high can it be right and yeah, yeah Time is all about hard and then then I introduced Liam to a reality yeah, and nutrition and nutrition. Oh yeah, I got a nickname the card Nazi for good reasons God, yeah, I would count and watch every calorie that went through your mouth Yeah, you mean at times that I'd be like I'd be at At the lunch table and like on Thursdays that something for decision watching you literally that Well, I just be staring at me like I'm like That's that's messed up. I got to get a new trader this guy This is gonna be a long season Just appear and I'd have like I'd have some latinos or anything that I was like just a potato. What's wrong? It's not tight proof. That's off. Yeah, it's not waterproof that yeah, even now Like it happened in happened today I'm like a Spartacus just finished, but he will pass the like a few Plates roll This is good But that that was probably to be honest that was 80% of your results was what you were eating I'm so tired right absolutely and especially when you were scheduled a so full on and then I'll work out So intense for that short period of time Recovery nutrition was paramount Yeah, I could understand because I just spent so long training with our populton who probably at the time very rightly was like more is more Just just worked to you can't work anymore That was then for where I was at was a really good mind state to get myself into Make you mentally hard. Yeah, yeah, yeah really tough and jump for when you know you have to do the work But times like all right, so if you want to grow some muscle mass we're gonna have to change this I don't like but no, no, no, I've got this worked out I know what to do. I'm gonna just gonna lift more. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Let's do it It's like if I put it into some training sessions like what are you gonna do now? I'm like I'm you're gonna sleep on you You got sleep. Yeah, I'm like yeah, so I'm gonna sleep So I own you for two seasons. Yeah, it was great Please And you know we'd I'd been early days. I'd be training and then I'd like I'll take a funny exercise I'll start doing some other things I already know what you're doing. You're wasting luck at your men So I think I eventually came around to it because spark as scheduled was hard to get the sleep in but Yeah, my good. Well that's that's what supplementation came in we had to do jale gloomy going You know, make sure your BC double laser in there Because yeah, you were a lot of the time to sleep the product which was unfortunate because you know You would have made even greater gains if you had more sleep on it Yeah, which I'm excited to see yeah, because you are gonna stick with it Excited to see You're gonna beat yeah Yeah, yeah, well me too. Yeah, that's the thing But that's what I mean like you actually changed the way I look at training and changed the way I'd died I changed the way I lived my life because you know I was a computer game nerd I don't know I know I still find that That's what makes it But you know, so I was weird like a week ago I was sitting in a hotel room going oh finally I got some time to play some games I'm sitting there with with a game I was playing and it was a great fun I looked at the clock going I really trained session in good. I've never had that thought But it's not with you. It's ingrained now. It's a lot of me now I'd play I'm like, I'll just put it off for a little bit I couldn't I couldn't do it. I was like and for the first time my life put the game down walked into the gym hit out a quick, you know 30 minutes dash and and and You know blew the chest apart so it was great and and I've just never been like that so proud now. I'm proud Thank you But it's a life-changing thing. I think that's the important thing that you got through it I was lucky enough to have you for because you would you would it like change Like change my perspective and that's the thing because like anyone can do a diet and anyone can just wait for a week But but you have to really change the way you think about training and I think that's what you absolutely You need you need to adapt that lifestyle It's not I mean, hey, you could have blown it. We could have got this done. You don't have a Spartacus in that So but now it's ingrained and it's a lifestyle now and you are always going to be busy Whether you're on a feature film or another TV series But you know now how to fit and effective workout effective training nutrition plan everything in Because you've adopted that lifestyle. Well, that's the gift though I mean, that's that's the benefit of having a guy that just isn't isn't very nice to you There was moments we don't need to talk about that in a school I got the nice guy thing going on Yeah, that doesn't that doesn't train kill a body Yeah, you're gonna be hard on yourself too, right you do you do you do you got to be honest because I sit there And I sit there with the chocolate cake going you and you know what I would say if you were here you know what you say See, that's good. You're not talking to your food. That's You got a connection. I'm like I'm just looking at all those empty calories. He's like oh there's sugar This fatty all those you know what those and But you know makes it makes it it's results. That's right. You know what so what's um What's your favorite session because I think I think we're on the same page with this Well, I can oh well I just remember when we were doing you know our 19 minute workouts because sometimes we're thrown I can't go as you got 20 minutes so that's where we developed that 19 minute workout I purchased for different muscle groups Cheers was always a challenge That's my challenge my challenge. That's right, but I think the you know that the most rewarding was always the arms I mean it's the beat myself about you in 19 minutes with that recipe I used to pump up huge Yeah, we used to do that before you had promotional shoots and stuff like that As well, we just fill them and you know, it's it's Insanely rewarding It's certainly turned into a head case. It was always good for time because you know I'd be like look nothing's changing. I can't see anything in times like do you bodies like in a totally different place? Yeah, you look at the before and after and and the progression shots and it's like we can literally see the changes happening month to month Yeah, it ties in early on that yeah, you're over. You tell me like Well, unfortunately the bad news is you'll never be big enough now like you'll always look at yourself and go Well, I could fix that yeah fix that I could fix that in fact total sense We were doing the same thing and we were both getting back into training and he was like oh I don't know the shoulders like this is big enough like it. I might do a massive look at the And I'd be so I don't know I feel like I feel like I'm not I'm not a side-size See it's important to be happy where you're at but there's always that it once you want you can tend Then it's over So maintaining is boring. You know always looking for constant improvement Just for finding it. Yeah, just pushing it just making the quality better Yeah, I remember you want to be about that. I'm like, oh, I mean, you know in my head. I was like I'll be happy at this way You stop doing the work that way man. Yeah, but yeah, I know I always look I just was my satisfaction Because I felt it always felt really really really rough in the morning which you which I'd learn to accept is the best way to feel when you're just like Oh, I can't move properly. So obviously I think a job That was serious But no it was Yeah, and safe training that was the good thing because I mean it was so good having a spot on someone You what they were doing. Mm-hmm. Lift the white could tell you how to do it So you didn't just waste your reps and stuff like that. That's right When when time is that's valuable every rep counts and and both phases the up phase and the down phase You know you don't cheat don't bounce, you know because you only have a 90 minutes you have 1,142 So you literally every second counts every rep and math. Oh, mate. I'm good If you're thinking you're shrinking what's that really? No No, it's totally man. I know it's You're against it and it's hard to make big games Your time time call but you mean but it is possible. Yeah, that's right. That's right. I know it was only in The best thing you know, you've got to it's a long-term game You're like near the end of four of the day and I started to go you know what I do see what you're seeing I do see the change. Yeah, you know I could it had been happening for a long time But I didn't want to believe it because I was used to being the other guy and that's the thing too As other people were seeing it You know, but you yourself you see yourself every day so you don't don't see no change Yeah, but it wasn't like you said it wasn't until the end of the season. It's like you know what I'm looking all right Yeah, you know you saw a few cupbers of magazine you saw yourself and a few things. It's like Have a heart you know what I'm okay Yeah Yeah, man. I was that was that was seriously life-changing But then you know I wasn't always good news because for those covers and things like that you You had a new system for me which was something was very well You know we we had to peek you and that was the hard that was the hard thing You know during like guys who can peat you're gonna peek a few times during the year But you know would be dropped on you have a promotional shoot in a week It's like and I used to like prepping you like it was a competition Oh, yeah, we would drop your carbs out completely then we would carb like you would dehydrate you all that and it was it was how for you And show it amount of time but you know you look at look at the results Yeah, I worked. It's again if I wanted to feel good about myself We do that they do an arm exercise That's right. I'm training and be like yeah, all right. I could do this I'm sure who took this all the time, but man those are some of the hardest days I know yeah, I'm not I'm new at this So I've never really flown a lot of business class for they flew me business class to this photo shoot So I'm like oh all this food Of course My own decided to put me into like this this massive carb depletion phase because I was basically gonna walk off a plane into a photo shoot And so there was free chocolate cake. There was all this amazing food and like you know chicken beef Pro what do you want like and I had to bring a box of boiled chicken And um, Kumera and egg whites that are depending on the meal times and I had to tell the kids Is you and I like can you just bring this cold chicken out to me at like two hour intervals in this amount exactly please and he's like Seriously yeah What about all we've got all we've got food and like yeah, you know, we can make a chicken I'm like you can't make you chicken the way I have to have the chicken He's like but it's just chicken. I like no, I don't have as I have seasonings. Yeah, so yeah See man, I'm proud that's maybe really Yeah, I'm just watching through this horrible chicken, but exactly you know It's that that's that's what you can teach me doing this since that The Liam from three years ago couldn't have done that at all like I couldn't even think like that Yeah, you do it. I do it for two days and be like last student Yeah, it's surely won't make that much difference. You know surely these they were that's that's that's I guess that's the lesson of this whole training I was like I don't know all of it does make that much difference if you do it all the right times They're right that's right It all has to work together. You can't do one part. You know They're training you're stressing all works together. And the rest yeah, this is a well Yeah, rest of course, but you're getting I was still even by the end of season I'm like oh no I saw a reckon that's gonna be the one that we're gonna have disagreements on yeah, that's okay Well, no, I do agree with you. I just you know, I just I get lazy about it. Yeah, you're stopping to the right kind of like yeah Stop it. Yeah, sorry about that. Well, you know, push you through it. Yeah, I remember he was like Too many people will give you out like to me other trainers that I've had in the past give you like a little wiggle room Tyrone a little wiggle room. Okay. You know, so I was like he's like well you chuck a little you know I'll betray his might be like talk a little bit of salt on there. Well, you know look have a bit of this have a bit of that and I was like oh cool. Well, so you know I had to sort of get a little put a little sauce on there Something like that but when it was especially when it was coming down to cutting you know you were like exactly this match Many milligrams of salt exactly this many grams of protein if you get that wrong by an ounce You've ruined the whole thing everything I'm like that's kind of possible Everything That's what we were working with though. I mean Every you know every day normal people you know day to day they can afford that wiggle room Yeah, but you were put in front of the world. You know you were Me to rebellion you're a sex symbol, you know you meant to be this warrior, you know So there was no room that the milligram could be out. Yeah Oh, that's that's part of it. You know, I think you know there's a lesson in that for everyone that's like Training and for me now like I know that if I'm you know not having to be that guy on camera every day I've got a little more wiggle room, but I already know that because I didn't have the wiggle room and I can Yeah, you know my body a little more from that process, but it's been I've been on hell with you It's been exciting And it's not over yet mate. Well, no, sort of just like now. Yeah. Yeah. What is the thing you know I like the hard path for me every day was looking at you training huge weights that I was always trying to like match even though I had this Not experience body, you know you'd be lifting these huge like you know you'd be doing three plates But that's that's that's great as well though is like um You know normal people as well. You have that goal somebody you know you follow might not be your training partner But you watch training videos these guys and you know that's what I want to be this what I want to be lifting stuff like that So but you know you had that in your corner every day which I've just helped Yeah, but this guys just massive I had to look at that every day which is kind of like the psychosis like I was like Why's tolerance a big but um you know, I guess that's that's Keeping it up for a little period of time. That's right. That's right. All come on. Oh, so you know like so what I made you do was what I was doing as well Exactly, which is amazing and you know and so like long term is how you go start setting it mind up suddenly people are at short term diet Short term training cycles short term this where is this stuff that you do is all about You know really changing a life which is what I got definitely I mean you can get fast results if you do everything To the gram you know to the pound You and to the second you can get fast results, but then like you said it becomes a lifestyle and that's where you start making you great Getting this is like it's a million days it took a while it did yeah, it got faster and faster and really started to take hold and when it got In grain it was yeah, man look I'm excited for you to be able to do like this workout with somebody's people for body I can't wait to show you know because these are the actual workouts that I made you do Yeah, you know and I do personally as well So to be able to show everybody what we did you know So it's great for people who push for time massively Yeah, and it's achievable and it and just it takes discipline, but it's it's a realistic life change Yeah, I think that's what that means what you brought me I appreciate that so much so you're welcome. I'm not gonna dead, man. Thank you. We'll do