I'm Stephanie Tumie. I'm an obstinate nutrition sponsor athlete. I'm on the other of a very active six year old boy. I'm a cross-spirathly. I was a former United States Marine and I'm a motivational speaker. I've been in sports my whole life so I became a sponsored softball player so I traveled ball and I started traveling all over the state of Florida which is really good because I had a really big passion for sports but my mother was diagnosed with brain cancer so you can find me to practice but my coaches would come and pick me up and maybe I said I need it to practice so I really believe that athleticism was my gift. In high school I went to a really big school in Jacksonville, Florida where a six-day school over 4,000 students and I was in hopes to make the division one softball team. Going into my senior year my mother had another brain surgery, another tumor and it got put in the impatient therapy. My father who was never around came home and ended up emancipating me and left all those scholarship offers behind. So after I graduated high school I ended up in listening in the United States Marine Corps and didn't play any sports. It wasn't active other than my training for the Marine Corps. I wanted to really challenge myself physically with weight training. So I'm in our before deployment and bought Arnold's encyclopedia of modern bodybuilding and I had all my seat bags, my pack, my rifle's long and we're manifesting on the airplane and I had Arnold's encyclopedia in hand. Every single day was training weight so I would just read. I had no really included in the train or or isolate body parts or groups and we were very limited on equipment so the I demanded that they brought me a barbell and some weight so I had 45 25s in a barbell and I just needed creative with doing reverse hyper extensions off of front of a Humvee or I did a lot of pull-ups. Anything with the barbell that's how I train and I came back pretty strong from that. I was 21 years old. I got a phone call that my mother was having that hospice came in. I was taking over with her hair and I went to see her and just saw me down, told me that she was going to die and I had dealt with her being sick my whole life. Three months later I showed up and she was in our living room and I told her that it was okay and she died in my arms. That's where you're after that I found out that I was pregnant. So I took the news when the doctor told me that I was pregnant and I felt my life was over. I didn't tell anybody and continued to do all my duties as a Marine. About five months into my son's bi-locked mother showed up and said he wanted to be a family and moved into my apartment and I fully did everything in the house by nature. In one night he didn't come home. He showed up my house, choked me and poured a hot coffee over my head and he said I know everyone you asked me where I've been for what I'm doing and I'll come here when I feel like it. From that day on I lived in a house. I was captain in my own home. I could not love the pregnant I could never tell him that I still had my son moved. I was very detached from the motherly little elements of being pregnant. In my third trimester pregnancy I was in our shop. I had that nesting feel but I was the one where we're going to paint the shop. So I was on the 15 foot ladder painting and my water rokes. I saw my doctor like you need to come in here in labor. So I called my son's father who's like I'm not a doctor. Go to the hospital then. So I drove myself to the hospital. I didn't really have anybody to tell and I'm giving birth alone. He never came and I was with my new infant who I didn't even know really what it meant to be a mom. All I knew is that I had a big responsibility and I was going to do it alone. My promise came that no matter what I would do whatever I had to do to give him an opportunity. All I could do is promise to give him a chance to do whatever he wanted to do in life. It really took me having my son and seeing him to realize I'm not just responsible for my own reputation, my own health, my own anything it's all about. He's such a great little boy. He's active because with the everywhere he trains with me at the gym. He's been doing it just TNI and trying to make it happen and I don't want people to see my pictures or see me stage perfect or whatever and think oh I could never do that because I'm going through this thing. Everybody has a story. Everybody. Life's hard. So if I could be an inspirational voice or tool for them to be better than I wanted. I want to use that. I don't want it to go unnoticed. I competed in figure three years ago and ever since then I've just been really training a lot heavy weights and my quads are over to Bella from the figure and I've liked to train that way. So I wanted something that would really embody how I trained and that was real. I didn't like me restricted when I trained as like a figure athlete in bodybuilding where you did sets and reps for a nesthetic purpose. I wanted performance. I've recently within the last three months transitioned completely into CrossFit. But if you talk to me four months ago you would have thought I would never happen. Now I don't go anywhere without my nanos, my Olympic lifting shoes, across ball, my straps. Once I finally looked into my CrossFit really is I had to do it. I walked into Blackburn CrossFit in Jacksonville, Florida and I walked up to the owner and I said I want to do CrossFit. I want to compete in CrossFit. He's like well how long have you been doing CrossFit? He's like you look like you've been doing CrossFit and I was like never done CrossFit. But I want to compete in CrossFit and he's like okay let's see what you got. In 70 pounds I can snatch. I look like like a four-year-old trying to do something. I was humbled quickly with I thought I was strong until I tried to do CrossFit. So my training now is a program training where I do several workouts through the day. I go in really early in the morning. About three to four or three or four days a week I do a long row. I'll row anywhere from two to K to 10,000 meters. I do a lot of running. Those are my forms of cardio. I'll do long runs. Anywhere from six, eight, 12 mile runs. I do a lot of skill training. I'm really kind of learned. The Olympic lifts. In one lift you can do it from several different positions. So just trying to master those from every point. All the spots are a big lift. I do that separate from and I want to several different ones. I try to get a program into something I'm very weak at in the middle of a wad to highlight it. CrossFit's great for me in my personal opinion. It was great to show my strengths but it definitely highlights all my weakness. I think the constant challenge of CrossFit made me really just love it. Every day I want to lift heavier, move faster, jump higher, more pull ups. There's never like I've made it in CrossFit. I think no matter where you're at, CrossFit you can always be better and you always want to be better. Your competing against the clock, leaning against yourself primarily, inner competing against everybody else. CrossFit changed my life. It gave me a competitive aspect that I wanted again. It gave me that sense of camaraderie with the other Crossfitters anywhere you go. You see Crossfitters or the box that you train at. And it also gave me new goals every day I have a new goal. In my opinion fitness is strength, flexibility, endurance, all those things not just a picture that says I'm fit because you might not be. I want something to say. Put that 400 pounds and pick it up or 300 pounds in your back and stand up. That to me is beautiful and it's strong and it's and nobody else can tell me that. I only eat to either fuel or refuel for my workouts. I don't say six times today I'm going to eat. I plan what I'm going to eat off of how I trained. So if I'm not training that day of course I still eat but it's just very limited or try some smaller scale than when I would eat if I wasn't training. Also I believe in that 80-20 roll, 80% of the time you mean eat for functional purposes of refuel or for hunger and a 20% of time nutrition is a social thing. You go up to dinner with friends there's something extra yummy and you want to try it like 20% of the time unless you're really like dialing into to compete in something. So my son I let him every time we go to grocery store. He knows he gets to pick his one treat and I call that I don't like that dirty filthy word of cheating. Like you can cheat on a lot of things in life but I don't think that nutrition should be something associated with something with your mind. Therefore if you ever fall off that wagon and to eat something that looked so tempting then you feel like you've just failed. I just cheated. Instead I treated myself to the company office party that had those nice yummy cupcakes and then you just say oh I guess I can't treat again later in the week. I think people go away from good intention when the convenience is there for something that's a little bit more handy and they drive through and they don't want to go home and they got out of the kids in the car and they just rather just make it happen one trip they pull in and all the kids are fed before they're they've even eaten before you got home. So I don't ever leave house without food ever. Things I pack in my bag and I have chickens I do tuna. I do nuts. I do Laura bars. I do carrots and baggies stuff like that. I cut celery up I chop up a bunch of vegetables and put them in avocado. I like to eat they're not very handy they have to care around avocado but I do like to put in my favorite recipes cucumber salad. It's just still lime sesame seed and cucumbers and it takes literally like three minutes. If you can always control which put in your mouth. Always nobody forces you to eat poorly. So if that's one thing that you control when you have all these other uncontrollable elements in life you should take the time to 80% of the time to eat the right things. I like to use the analogy DTS diet, train and supplement. Supplement should fill in blends. I think supplements are definitely things that should be used by everybody. So the biggest thing is to figure out what your body is naturally not producing enough of or where you might be using during your training and supplements that back into your nutrition. So for myself what I I supplement I supplement quite a few things. I take in fish oils. I take in way away I sleep. I normally take that post workout immediately after I'm done training or I take it when I'm on the go. I like to use it in cooking too. I like to throw away scoops into a pancake with almond flour through way to have a complete meal. I take in H and B's. I do Z and A's at night. CLAs. And of course I take in all my microminerals so I do a multi-bidamin. I make sure I get enough sinks and saline. Some of those microminerals that you need. Now I do so much of performance stuff so I'm not just training for strength. I train for endurance. So there's different things that I need to take in fast absorbing carbohydrates. So products that have fast absorbing proteins and slow digesting proteins fill me out or to continue to fuel me through those long workouts that I have. So it has changed and also I did a lot of more pre-workouts like caffeine stimulants throughout the day. Now I really try to cut back when I'm not training so that when I train so much and so hard with the process that I try to use this stimulants definitely around the time so I'm gonna work with um pacing pros and a nine I love to make ice cream with it. So I take all of my milk and pacing and I mix it. Sometimes I only make it to the pudding stage and I don't get it into the freezer because I'm in that hungry but if I can I leave it in the freezer for about 10 minutes and it's just perfect consistency to eat it like ice cream. And supplements can be expensive so make sure you're taking in what is good. That can balance into your budget. Why can balance in for specifically what you're doing for training? Or call me and I'll send you whole bunch of free stuff. I never want anybody to look at my story and I never feel sorry for me. I don't see myself as this incredible person or somebody that has even done anything extraordinary. I just feel that I am a normal, very normal person that has challenges that I've been through and challenges that I'm are still unseen to me. Just like we all have. When I was in the rain course I sat in this class and there was this crusty first sergeant and he sat up there and told us motivation the worst word I've ever heard. It's like a shot. You take it. Everybody's happy. Runs around and then after it's more off here. There's worse than you ever were or you had to really have that hang on from it. And I was like this guy just likes to run his mouth. Like that doesn't make any sense. When he came back with when he said instead look for something that inspires you. This is the inspirational that can last a lifetime. It could be listening to someone talk for five minutes and be like they did that I could do it too. So I try to find things that I'm inspired by and I try to you know, send an example of things that are inspirational but achievable. I'm definitely achievable and I'm not something to think that is anything beyond beyond that. It just take your goals. If you've got to write them down, stick them in places that you see them and remind yourself often of why you're doing what you're doing. You know, it's a day true that I'm Stephanie Tune in if you want to contact me further or follow me and follow me on body space. My body space name is ST14 Supergirl or Twitter, Stephanie I'm square Tune or you can find me on truestrength.com on the Optiutrition True Strength website or you can follow my personal blog site which is just steffanytube.com and for more videos and content like this, come back to bodybuild.com. Holy. We just got dropped kick by the earth. That thing came.