I'm Steve Tucker. Bodybuilding.com's postmodel, often nutrition athlete. The 2010 Bodybuilding.com, Fit Body Winner. The 2010 muscle and fitness male model winner, and the IFPD pro men's physique athlete. Before I was in the event, I was a collegiate athlete, earning my bachelor's in biology, psychology, integrated studies. This is the Big Man on Campus, 12 Week College Trainer. Today, we're going to be training shoulders and traps. Just like for all other body parts, we're going to be using both compound and isolation movements. Compound or multi-joint movements, take 60-90 seconds to rest. Because we're able to use a little bit heavier weight, you're going to need the extra rest period. When using an isolation movement, keep it to 30-60 seconds. Grab a pen and a no-pad. Classes and sessions. I like to start off with an active five-minute warm-up. First exercise, dumbbell press. When we're doing three sets, 12-16 reps, moving down and reps as we increase weights. And a final set is going to be a drop set that we do. Getting ready for this intense shoulder workout. You're going to want to take some time, close those eyes, visualize, and get motivated. You've gone up, in weight. We're dropping the reps a little bit. Still going to failure. My belief on shoulder and traps training is that they've got to be hit hard with a lot of all you. You're going to be doing over 20 sets for shoulders. It's going to be demanding. It's going to be tough. We're going to get through it. You get 60 seconds. Grab some heavier dumbbells. You're at back. Time for the third set. We've gone up to our heaviest dumbbells. I think it pumped up a little bit for this one. We've got a little bit of a bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit. You got to go over it. You're going to be doing over 20 sets for shoulders. It's going to be demanding. It's going to be tough. We're going to get through it. heaviest dumbbells. I can get pumped up a little bit for this one. All the way, completely failure. Moving right into our drops, it's a continuing. The drops set, it's typically trying to hit the same number of reps as I did on the previous set, usually around 10. Next up, we're doing some side dumbbells, we get that nice dumbbell cap. First set, we're doing about 12 reps and there will be increasing weight as we decrease reps. After our third set, we're performing a running the rack. It's a triple drop set, super intense, but it really gets a butt pump in there. This is the help build with and give you that nice wide shoulder look. The shoulder and trap training is a great way to use many different techniques. One that I always use is progressive training. I always try to beat the weights that I used last time or decrease the rest, increase the set, and shock the muscles in many different ways. For our third and final set of dumbbell lateral raises, we'd be shooting for about 8 to 10 reps, immediately dropping the weight to a lighter dumbbell to get 10 new for 8 or 10 reps, and then dropping once more. I call this running the rack, because usually the dumbbells are on the rack and you just go right down it. Just hold it, just burning away right now and just staying there for as long as you can. And that's it for dumbbell lateral raises. Next up, we're doing a reverse pectech, working that rear delt. We're going to be doing five sets of 10 to 14 reps, only taking 30 seconds in between. One thing you might not be able to tell is I never let the machine go back to its resting point that way the tension is always on my rear delt. We're going to increase the pounded, for our second set, 30 second break right back here. I've increased the weight, shooting again for 10 to 14 reps. We got our fifth and final set of reverse pectech, really striving to shoot for that 10 reps. And that's it for our third delt exercise. Next up, we have a superset, a front raise and an upright row. We're going to be doing three supersets. We're going to finish with one, go straight into the other, rep range between 10 and 14. Now the front raise I want you to do with your palms facing up. This is the best way to activate the muscle fibers and tie in that anterior delt and pecten surfaces. Get that nice separation. Now we're going to straighten that upright row. It's a little bit wider of a grip than maybe you are used to. And then after this, we have 60 seconds break. You've increased the weights. We're going to still go for that 10 reps. This is our third and final set for delt exercise before we move on to shrugs. Shoot for 8 reps. You still love how we have traps to do. There's a misconception that you have to throw a ton of weight to increase your traps size. It's about good form, squeezing. We're going to be doing a warm up set here, followed by four working sets of 8 to 12 reps, increasing the weight each time as we decrease the number of reps in this set. I also have my straps. I'm not going to use them until the weight becomes too heavy to hold. 15 reps is enough just to get the blood full and get that warm up in there. We're going to take 60 seconds, increase the weight. You're ready to go. For our second set, we've added a 45 on each side. Still don't need the straps quiet. Shoot them for 12 reps. Never is the mind and muscle connection more important than when training shoulders and traps. The reason I train these two together is because they work very closely with each other. Anytime your hands go above your shoulders, the traps come into play. That was working set number one. Now we're going to increase the weight. Take that 60 second break. Now this is when the felt and your straps come in handy. As a weight, it's too heavy to hold on your own. Strap it around the bar. It allows you to keep good form. We're not bouncing here. All the way up, holding all the way back down. Shoot for that tid red mark. I've added the weight. We're going to still shoot for 10 reps just because it's our heaviest. Doesn't mean we're going to get sloppy. And that is it for our deltories and traps. Getting into the gym and training shoulders is one of my favorites. If you really take it upon yourself, take work hard. If you want to be honest. Don't forget to watch the rest of the big man on campus training series. And for more content like this, check out BodyBilly.com.