Hi, I'm Steve Cook. I'm the 2010 Bodybuilding.com Fit Body Winner. Also the 2010 Muscle and Fitness Mail Model Winner as well as a professional level in GA Body Builder. I'm here to talk to you a little bit today about how I achieved my physique, through diet, nutrition, my training and my supplementation. I really want to help those out there that are with the transforming themselves from high school or collegiate sports, looking to get more into the fitness world. I myself put college football and high school football as well as track basketball. And that's really easy when you have coaches and you have other guys around telling you and pushing you. What do you do once you're alone in a gym? When I got out of high school, I get them playing college football. I looked at it, still in the same way. I was going into the gym with a goal online, whether it's to compete on stage, just to be healthier, have little goals to get set for yourself, whether it's two weeks. I'm going to max out and see where I'm at, two or after getting stronger. But I'm going to test my body fat. You have to go in there with something that's going to keep you motivated, keep you on track, or else you're just going to be going through the motions. There's so much of a parallel between sports and lifting. You can keep in sports, you add the final, you're going to be measured against other people. And bodybuilding, there is that competition between other people you can have. The more employment, I think it's between yourself. Every day you're going to wake up when you're in the mirror and see results. You're going to see it happening and kind of setting those goals, going into the gym, and just seeing, getting the pompous, Arnold described it or whatever, it is an amazing feeling. And going in there with that competitive mindset, just like competitive attitude, it'll take you take you a lot further. Even if it's just competing against yourself, because really when it's all said and done, the goal is to be healthier. And that's just something that's personal. When I go to the gym, it's 100% business. I don't go there to socialize, you see a lot of people in the gym, you know, run in the mouth, whatnot. For me, after the iPods and then I get like to get after it, whether it's, you know, heavy lifting, or if it's more of a circuit training depending on exactly what my goals are, I like to switch it up. I do a lot of resistance training with heavy weights, where I'm doing heavy squats, basic lifts, one thing that I do like to do is if I'm doing a basic movement, whether it's a bench presser, I do like to go fairly, fairly heavy. Down to, you know, those four reps up to about 12. I'm doing more of an isolation movement. I'm going to do a little bit more in there. I'm at the end of my workout or whatnot. But I like to switch it up, keep things interesting, and that's how I've got my best results. You know, I want to build big, big chest. You know, I saw everyone in the gym being flat bench. A bench press got real strong, but it didn't do a whole lot for my chest. And I had to kind of sit down and it was kind of a hard thing for me to do. I just say, hey, you know, bench presses and working to build my chest. I started to be more of an incline building my upper chest. For a beginner, go in in there and just doing the basic stuff will be a great foundation. You can then, you know, set your goals. Some people have, you know, genetically your disposition to build big arms. You know, I have to work on their legs a little bit or whatnot. But just just getting into the gym, starting out basic, just doing your basic lifts, really doing them proper. You know, good form, you never throw their weights around. I always change it my rep tempo. Some days it's rolling, you know, slow deliberate. Always under control other days it's more of a power, you know, training a little bit faster pace. If I'm training for mass, you know, I'm going to take a little more time between my sets. If I'm training more for a show or to get cut up, you know, it's more of a cardio basketball workout as well. I typically train on a four on one off when I'm getting ready for something, whether be a show or for the, you know, the spring trying to get a little bit more cut up. I like to go in and hit my back and buy steps one day, chest and triceps, legs and shoulders. Shoulders, I find I get the best results when I do just a shoulder workout. Cardio for me is something that, you know, I think it's very important when I'm trying to maintain or get down to a certain body fat. Or, you know, it's also very important. And, you know, if you're in a bulk, you still need to do some form of cardio just for your heart. I like to do it in either in the morning. Before my workout, I don't, I don't ever do cardio and then work out very close together. It's, you know, a couple hours apart. Or, I do cardio if I'm in a pinch right after. Cardio is one of those things you just need to, if you need to get it done, do it when you can. Platoes are something, you know, everyone's going to run into. When I hit a plateau, the first thing you do is, I look in my training logs, my body space, so what I have been doing. Obviously, it's not working for hitting a plateau, something needs to change. You do it, you need to hit harder, maybe back off a little bit. Maybe take a couple days of rest and just totally let your body look great. Maybe you need to also look at your diet. Also, sleep. Sleep something, you know, you're not going to be able to go into a gym form like you should if you're not getting out of good enough. So, you get to look at everything. And then, kind of, you know, back to the drawing boards, maybe add an exercise or two for a couple weeks. If you've been doing more of a volume, drop your sets down, show it up, you work out, train for intensity. You know, really heavy weights and, you know, just track your progress. Well, that was how I train for the full content on my whole training routine. Check out the page below. Now, time to talk a little bit more about nutrition. People ask, you know, what's your diet? And I always tell them, you know, it's not really a diet for me anymore. You know, I've made a decision to live like this and it's a healthier lifestyle. One thing that's going to definitely become apparent as you start your training is that diet plays a huge role. You know, growing up high school or whatnot, you can pretty much eat whatever you want. As long as you're in the gym, you're going to grow a little bit. As we get older, you know, our bodies are going to be changes and you're going to need good nutrition, whether you're in a bulk or cutting, feeling your body with the right sources of carbohydrates, proteins and fat, make all the difference in the world. You have a plan of a gym. Why don't have a plan on your diet as well? That's something that goes hand in hand. You can't have one without the other. I eat seven meals a day. I know that sounds a little bit extreme. My metabolism's a furnace and I'm always stoking it with fuel. And I'm always feeding it, giving it good sources of energy. Good carbohydrates, good protein. And it's always wrapped up ready to go. I try to eat every two and a half to three and a half hours. You know, when I wake up, I give something and I'm eating then until pretty much to go a bit. My meal is consistent protein and carbohydrates and good fats. A good protein source for me, you know, chicken. You know, you have the hottest cheese, chicken. You know, you hear that. I also like ground beef, really lean ground beef, good, you know, sirloin steak every now and then. Eggs, I eat a lot of egg whites. And then I also, you know, post workout. I look to get a shake in or if I'm on the go and can't grab something. But just make sure that you're hitting at least one gram for pound of body weight. Good carbs sources, you know, I like sweet potatoes, yams, obviously vegetables. People, you know, what we mean sometimes think I'm a rabbit, because I'm a mountain vegetables and what do you think? Other, other good carbs sources, I get ground rice, king law, oatmeal. I also like to carb cycle, you know, keep on the top of those and then I'm on a body guessing, you know, one day go really high, fall by, you know, a medium and a low day. Also depends on my activity level. You know, if I'm, if I'm out there skiing, you know, being very active, I can afford to, you know, more grand, grand, carbohydrates or whatnot. So I'm a little bit less active, you know, if I'm at home watching the football game or whatnot, you know, I'm going to back off the carbs and the most of my calories in the form of fats and proteins. That's a very important to test off-stream production, your body. You know, nuts and nut butter, you know, I eat a lot of almond butter, almonds to me, tastes like canyons, I love it. I also like avocados and olive oil and whatnot, but it's, you know, it's important to remember that fats are more calorie dense than the carbohydrates and the proteins. So, you know, it really does come down to calories in versus calories out when you talk about losing weight, but it's also the quality of calories when you talk about, you know, body composition. No one can go all the time without having any cravings. So, things you can do to really help out. I love the thin calorie sugar-free jellos that, you know, that gives me a, a set of size of my craving for, for a lot of speeds when I'm on a strict, strict diet. But one thing that, you know, I really, I'm a big, big believer is every now and then, you know, pro-achievement, you know, whether it's once a week or if you're just starting out once every three days or what not, then you have to allow yourself to have a break, you know, you have to allow yourself to just pour your glitters, pizza or hamburger, pick one meal and get after it. Now that you know about how important nutrition is, you can check out my full meal plan on the page below. Now, let's get into another important topic, supplementation. One other very important aspect of training and dieting is supplementation. It comes in when you can't get all your meals or you're lacking vitamins and whatnot. Supplement something that you can take advantage of and really see the gains. It's something that I like to do with it, right? I mean, a bulkying or cutting phase. The reason something that I can't do without, definitely going to be the glutamine. The branch changes me no acids and then the protein. These things no matter what cycle I'm in in my life or where I'm at, you know, I have to make sure that I get enough of. I'm really feel like the glutamine really helps repair, you know, my, my damage body from the workouts and it's something that I really can get everyone to benefit from. You know, for me, I make sure that if I get a new supplement, I always read a label. I see exactly when I should take it. Usually I take my, my multivitaminants or my thermogenic, a little before I eat breakfast. There's a lot of supplements you should take with food on an empty stomach. That's one thing that you really need to look at and see. Folded directions. Protein shakes are essential for me as soon as I can get on with my workout. There's so many supplements out and they're always coming out with new supplements and they're always are claiming things. Now you need to go, you need to check out bodybuilding.com, check out the reviews on them, make sure that they are, our, our parallel with what your goals are. I mean, not going to take a mask-aining carbohydrate protein drink if you're trying to cut. There's so many, so many great companies out there that make supplements that you really can't go wrong. But the key is to really know what you're putting in your body and know what you can expect out of it. You know, supplements, like I said, are there just a supplement case? You can't have a poor diet and poor training and take supplements and expect to have a near course. Now that you know what I do for my training, nutrition and supplementation, check it out on the page below. Or find me at Body Space. My username Steve Cook under score 32. Ask me questions anytime, I'd love to get back to you. Further content like this, check out Bodybuilding.com.