I'm Steve Kofl, BodyBilling.com spokesmodel, Optimal Nutrition Athlete for 2010 BodyBilling.com Fit Body Winner. For 2010, muscle and fitness male model winner, as well as a IFB Pro Men's Bicycle Predator. Before I was any of that, I was a collegian athlete, where I earned my bachelor's in biology, psychology, and integrated studies. This is the Big Man on Campus, 12 week college trainer, Lake Dave. This grueling Lake workout will typically take you 45 minutes to an hour. Today we're hitting hamstrings and quads. I like to start off with an active five-minute warmup, whether it's jump rope, treadmill, followed up with some leg extensions, just light enough to get the blood going. Also one thing you'll notice in my leg workout, I'm always wearing a belt. I like to lower back, keep things tight. First exercise, straight leg deadlift. We're going to be doing three sets after our first warmup set. It's going to be sticking between eight to 12 reps. Really concentrating on form, keeping things nice and tight, legs not quite locked out, a slight bend, back straight, driving through the heels. First, this is just going to be the warmup set. Here we go. After our warmup set, in between all sets, we'll be taking about 60 seconds, 60 to 90 seconds to catch your breath, get some water, leg training is really demanding, so also remember to stay hydrated. Now for our first working set, we're going to be increasing the weight. A lot of times, you might not know how much weight to go up each set. You can't learn that by trial and error. The rule of thumb, I always like to stick to, if you should always be progressing in some form of weight. If you're shooting for 12 reps and get it easy, you know, next time you need to go up more, keeping a journal also really helps you can look back and make sure you're making progress. 8 to 12 reps here, I want to be shooting for. Pour it around that 12 reps because it is my first working set, keeping good force. Legs make up some of the largest muscles in the entire body. For this reason, the mind muscle connection needs to be greater here than any other body. All right, our 60 seconds is up. I've stretched out a little bit in between, just to keep things loose, we've increased the weight, we're still shooting for about 10 reps on here, never sacrifice your form. All right, for a third and final working set, increase the weights and I've also got my straps to use here. I don't use my straps on many things because I like my forearms and my grip to be strengthened as well. But when you get up in this kind of weight, you need them. Motivation is key on life. You're going to be using a ton of weight and if you're not mentally right, it'll tear you up. Like a jump on bodybuilding.com and watch some late training videos before I go. Seeing other people going through the hell of a leg day always excites me. Also having a training partner in your ear, pushing you, not letting you give up, keeps you accountable. Met it. Hit. Straight leg dead lifts. Stretch out the hamstrings a little bit. It's next up. We have standing leg curl. Now, if you don't have a standing leg curl in your gym, a lying leg curl works out just fine. Since we've already warmed up our hamstrings, three sets will be doing eight to 12 repetitions with rest periods being 60 seconds. The most important thing, whether you're doing a standing or a lying, is to keep the pelvis flat on the bench. This ensures that you won't be swinging, no lower back will come into it, you'll have peer hamstring movements. And that is it. Next up, for our third hamstring exercise, it's a seated leg curl. We're going to be doing five sets here. We're going to be doing three rounds right around 12, but I want you failing on each one. Only 30 seconds rest, this is really going to force a ton of blood into these hamstrings burn it out. Here we go. See you see, even as the way it starts getting heavier, the form never gets soft. It's a nice squeeze at the bottom to a full extension. One thing you'll also notice, I never lock out my knees at the top when I'm lifting the weight. It's important to keep a slight bend, keep those joints healthy. Alright, you made it to the fifth and final set. Hamstrings should be on fire right now. Last set though has to be the one of the most intensity and concentration. It's where we're going to get that growth. And that concludes our hamstring training. Take five minutes, stretch out the hamstrings. We'll be contracting them for the last two exercises, time to lengthen them out. Then, we're on the quads. Now that we finished up with hamstrings, we're moving on to quarter steps. The first exercise we're going to be doing is front squats. Now the reason I like to do front squats is to really work this fast as media hours. That tear drop muscle, where they're going to the beach, wearing a little bit shorter shorts, show that off. We're going to be doing one warm upset, followed by three working sets and a drop set in which we're going to burn it out. As far as rest goes, taking 60 to 90 seconds, just enough time to recover, get back under the bar. The reason we're going to be doing quads and hamstrings on the same day is because they're opposite opposing muscles. If you think about it, when you contract your quad, your hamstring stretches and vice versa. This is my opinion, is the best way to train legs to get the most growth out of them. For our first working set, we've increased the weight. Now you might not be able to increase the weight like you would on a backsquad. The weight is a little bit more uneasy in the front squat. That's okay. Just the hang of it. Second set. We'll be shooting right around that 14, 15, 16 mark. Rip range on our second working set, 10 to 12 reps. For our third and final set of front squats, we'll be performing 6 to 8 reps, fall immediately by a drop set. So after I get done performing my 6 to 8 reps here, I'm going to immediately strip off weight until I just have 45 on your side. I'm going to continue the set and really blast the quads. And strip off the weight here. Quad's right now we're going to fire. So you're in the set like this. There's just one way to take the pass failure. And a great way to really blast those quads. Now we are done with front squats. Not too much time to rest though, as we head over to perform leg press. If you don't have this machine in your gym, find something similar to it. We're going to be doing 3 sets of 10 to 12 reps, fall by a drop set immediately after the third set. Also, one thing, changing up your foot placement, you can really keep your feet close, we'll help you work the outer sweep of the quad. Why do you need the feet? We'll really help you work the inside. I like to switch it up, hit all the areas. After your 60 seconds rest, we're on to our second set. As you can see, I was performing the concentric and the eccentric at about the same tempo there. It's important to switch it up just like you would rep range to keep the body guessing. Alright, time for our third set. This is where we would perform a drop set at the end of our 10 to 12 repetitions. We'll extend it. We're going to start burning. Immediately, decrease the weight. You can continue the set. First two exercises are in the books. Now this is time where you get a dig down deep. Get through that leg dance. It's got check time. Your legs right now should be feeling a little bit rubbery. It's time though for the last superset. We'll be doing a leg extension right into a jumping lunge. Once you complete both of them, you get 30 seconds rest. We're going to be doing three sets of each. Let's get after. I'm going to be shooting at the 12 to 15 on the first one. So I really help coordination as well as just trashing the legs. Like 30 seconds, you're back to do it all over again. Your legs are probably screaming right now. They don't want to be doing this. Go through this pain and the rest of the day everything else seems easy. When I do leg extensions, I concentrate more so on the way down. It really helps stimulate all sorts of different muscle fibers and bring out the pads. If you're going fast on legs, you're not getting a result that you could. Definitely got the Gyeongby legs going. They weren't screaming before. They probably are now. One more set, your leg day is over. Watch it just be blown up right now. Your gas, you got nothing left. Third set. Final exercise with a big man on campus leg workout. You're almost there. Increase that weight. Leave it all in the gym. You're spent nothing left. Have a buddy carry over to the stretching area. That was the big man on campus leg day. The three exercises for hamstrings, smashing quads. They should be doing a little wobbly legs. It's a good thing. There's no way around it. If you want a serious physique, you have to train legs. My philosophy on the legs is that they have to be trained heavy and with more intensity than any other body part. All content like this and the rest of the big man on campus trainer. It's all at bioblion.com.