Today is International Chest Day. So we're going to be talking about how to build a awesome chest. There's a difference between having a strong bench press and that's typically the first thing people think of when they think of a chest, they think of flat bench press. How much do you bench press? One thing people don't understand is that so many other muscles come into play when doing a bench press. So we're going to be taking those muscles out of the equation. We're going to be pre-exhausting, building an amazing chest. Let's get after it. So the first one we're going to start off with to pre-exhaust is going to be an incline cable fly. We're going to be moving next into an incline dumbbell or machine press. Finally, we're going to be moving onto a flat dumbbell bench press. Lastly, we're going to be finishing off with a tricep to absolutely annihilate the chest. The first, let's start up with that pre-exhaustion on the incline cable fly. We have two warm upsets and then three working sets. We're going to be doing 12 to 14 reps. Now the reason we're doing this first is because we're going to be pre-exhausting. We're trying to take the triceps and the anterior delts out of it. So you're going to want an incline bench set up, no higher than a 45 degree angle. And again, find a cable apparatus and center your bench to where you're going to want to be pulling down, keeping the elbow, shoulder and wrist all in the same angle. On this first set, just nice and easy. We're not trying to prove any once anything right now. This workout, you've got to check your ego at the door. Because we're doing those heavy compound movements second and third after we've already pre-exhaust, you're not going to be a strong. This has always been one of my favorite isolation movements. And then when I say isolation versus compound, isolation, we're only using one joint here. We're using our shoulder joint to move the weight. Whereas in a compound movement, you're using your elbow and shoulder. So that's a compound exercise. I use the cables because it's allowing me to keep tension on the pec throughout the entire time without using any anterior delts or the triceps. The bench was a little bit off-center there, so that's what warm upsets are for. We're using the lighter weight and then I'm able to adjust my bench here. We saw my hand position. I wasn't in a parallel grip here. I'm using more of a pronated grip. That's because I just put the angle of my upper chest. I'm more of an advantageous position here. We're using the cables and then also gravity to really give us that resistance on the way down and then a full contraction on the way up. Main thing to remember here, that elbow joint, we're not pressing here. We're keeping that elbow joint locked in the same angle throughout the entire time, focusing on that nice chest contraction there. Rest period on this, about 60 seconds is all. I'm not actually seated all the way down. I'm actually on my feet, but in back as against the pet. The reason I do this is this, to me, it's going to be easier for me to arch my back off of the pad. And again, we're not looking to put our core at any risk. So I'm actually going to keep my heels on the ground, push up, keep my butt, and that's not going to allow me to arch as much. It's going to allow me to keep contact with that pad all the time. All right, we've got three working sets, 12 to 14 reps, really concentrate on keeping that elbow angle the same throughout and squeezing at the end. Give it a good squeeze, control the weight on the way down. Now we're not looking to stretch it past 90 degrees. I put more of a risk on our shoulder joint, drop the pen, and get the second set. Now you can never isolate 100% fully one area of your chest, but by doing this at an incline, we're using a little bit of anterior delt, just a little bit, and then that upper pack. Here we go. Ah! Ah! People are such a good way to start off. I work at it for a little bit of pre-exhaust. All right, third and final working set on this exercise. Drop the pen one, go up and wait and crease that weight. I'll set best set. Here we go. Ah! Little rest pause at the top here. Ah! Ah! Ah! Oh! Test is on fire, and that's just exercise number one. Should be feeling it on that top down, really that inside of the pack too, with the cables. All right. That's it for the first exercise. Let's move on to the second one. Our second exercise we'll be doing in this chest workout is going to be an incline to Smith machine press. So, one thing we always talk about in body building and fitness is having a balanced approach. And that means top down from your physique. Your one body part shouldn't overpower another. We started off with a cable. Now we're moving to a Smith machine press. We're attacking it from all different angles. So in this exercise, we're going to be doing three sets and then throwing kind of a nasty little drop set in there. We're going to be shooting for eight to ten reps. And on this one, we're going to be changing up the negative part of the movement. On this, we're going to slow down even more to four seconds down and then exploding up. So we don't need to warm up. The chest still has a little peck pop in it. We're not going to want that by any end of it. We're going to want so much blood in those packs that we can't bounce them. Our grip is going to be a little bit closer than what we might do in a normal flat bench press. Thumbs wrapped around the bar. And the Smith machine is nice. If you're working out alone, you can racket at any different place within your bench press movement. That anterior delt is coming into play, especially because we're on an incline here so that anterior delt and chest. But because we've already fatigued the chest, the chest is still failing before the anterior delt. My elbows aren't flared out all the way here and that next to my chest either. There's somewhere right in the middle there. Getting a nice press, nice squeeze, almost a scoopy motion. All the way to the top. As it starts getting tough or you know, I keep my feet pressed for me on there. I don't want to start raising my hips and raising my feet in there so the feet set the base for the rest of the lift. Here we go. Get to set that mind muscle connection. If you can stay connected with the area that you're working out, you're always in good better work out. Come into the gym, half-assing, you know, just going through the motions. Become into the gym with a purpose. You come into the gym, knowing what you want to achieve. The chest is already getting super filled up with blood because we've done that cable work beforehand. We've put in the pre-exhaustion. The last one, we're going through a little wrench in there. We're going to drop set in with it. But again, this is Utah. Come into the gym for you. Now what you put in is what you're going to get out. So turn off the cell phone, limit the distractions. Here we go. Set number three, straight into a drop set. Up, up. That's why we use the Smith machine there. Seven, seven and one quarter reps there. But again, that's where I wanted to fail just. Right about that seven range, I'm going to strip it down to the point where I only have a 45 on each side. What we're going to do is going super wide here. Doing five to seven reps, then bringing our hands in closer, doing five to seven reps. And then finally, finally with a close grip, bench press, five to seven reps. So here we go. Three, four, five, six, six. And then finish it off with a close grip. And that is just taking it past one of the techniques that take it past failure to lighten up the weight, switch up the grip. Again, that's going to bring them more triceps as we go closer. But it's hitting just a little bit different area each time we change up that grip. And next move, what we're doing is the flat dumbbell press. Now the reason I like to use the dumbbells is because we're going to be doing some isolateral work. Everything else we're doing both arms at the same time. So we're going to be working with one arm while the other one's resting and then switching up. Again, concentrating on the negative side of things and then we're really going to explode out of there. So my right arm is just going to stay put while I'm using the left press up. Three, four, and then we just switch it back. So we've increased the weight for our second set here. We're going to be shooting for at least eight to ten reps on here. Last time I held my right arm while I did the left first. So this time I want to be alternating and switching it up. Nice, it gets trolled. Again, our set here is going to be twice as long. So the time line is tension. We're holding it even in that offhand. Some of that peck is working, the anterior deltives working while we are actually doing it, the exercise with the other hand. So again, take that 90 seconds, full recovery back at it. All right, we got set number three here. A lot of good work has gone into this workout already. We're going to finish strong. So last set, best set on this. And then we're going to jump into a tri set. Here we go. So I'm back to using your arm. I started off with since we're only doing three sets here. That right there is a killer isolation work. Making sure each side gets the same amount of work as the other. It's so easy if you're doing barbell work to let one side start taking over. It's natural. Usually one arm is dominant. That'll take over if you let it. So over time, that's happened to you. Or maybe you've had an injury. Get back to doing some more isolation work. All right, that is it. Now we're just going to go for it and then seeing pump to finish it off. So we've done our warmup, our pre-exhaustion, our incline, our flat. Now we're going to be attacking it for that lower outer pecks. We're going to be doing a decline type of movement here on the dips. So we're going to be on straight from dips to a T bar press. And then we're going to go on straight to a modified pushup just to exhaust. It completely annihilate the chest. Just force as much blood into your pecks as possible. So we're going to be doing these nonstop and then a minute rest, nonstop, minute rest, and then one more. So by the end of it, heart rate should be up too. So first and foremost on the dip, we're going to be doing a dip for chest. Now most of the time when we're doing dips, it's for triceps. The way we make it for chest is by keeping the hips back and high. The chest we're not going to round our shoulders and concave it. We're going to be keeping it out. It's going to look something like this and then bring the hips high. You can see I was almost parallel with the floor there. Straight into our T bar press here. Again, I'm just going to wrap my hands around the bar here at the top. Get a nice angle away from the bar. Almost like we're creating a triangle here. Down to the top of the peck, back up one. One, two, three, four, five, six. And the last thing, straight into our modified push-up. Now this one might look a little bit weird. You might get people in the gym telling you you have bad form, but again, it's working the muscle and that's all we're carrying about. This isn't any ego workout, so we don't care about what people in the gym are thinking about us. Our butts are going to be high in the air and as you come down you come forward as well. And then push back. Maybe get as many as you can there and then just switch it up to a normal press and a normal push-up. As long as I got a little peck pop in there, I know my chest has not gone as a failure. I got a little bit left, so I got two more rounds in here. We're going to try to get it to the point where I can't contract those pecks at all. Chest dips are very underrated exercise for chest. Get a great squeeze on there. We're going to be going down just below parallel or just below 90 degrees and then all the way up just short of locking out. That's going to keep tension throughout the movement on the peck. We're using that bent over movement. It's almost like a press, almost like a fly movement. Pretend you're hugging a tree as you are doing your chest dip as I hit failure. I did some partial reps there. It's a wave extending the set. Spin and shawth. It's our modified push-ups. Get failure there. Now get a couple more. Check your peck. Your peck bounce. It still's just a little bit damaged. All right. For the last round, everything you got. Let them left nothing left in the tank when you walk out of the gym. You should know that there is nothing else you could have done. Last set, best set. Here we go. Full range of motion now on this. We just did some partial, stuck-stended. Now we're back in the full range. Two. Three. Three. Can't do any more full ones. There we go. Buck those in the air. By doing your workout, by pushing it, we want to quit. By forcing out one of those, those one or two extra reps when your mind doesn't want to go on, but you push your body a little bit past to that point. That's going to flow over in every other area of life. Let's start right here right now with you in the gym. Just because it's not leg day or back day. Doesn't mean you should leave gasped. The peck pop. Nothing. Nothing left. Nothing left. That's good work. Again, it's a balanced approach. We hit things from every different angle. Cables, machine, free weights, and it's all done without working out your ego. Just your chest. Like always, if you guys want to see the full workout written out, check out the page below. Go ahead and leave comments and questions. Also, if you're looking for more workouts for me, there's plenty on bodybuilding.com. Also, on my website, Steve Cook Health, my YouTube Steve Cook, and then follow me. Steve Cook, underscore, 32 on all social media. If you guys want more free videos and articles, keep coming back to bodybuilding.com.