I'm Steve Chub. Bodybuilding.com, Stokes Model, Optimal Nutrition Athlete, 2010 Bodybuilding.com, Fit Body Winner, 2010 muscle and fitness, metal model winner, NIFPV Pro, Men's Physique Petitator. Before I was any of that, I was a collegian athlete, where I majored in biology psychology, integrated studies. Today, on the Big Man on campus 12 week trainer, where we be tackling back and biceps. Grab your no-pad, class and session, take your seats. This packing bicep routine is typically taking no longer than 45 minutes to an hour. You're in there to lift weight, not to socialize. You have your rest period, don't go longer than those. Do what you have to do to get in the right mindset. Throw those headphones on, turn up the volume, and let's get to work. I like to start off with an active five-minute warm-up. Now that you've got your five-minute warm-up, you're now ready to tackle a back and bicep workout. For the first exercise, we'll be doing a wide grip pull-up. We'll be doing four sets to failure. Now you have to get ten reps. Now if you need a spotter, or if you need to take a little bit of a rest in between, that's okay. Make sure you get ten reps on each set. This is a great exercise to do first, because it's a very functional movement that's going to create work. One thing I like to point out when doing pull-ups, keep the elbows as wide as you can, really concentrate on the squeeze at the top, and just lower on the way back down. Make sure you're getting at least ten. I a lot of the time shoot from 12 to 15. If I'm able to get 15, I add on weight through a weight belt. Two more sets to go. Are you feeling that back get big? You have to go into the gym with your game face on if you're going to get the maximum results. Take ten minutes and really think about what you can be doing. Sing yourself with that back you really have always wanted. We're ready to move on to T-Barrow. The second back exercise we're going to do is a bent T-barrow. Make sure you get your belt when performing this lift, which you want to do is you want to keep that back flat, nice and straight, keep the butt lower than the hips. We're going to be doing three sets, and on that third set we're going to do a drop set. The nice squeeze in that lathe, this time coming up full contraction to both stitches. That one right there, get you that big barndool back. All right, time for that third and final set, what we're doing this time, drops it. So as you can see, I've increased my weight each time. What am I doing here? Let me go to failure. Shooting for about ten to twelve reps, but I'm just going to go. It's like I've nothing left in the take. I'm going to strip off two plates, and continue going. That's it. You can see, it's real tough, but my form never suffers. That's it for T-bar. Next up, got a little co-scritch pull down. We're going to get on that lathe length. We're getting after it. This is really to activate the lower part of the lathe. Get a good squeeze. We're going to be doing three sets, and after that third set, we're immediately doing a drop set here. We're going to be keeping the reps between ten and twelve. We're going to increase the weight for our third set. Finish off with a drop set, and that'll be it. Really, increase the weight. That's it. The co-scritch pull down. Next up, we're going right into single arm dumbbell rows. Now, one thing to remember on these, keep that elbow as close to the body as possible and pull back. Not just straight up, but pulling back to your hip. Really isolates that lower lathe. We're going to be doing three sets. We're going to be shooting for eight to twelve reps. Always like to incorporate two rowing movements. It's really good to get that back to thickness. Now, if you feel the knees to start using straps, don't. The only time you should is if you can no longer handle the weight at all. We have to build some forearm and wrist strength as well. We're set out of the way. Time to go up and weight. You shouldn't feel it as much into your arms. If you are going to need to light the weight, it should be all flat. 60 seconds. Got the bigger dumbbell. Last set. Let's do it. Let us it for dumbbell row. We have one more back exercise to top it off. For the final back exercise, we're going to be doing rope lap pull downs. Now, this is going to really target the lower lathe. Use a light enough weight that allows us to about 15 reps. We're going to do five sets, 30 seconds break. One thing to remember when doing these is really keep the chest high as you bring the weight down. Now, remember on these the stretch. This is important as the contraction. Get a better contraction further than the stretch we do. Also, in between sets. To stretching up those lower lats. Alright, my step for back, make it your best. And that's it. Now that we've blown it back, we're moving on the blast and some bicep. First exercise we're going to do is a standard barbell of curl into a cheek curl. Now with this you want to take a little bit wider than shoulder width grip and concentrate on the last two-third movements. You want to watch you lock it out on the bottom, keeping it right here, all the way up, elbows down by your side, pure bicep contraction. We're going to be doing four sets, two sets of strict movement and two sets where we cheat a little bit. I throw in biceps with my back days because you work so much of the bicep as a secondary muscle when training back. Our second set, we're going to shoot for about eight reps. That's it, get to there, strict now, let's get into the cheeks. Now a little bit about cheek curls, the name's a little bit deceiving. You cheat to make it harder, just enough to get up that weight. It's going to be kind of the compound movement for biceps and one that builds math and we're going to be shooting for about six reps. And like they said, cheat to make it harder, not to make it easy. As you can see there, I was throwing my back just enough to get it up and control on the way down. Because we did add some weight, we're only going to do four reps. Next up in our bicep routine, we're going to be doing a little incline dumbbell curl. Now with this, you're going to want to make sure you're stretching all the way down, not quite to lock out, but getting a full range of motion and a nice squeeze up top. This is a great overall bicep builder, as well as when you come up, turning that wrist out, getting that pinky higher, really going to help bring out that lower cut. Four sets, 10 to 12 reps, rest period 30 to 60 seconds somewhere in there. All right, third set. And on that, you can tell I brought my legs up and crossed them. The reason I do that is to take any kind of momentum, I have my legs are anchored to the floor. It's got to be pure bicep contraction. Now that our two mass builders are out of the way for the biceps, we're going to be moving on the spider curls with a supersetted dumbbell hammer curl. We're doing two sets of each and we're going to be doing pretty much the failure. Hopefully it's around 10 to 15 on each, like I said, just go, go, go. Super setting, these two exercises really hitting that peak straight into the hammer curls, working on the brake yallas. I'm going to get an unbelievable pump, it'll be sure it's going. Paul, my 30 seconds rest, quick drink if you need one, right back. Time to get after it. And that concludes our back and bicep portion of the big man on campus trainer. One thing I like to do is keep a record of all the weights I use. Now you don't have to do it every single time you work out, you're making sure you know that you're increasing weight each time you lift is important. Reverse to bodybuilding.com for more content like this. Sure check out the rest of the videos.