I'm Steve Shier, I'm one of the HRT contest winners hosted on Bodybuilding.com. Well, at first I'll send you a show for myself at least. I can really speak to the fact that they were very eager to flating. I mean, that's what I found right off the bat. I mean, I was doing a lot less weight than before. And also, it really pointed out when you were doing form incorrectly, because it was really difficult on the stabilizer muscles. When you were working with partner assisted resistance. Oh, the first time, it was embarrassing. I mean, it was painful. We were going through there. And you goes for hurting. We could not even complete. All the reps that we were supposed to do. I mean, when it got down to the health metrics, we were burned. We don't have any trainer partner. He really calls you out on your shirt. You know, there was some days where I just wasn't feeling it. And having a loss there, he made sure that I did the weight that I was supposed to do. You know, I was on a cutting diet. So I had very low energy. So we got very difficult at some points. But having a partner there, he really called me out. And I was acting. And he wasn't acting the last, both. We have a different training style. So I had to work with him in various ways. I know that I was going to push up a little hinge as well. I would say we were competitive. But the way that we were competitive is we both really wanted. We had certain goals that we wanted to meet. We wanted to make sure that we met the goals. And our goals were different. My partner was putting on weight. I was losing weight. So really the competitiveness was just making sure that we held up our end of the deal. We did what we needed to do. I started at a tooth 30. I ended up, I believe, around 2014. And it was actually interesting because before I started the cut, I gained about five pounds. First four weeks that really was bulking up, I was putting a muscle in strength. The last day of weeks I started a cut program. And what I will say is I actually had strength increases while I was cutting. I just did not expect. Before I started the program, I couldn't even do a dip with body weight. I was kind of embarrassed. I'm a big guy at 230 pounds. I still couldn't do one single dip from body weight. At the end of the program, I was able to comfortably do eight reps of body weight plus 45 pounds. There's a lot of programs that promise you, gigantic gains, or huge cuts. Get ripped real quick. Things like that. I was very skeptical of any program that I saw, but I'll tell you by the end of the program, I was down to a routine. We got them in general. We were machines. We did what we needed to do. We were in and out of there. We made it work. By the end of it, we had a pretty personal contact with a couple of the guys at animals. We were getting help from all different sources, which was extremely beneficial and actually took a lot of our weightlifting to the next level. The people that I would recommend it to, I guess the earlier stage would be somebody who's looking, who's actually beginning to take bodybuilding seriously. Because it's a very painful program. So if you're not committed to it, you're not going to do it. So you need someone who's already started seeing some benefits and knowing that bodybuilding is working for them. Who really has a goal in mind and they want to meet that goal. I mean, that's the first time I would tell you, use HRT, reach that goal.