I'm Steve Cove, Bodybuilding.com Spokesmodel, Optimal Nutrition Athlete. 2010 Bodybuilding.com, Fit Body Winner. 2010 Muscle and Fitness Mail Model Winner, as well as a IFBB Pro Mint's physique competitor. Before I was any of that, I was a collegian athlete, where I majored in biology, psychology, integrated studies degree. For the next 12 weeks, I'm going to be your fitness professor. This is Bodybuilding.com's Big Man on Campus, 12 Week College Trainer. Take your seats, class is in session. Today, we're going to be hitting chest and triceps. You're going to be performing eight exercises. So take your anywhere from 50 to 70 minutes. It's going to be super intense. I don't want you in there for eight ton of time. It's getting smashed. I think you'll get back out. Grab a pen and then no pad because you're going to be working out with me today. I like to start off with an active five-minute warm-up. All right, we just got done doing our five-minute warm-up. She feel ready to go. Now we're onto our first exercise and climb barbell press. We're going to hit a warm-up, eight to 12 reps, and then we're going to do three working sets of eight to 12 reps. All the continuation of that third set, we're going to drop the weight. Doing it set at 21, I'll talk more about it later. That is it for our warm-up set. Let's get serious. Time to start adding some weight. Everything I do is based on progression. Adding weight is crucial. You have to learn how to each time you come to the gym, focus yourself, add the weight to the bar, decrease rest time to ensure your intensity is always staying at a peak output. We're going to go to the center on each side. We can go to the stretch, keep ready for that set number two. Let's get after it. All right, this is the third set. It's time to get after it. We've up the weight, don't let that form get sloppy. I hope you've set up a little bit for this one. Now what you learn in the gym each day is something you can transfer for your school studies and to the rest of life. The discipline, the focus, as soon as you step foot into that gym, it is all business. All right, from there, we're going to immediately keep off the weights, taking it down just a 45 on each side. Go with a little bit, this is a technique I used to extend the set and take it past failure. We're going to be doing here. I'm going to go in 21 and I'm switching up my hand placement to really isolate the different areas of the chest. First I'm going to start in close. You'll notice that when I do these, I don't go down all the way. That is really to save my shoulders. I stop generally three to four inches before my chest and I continue pressing it all the way up. We're attacking it and a couple inches wider. This big man on campus 12 week old trainer, you're going to have to schedule time for workouts, class, social life. That's the only way to succeed because we're going to be pushing you to your limits. It's going to get a little more time. Yeah, I stopped through that. Get a good pump. You ready to hit the rest of that chest. Moving on to our second exercise, incline and dumbbell fly. The reason I'm doing two incline exercises is to really work on my upper chest. It's always been a week area of mine. So I've used a priority principle and I'm training it in the beginning of my workout. What we're going to be doing here is three sets, eight to twelve reps. We've already warmed up our chest and on that final third set, we're going to drop the weight, extend the set with a drop set. Let's get after it. I know you might not be used to doing back to back incline exercises in a couple weeks. You'll be thinking for me. A couple things you might notice on this is I'm not touching the weight at the top. I'm keeping constant tension underneath that chest all the way down. Coming up, stopping about six inches apart, keeps that chest working. Six seconds is up onto the second set. All right, moving on. This is our third and final set on dumbbell incline fly. We've got a drop set here. So we're going to be using our heavier weight, eight to ten reps. Going straight from there, no rest. Back down to what the weight we started out with. It's going to really force that blood. Get a great pump. Big down deep. One thing that I want you to really do before you ever step foot in the gym and do my trainer is get your mind right. Get motivated every day, prepare yourself to go through a fell. This isn't going to be easy to guess what life and color is in easy. All right, now that we've got a great burn for that chest, moving on to flat dumbbell press. This is our third exercise. We've already done two for our upper chest and it's super swollen right now. What this is going to do is really build our mass and thickness through our middle chest. We're going to do four sets here, six to ten reps. Go a little bit heavier and because it's a compound exercise, we're going to go 60 to 90 seconds rest, catch our breath a little bit. Get after it. All right, rest time's up. Time to get back to work. This is our second set. We're increasing the weight. Time to get serious. Now you might have to use a little bit lighter weight than you're used to using. Don't let that bug you. You're still working that muscle. All right, it's our third set. We're starting to get a little bit of heavy here. Form can't suffer though. Keep that chest expanded. Really focus on keeping the elbows tight. Don't want the anterior delts to start working or the tricep. Focus it in. Go land the chest up. Hold one to see it head rocking. Bees crunch on the b-boys up by the hip-ing. The base drop show for sounds like a drum. Everybody's in the club getting the fly. However, hands in the sky you're moved to the floor. Leave your stress and go and hop on this. And that's the bring the way up. Don't press straight up. I bring it a little bit up over my head. Just concentrate on squeezing everything together. All right, fourth and final set. Last set, best set, time to dig deep. Got about six reps. Time to put your game face on. All right, this is going to be the fourth and final chest exercise we do. We're going to be doing a modified dip as well as a push-up. It's going to be supersetted. We're going to be doing three sets of each. No rest in between. Your chest is going to be on fire. But after this, we're done with chest. Getting into this is a little bit more technical. As you raise up into a like you would a normal dip. You don't want to lean forward a little bit. Keep the chest over the knees. And as you come down all the way down and it's really squeeze with the chest. Going down all the way stretching the chest and coming up just short of lockout. No pressure should ever be on the triceps. It should almost be like a fly movement. Immediately, no rest down and two. Almost like a yoga downward dog position. And going to rock forward. Push up. Push back. Doing these back to back fashion allows you to just get a massive pump. It is great for finishing up a chest. It leaves your gas. But chest, on fire. Alright, 30 seconds is up. You might not feel like you're ready to go again. It's not. Toast it. Alright, this is going to be the last and final chest exercise. So it separates the tenders from the contenders. Here we go. My chest now is spent. We are finished with chest. We did over four exercises. Getting all of the areas upper, middle, lower, inner and outer right there. Next, tricep portion. We are going to start off with school crushers. Coming at you. For our first tricep exercise, we have school crushers. Supercetted with a closed grip bench press. Now this is going to be the basic mass builder for the triceps. We are going to be doing one more upset here. Followed by three working sets of eight to 12 reps. And each one is going to be a super set. Going to blast these triceps right off the bat. We are using the eye train chest and triceps together because when you work out your chest, you are working your triceps as a secondary muscle. So what I like to do is after hitting the chest, throwing a couple extra sets to really blast the triceps. Anytime you are doing a pushing exercise, you are usually hitting both. That is it for the warm-up set. We now have three working sets to go. We are going to take you 60 seconds rest in the swing. With the warm-up out of the way, we are now moving into the first working set. I am going to be doing eight to 12 reps. Let's get after it. One thing to keep in mind in between sets, grab a drink, flex a little bit, stretch out some muscles, and keep your eye on the clock. 60 seconds is all we are taking here. This is the second working set. This is now the third working set we are on. I have increased the weight each time to where it is getting heavier. My reps are going down. Next includes the first exercise for our triceps. We did a compound movement in school crushers, close grip bench press, really working on the mass of the tricep. Next up we will do more of an isolation movement. Rope extensions. For our second tricep exercise, we are going to go with an isolation movement, rope extensions. It is a great one to bring out the details. And because it is an isolation movement, we are going to bump up the reps. 12 to 16, still keeping it at three sets. As you can see, there is not a lot of movement in my shoulders. Elbows rest down by the side, all triceps. We have increased the weight a little bit, still keeping the reps a little bit higher. Rest time has only been 30 seconds, so we are still going to get a lot of blood in there. If you notice there at the end, I did some partial movements. If you have an upper or lower area of the triceps, that is a little bit weaker. Doing a couple extra partial reps can really force blood into those areas. Now look at the triceps on fire. We are going to move to our final exercise, dumbbell overhead extensions. Now this is one giant set with four drops. Starting off with the heaviest weight, as many as you can. Immediately, dropping to a lighter weight as many as you can. Do that two more times, you will be blasted by the end of it. No rest. You are all fired now. That's it. After that, you should be able to move your arms. We know it's working. And that is it. You made it through. Chest and triceps portion of the big man on campus trainer is finished. In this big man on campus 12 week college trainer, you are going to have to schedule time for workouts, class, social life, really to do it all. And that is the only way to succeed. Knowing when to play, when to work is crucial. So by really harnessing that mental toughness in the gym, you will be able to use it out of the gym. Make sure you check out the rest of the videos and bodybuilding.com for more content like this. Class dismissed.