Stop doing your leg extensions like this. Non-sense. All right, a couple things I want to show you. So you have a couple dials you can move here. First dial is you want to get this pad as far back as you can so you get greater range of motion. All right. Second thing is you want this pad to be at the bottom, essentially close to your ankle. All right, you don't want it up your arms or your chin. That's going to take a lot of people make it. It's very uncomfortable movement. And the third thing is to see, you want to see to go far and also that the back of your knee is snug with the pad. Once you have that, you have a couple things you need to take into consideration here first. Grab the handles and with the handles you want to drive your arm. Into the pad. Make yourself a stable as you can possibly be. So that would look something like this. And the last thing is you want to point your toes up and you don't want your feet to be out like this. Or inwards like this you want them to be straight lined up with the hips and the bones. Pointing up this one. You got a better contraction in the VMO. That part of the quadricep that we're isolating. All right. So lock yourself in. Now don't swing the wings. A lot of people do this. It's terrible. This is where a lot of knee pain comes in. You want to control the movement because this is isolation. And when you're at the top, you're going to spend some time because this part of the quadricep is fully short. And a lot of people don't spend a lot of time here. So you really want to control this contraction. Really own it and control it down. This is not an exercise where you want to put in a lot of weight and get your ego in it. No drop your ego. Go for higher repetitions 10 plus and really control it and own it. If you really want to develop the quadricep, especially that tear drop part of the muscle. That's your best intention. All right guys. Like and follow for more. And if you know a bro or bro let that does this incorrectly, please share it with them. All right.