I would love to tell you that I came in here and I ticked but week number one. That would be a lie. I barely lived through my first workout and that hurts me to tell you because I didn't think it was going to be so bad. I saw the workout on paper and when you look at it, it's really not a crushing workout. I got through the first few lifts. I'm going along, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, we're doing a bamboo bar overhead press and the first set we did on it. I feel like the ball was going to come out of my hands at the top of each rep. I'm thinking wow. Either Tom is kind of soft and the programming is soft or I am just, oh, that good. Second set of bamboo bar presses, I barely finished and it was only downhill from there. As I went through the workout, things got worse and worse and by things, I mean me, I started deteriorating pretty significantly and was dropping IQ points probably every couple seconds. I can't remember a lot of what you're seeing from that workout. Once I got into a certain point in my, and my de-evolution over that workout, I have no active memory of any of it. I was talking to some of the guys afterwards, they thought I was like stalling or kind of by time because my coordination was off, I couldn't get a belt on, I couldn't get it off. I genuinely don't know what happened, but I do know that I am in much deeper water than I expected to be. And again, I didn't come in here with a big ego. I didn't think I was going to crush everything, but I also didn't think I was going to get completely steamrolled. And I did. Where's the rounddown workouts? Now this is the most physically uncomfortable training session I have ever done. I got that journey session more emotionally stressful. I think it turns out it's a weight in our, or what I've tried to do. I've got to have some of this physical that I've had the wall. This is like this deals like super credit, super setting, like truck balls. Like, you know what truck will deal off, you sit down right. You know what? This is like, too truck ball, relax, too. Imagine who would go, who actually truck, but that's I both. I can't get away from the ticket, can't you? Yes. He's just fucking anti-tag needle of the fucking workout. Yes, good. Like, yes, good. You're going to try it. Yeah, you can. So from here, I can't cut any corners. If I intend to live through the next three weeks of training here, I need to get everything nailed down. So my food is going to be perfect. Every meal, every day, the same couple things, I'm going to take every single supplement I can that I have with them doing multivitamin. I'm doing a postwork out. I'm doing a pre-work out of a book. Approaching out, I am doing everything. Everything I could possibly handle, or everything I could possibly include in my routine, I'm including. I'm doing the sauna, I'm doing the cold point. I'm doing normatech boots. I'm going to sleep as much as I can. I'm going to drink a lot of water. I am trying to nail every single aspect of this to the point that I've decided to move into the store room at the gym. And be here 24, 7. To give this undivided, monk mode levels of attention. So here is the plan as we move forward. I've got three significant workouts per week. One of the whole body day, that's the one that almost led to my untimely demise. Then I've got a heavy upper body day and a heavy lower body day. It takes into that week. I also have three light workouts every week. More extra workouts. We're doing some postural stuff, some sled work, some recovery work, overall. I'm going to be using the armory for body work to stay together. I'm going to be eating a gram of protein per pound of body weight every single day drinking. Five liters of water taking all of my supplements, including the multibitamin. The recovery shape, the pre-workout, the protein powder. I am taking every single measure possible to make sure that I am not the reason that I've below this month and do not represent what results are possible. Despite the fact that after this first hard workout, I think there's a chance I just die. There's a chance that this ends with my funeral. That'll be the next episode. If I have another workout like that, it might actually kill me. And that's how this project could end. Hello, the week. This week's getting absolutely obliterated. But now I'm genuinely understanding that this is even more serious than I thought at first than I have to be equally as serious as I approach this. Not only to get the most out of it, but to live through it. So I'm hoping when I see you next week and tell you about what has been happening, I've got some good news. As opposed to the news I had this week, that is I am barely alive, but I am going to be spending the next week getting as serious and as consistent as dedicated and disciplined as possible. And I'm hoping the next time we talk, I've got some good results to show you. Scent prayers.