I look at each of you and I see the marks of this long and terrible war. If we die tonight, mankind dies with us. I'm always in a pretty good shape. From one to ten, I will consider myself always in seven and eight. But for this movie, obviously I had the first to gain the weight back because as you remember, the skeleton of 1984 and the body, I remember I think it weighed around 228 pounds for that movie. And so I wanted to get that body weight back and have the same kind of size, so it's believable. So I went back to my kind of system of drinking protein drinks twice a day in between meals. So it would be breakfast and lunch. We had a protein drink and then between lunch and dinner. I had another protein drink. And then the food supplements, you know, the great thing now is you have those packages. And so it was easy to be reminded all of that. I'm okay. They're this in the morning, they're this at night. So it was no problem to do that. But I think it's very important to do it. Because it just can't get enough in the unendertrition and protein with just regular food. Number two, it was important to really train the cardiovascular system. Because I know with stunts, it's not just in the actions, not just doing it one times of two times or five times, you do this stuff all day long. And so it'd be really ingrained at letting an infysical shape for those kind of things. Because the punishment is already hard enough, but the endurance is to keep things there. I don't think that this terminate is more special than the first terminate of the second terminate or the third one. I think the disease is just an ongoing kind of a story. And what this pedigal movie has done is it has set a read on some of the rules. We were very fortunate that we had really a producer like David Nelson and Dana. They were really close attention to the storyline and they do have the best script writers involved with it. And also to hire director Alan Taylor, who is an assistant extraordinaire, job. And we thought of it to move it to the movie just before it did terminate. And he was fantastic. He really has a great vision. And so I think by having talented people like that and the talented cast that this amount of time makes the movie really, I think a great movie and the great entertainment. It's amazing to kind of visual the knowledge that is available. That you can recreate me from 1984 with that body. Exactly the way I was standing there naked in front of this punk and asking for their clothes. And they have me then standing there, not with split screen, but all on the same screen. And having this fight since it's really fantastic. So this is what makes this movie kind of unique that we now have additional kind of technology available. We'll entertain people even more. So if the big action seems to be also after the magic of the visual effects. I would say that without sport, I would have never really learned the lessons that are so important for life. Coming from the body building background and from the lifting background and having this done before was really the foundation to everything that I've done without that that wouldn't be sitting here today. You know, I think every one of you out there know that terminate is coming out on the true life for a weekend. And I know that all of you will say, I'll be there. Watch it. Run! Where is he? I'll be back. What?