What? Hey everybody, it's Terry Cruz from the new movie, the best action movie ever summer. The expendable. With the best of the long jet-league Jason State of Randy Cotour, Mickey Roark, myself. It's going to be great and you might know me from the old Spice commercials. And I'm glad to be here with Bodybuilding.com. Let me tell you something. You will never ever ever see a cast like this. Ever, in movie history, it's the Haley's comment of action movies. I'm trying to say, dude, you're just a stock-skilled level. Will jump when you get into theater. I'm a hot guy. I play a guy by the name of Haley Caesar. The best movie name of all time. Okay, who's a long, very old weapon specialist. I'm passionate about my weapons. I have a gun that I'm literally called my girlfriend. You know what I mean? But that's my character. My specialty is always been my guns. You know what I mean? It's kind of like, that's my deal. And this is what we've survived. So I put me in. It's that, you know, he knew that I had the look. You know what I mean? It was like, to guide a hold in the gun. And a lot of military guys were like, wait a minute. He wouldn't have. He wouldn't wear anything sleeveless, but I was like, hey man, this is the movie. I'm here to show you an exercise that I do to get ready for most of my films, TV shows, projects, especially the expendables. It's called the 24s. And basically, it's four different exercises with six reps each. And I'm telling you, this thing will work your core. It works your shoulders. It works the lower body. You are totally done. And because you do so many reps, it's almost like a cardio workout. Let me show you. First exercise in the set of 24s is an upright rope. I'm going to show you how to do it. Three. Grip the way. Make sure your grip is close together. Bend your knees. Come up into it. Set it in it. Make sure you have your balance. And here we go. We're going to lift the bar all the way to our chin. Six reps of... And then we immediately, we widen our grip. And we go up, do six power clean. Without banging it on the floor, with metal weights. If you have some rubber weights, go ahead. But with the metal, you all got to be conscious of the floor. So here we go. You got to get down and explode on every jump. And we're going to jerk when we get it up to the top. Explosion is what it's all about. Make it come from here. Come on. Your hips. And you set it in you to six reps. Right after those six power clean, we close our stance a little bit. And then hit a Romanian deadlift. You don't have to go past your knee. Just enough so you feel it in your back. You're working your back. And you're fulfilling your hamstring. And then you're going to pull your hips up. Now, directly, we're going to Romanian deadlift. We're going to do six jumpswalks. Take it to a clean, get it up behind your back. Rest it on your shoulder. And then you get down and explode. Right up into the... Keep it in your back. Right. Close. That's it. Drink it down. Hey guys, as you can see, 24s has you winded pretty quickly. So you have to be careful. Make sure you start with very, very small weight. The whole thing, this is not about how much weight you have. It's about the explosion. Even if you start off with just the bar, that's real cool, man. As long as you get the movement and make it correct, and do all the reps in the sets, you will get burned. And it's one of the things. This is exercise I do every time it's a shoulder day for me. It's best you with the jerk, and I started out with this. So now, come on, engines run it. I'll go right into my shoulder exercises. And it's got me warm, it's got me ready, because the shoulders can be a really sensitive area. I work out very, very hard. My thing is to always be as hard and as cut as possible. But within parameters, you don't want to be just starving and having no strength. And with a role like this, I knew I was going to take a lot of energy, man. Just to get through the days and make the physical stuff work. My workout that goes through the week is pretty much cardio every day. And I usually get on the treadmill, and I'll do half an hour at 7.0, with me running 3 and a half miles every day. Monday is a shoulder day where I have a lot of power queens, I work my shoulder. Tuesday is a back day, everything we garden back. Wednesday is strictly cardio, and I usually double up my cardio that day. Sometimes I do five miles instead of 3.5. And then call it a day. Thursday is a chest and arms, and if Friday is a big, big, big, big day. I go in endurance and heavy weight. So it's always a good balance of doing, I get to the gym, consistency, always. And if you have to not do exercise for a while, just leave it alone, but work on other things. You know what I mean? It's always something you can do. I train very, very hard. I train as if I'm still in an NFL in a lot of ways. I mean, I use a lot of NFL style work out. Tons of power queens, lots of explosive movement. Get up, I pull in the morning, just to wake you up, then I take my vitamins, then I work out, I mean, pretty much on that. Then I had a protein shake, like right after the workout. And then about two hours later, I'll have some yogurt, granola, that kind of thing. And then for lunch, I usually hit get a salad, chicken salad with the beans, the lettuce, no rice, nothing like that, but with the meat and the whole thing. Then I might grab another protein shake. And then for dinner, it's a good chicken breast. I'm always adjusting whatever I see. And it's always like some chicken breast you can grab and that whole thing for dinner. And it's a call of the day. I'm not opposed to having some bread or some tortilla chips. And because I really burn it off, I have a very, very active lifestyle. To be here and to be in this position and to watch yourself on a screen, and the movie looks great, man. It's just, it's like, man, it makes all those years, not that pain worth anybody who trains. No, it's 100% pain. It's kind of like the theme of this movie. You know, you know, then the expendables, it's like people try to retire you. They literally, I mean, I look as a stilom, man. They try to put them out the past, you know, like, do it, you're done. You did your thing. Now, we got to give it to somebody else, and, you know, you should be over. But you always have to come back. It's always about rebuilding. You always have to say, I'm not going to stop. And the thing is, why? Why stop? I'm going to never give it. I'm going to always stay in shape. At forever. You see me, I'll be the best looking 90 year old guy you've ever seen. That's my plan. Let me tell you, for more content like this, you've got to go to bodybuilding.com. It's the place of eBay. Expendables. August 13. Bye!