Hey everybody, my name is Terry Cruz and you might know me from the expendables from everybody hates Chris, my brand new show, how we dare yet. I am here right now with you with BodyBuilding.com to show you the number one back workout that I do, my favorite one. On a time we can go have one of those co-op effects. I'm just now in a thin, ah, this is you and me. We work it out together today. Burn the music up, turn your jazz up because we bought the hit it. Everyone focuses on the push movements, but you're really to get your back together. You have to focus just as hard on the pull movements. This is what today is all about. All right, ain't no bacon on this one y'all. Let's do it. Ready? Ready? First thing we're going to do is start with a 5 minute warmup on the bike. All right, here we are. I cannot stress the importance of getting a good warmup because man, it gets everything the blood flowing, the whole deal. You can't run a Ferrari test to the road to straight from zero to 100. You can kind of guide your way up. So here we go. We bought the juff on this bike man. We've got our warm up on. And you know, you should set the resistance a little high so that you can warm up your legs. If you have a bike where the resistance is between 115 and 115, one being an easiest, 15 being the hardest, I say you set it between five, six or seven. You don't want to go too fast because this is not the workout. This is all about this warming it up. Okay everybody, our first exercise is the Romanian debt lift. I brought my straps. We're using heavier weight and not going down so far so we can really focus on what this is about, which is your back. I usually start out like 135 as a warmup set and then I go into four sets of 10 with heavier weight. Make sure your knees are slightly bent and keep your back arched. You're not want to roll your back. Time to get a little break. You just have some good O-d-H2, man. It's the way to go. All right, our next exercise is a good old fashioned pull-up. I use straps just because I want to focus on my back. The first set of our pull-up exercises is the behind the neck and we're going to go all the way to failure. You're going to get about a minute rest and then we're going to go right into a one-arm pull-up. You're going to take each arm to failure. You basically have a grip on both of them but you're doing them focusing on one arm at a time. Switch. And then go to the middle and even it up. Burn it up. All right, the next move and our pull-up exercises are the close grip pull-up. Again, it's all the way to failure. There's it there. Here we go. Really get an extension. Nice. The last set of these four pull-ups that's two failure is just a standard pull-up. Just the same ones you have a gram popper used to do. Woo! That's it. Okay, we just got down with our pull-ups. We're headed right over to the squat rack and this is it. I usually use an underhand grip. Some people like the overhand. It depends on what's comfortable for you. All right, this guy's down with the first set. I'm going to add some more weight. So we're going to hit the second one right now. We're going to add a little more weight. We're going to hit the third one. All right, now we're headed over to dumbbells. We can get those rolls over there. Now we're moving on to the bent over dumbbell rows. You want to be really careful, you want to keep your back straight and you want to really feel the squeeze at the top. We're going to do four sets of 10. I'm working with 100's here. I stay with one weight the whole time. This is all about concentration. You're trying to work on the detail. That's one. We're going to get a 30-second rest and then we're going to hit it again. That's two. One more set. Now we're going to move on to the hammer straight high row. You're going to hit a hole in another section of the back. You want that cover? You got a paper to cover. All right. Now we're moving on to the hammer straight high rows. We're going to work the lower section of your last. The idea is to get four sets of 10. The last set is to failure and I add weight each time. Another thing I want to stress is that a lot of guys use these hammer straight and they keep their feet on the floor. Here you want to make sure that you get your feet up on the post here because if you're feet on the floor, you have a chance of rocking and then not going to this thing over. Especially when you get into heavier weight. This keeps you secure and keeps you locked down. Really stress the back and concentrate on where you want this thing to hit. That's the first set. Trying to put some more weight on. Forget about 30 seconds rest. I'm going to put my last set on. I got five plates going on. Now I'm going to failure. This is it. That's failure. That's failure. Okay. We're going to do four sets. Try to get 10 reps. We're going to add a little bit of weight each time. And this is pretty much the last heavy kind of exercise you're going to do on your back. I don't go heavy weight on with this because we went heavier but I really want to focus on what you want to hit with. Which is that middle of your back. Make sure you keep your feet up. Good grip and here we go. So I'm going to add a little bit more weight. About 30 seconds rest. We'll hit the last one. There we go. Now we're over here over at the back extensions. This is basically a warm down. I do four sets of 10 because we've already done a lot of heavy heavy motions with a lower back. So now it's all about warming it down and making sure everything's still in place. You know, after you've already hit it. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. We're going to do some sit-ups because with your core you want to keep it balanced. You've been working your back so hard. I like to use a ball today because right now my back is pretty tight. We're going to do four sets all the way to failure. I like to keep my arms in front of me across and we just crunch it up. Oh, oh boy. I got a little cramp. I just got a cramp on my first set. And you know when you're cramping that might need failure. That's the good one. We're going to keep going. Oh, I actually started to drill a little bit. Oh. Woo. One more. The last one of the day, y'all. This is where all the games happen. Four quarters. Five seconds left. You get the ball. I got it. Here we go. Let's take it all the way in. All right, y'all. That's it. You did it. You made it. You got the cobra back. You got the bite somebody with it. I'm telling you, thank you for doing this with me. And if you want to incorporate this workout into your journey routine, please check out the page below. I'll share your cruise. And I'll tell you. For more content, just like this, check out Bodybuilders.com. Oh. Guns are going up. Oh. Oh. What? What?