Life happens in time passes, and then we're stuck with little time who exceeds like an impossible goal. But what if I told you all you need to three weeks? I built a program for people just like you and me. Physi-professionals with careers, families, and limited time. This isn't a bad diet. It's a crash course in achieving a rip-a-zique, you can only short amount of time. I'm giving you the complete meal plan, supplement my guide, workout videos, and even more. No gimmicks? No hype. Just 21 days. 21 days to look your best. 21 days to get ready for that special event. Just 21 days. What's stopping you? Hey, what's up, guys? This is Corey Gregory. Senior President Co. I'm a founder and muscle farm, but I'm also a certified personal trainer and nutrition coach. I'm here today to tell you guys about the busy diet. I've worked with some of the busiest professionals around. All the way from soccer mom at the gym, the whole time job, up to the professional athletes. I'm not having grand-page jacks in the Michael Bay. I'm here to help you build a body in three weeks. Most people are used to 12 weeks, but the busy diet is a condensed version. Sometimes you get caught with your pants down, you get to find a way to pull them back up. Currently, I'm in the same situation you guys are. I've got three weeks to get ready for a photo shoot, so I'm going to help you reveal that muscle, lose that body fat. Think it's impossible. You better think again if I can do it so can you. It takes three weeks to get a life change. Three weeks to lose 15 to 20 pounds, and if you give me three weeks, I'll give you that body. This three week course puts your body in a state of super confusion. You put your on a time clock to raise your metabolic rate naturally for your food and for your supplements. And what I love about the bitten diet is that I've seen it firsthand in the gym. Men, women, it doesn't really matter, it doesn't discriminate. Whoever follows it, it always works extremely well for. Even after three weeks are up, you've created a habit. What's exciting about that is now you're in a frame of mind that you can do this lifestyle of looking lean and being in shape. In my opinion, every day light, somebody needs something that's going to jump start their body. As if you need mostly what is maintenance planned for some people to diet, your body's not going to do anything. When people come to me, they want results now and the best thing you can see is when you get on the scale day one, two, three, four, whatever it is and that your body is changing. I believe that you've got to put some serious work in the beginning to raise that metabolic rate and then go on living a good lifestyle with the higher metabolism. This specific 21 days is to get everything jump started, get you ready for that special event and make it happen right now. The weight loss that you can expect on the busy diet from a guy like me all the way down to just a very beginner person is usually from the low end of 10 pounds but the high end of about 25 pounds. So it really depends where you're at personally. For me, whenever I just hit it, I'm looking at a 20 pound weight loss and that's what I'm going after. The busy diet basics were a plan a specific way for your nutrient timing, for your time in the gym, which is only four days a week with some optional cardio if you like, two days of upper body, two days of lower body. I really put this plan together to keep your hormones in check, to keep your body on a time clock and to make it convenient. It's all thought well out for the busy diet to make it all works synergistically so you can have good results. Now those are the basics, let's get in the specifics about training. I have workout A and workout B. workout A is upper body, workout B is lower body. The way I've created this is that you start out with the interval system of cardio. I created this really for people that worked out in their own because a lot of my online clients were home clients. So whatever piece of cardio equipment you have, whether it's treadmill, elliptical, bike, doesn't matter, I prefer the treadmillness. You do like one minute fast cardio, one minute a little bit of slower cardio. You alternate that back and forth for 20 minutes. When I say do a minute intense, I mean all out for a minute. When I say you know just kind of, most of the long for a minute just kind of keep it let your heart rate come down for a minute, then right back and tense a minute. Then when you go into the upper body, you're setting up a circuit that's hit all the major muscle parts and you just rotate through it two times at 20 reps each. Then you go right back to cardio. So your body doesn't have a chance to really rest the whole time. The other thing is the workout takes about an hour to an hour 15 minutes. Now when you go into the legs, I had legs twice a week for a couple reasons. People don't like to train leg usually. And that really hurts your hormone profiles, especially when you're dying. I'm not really concerned with how much weight you're lifting on this workout. Make sure that you challenge in yourself, but also don't worry about a certain number that you should be posted. What I want is that your burned out, that you're pushing hard and that your body's at a heightened level so you're burning fat. And that's the biggest key about the plan. You might experience a little bit of soreness, but that's just part of the game. And that's why you also only training four days with a couple optional cardio days if you like. Make it fast and easy on yourself. Like I've always told my clients, just follow it to the tee, just head down to the bottom of the page, print it off and make it happen. Now you just got done putting all this time in the gym. Don't mess it up in the kitchen. I chose the foods and set up the diet the way I did because of the practical application that I've seen the gym for over 10 years. Those foods are optimal for fat burning and for retaining muscle. The intervals that are set up in the meal plan is one, eat within an hour out of bed, because you want your body to come out of that starvation mode from what you're just going to sleep in. The other main rule is eat every three hours to your body expects when it's time to get food. So that timing is what triggers your body into a metabolism spike. If you've got everything on point with your nutrition, you should feel really good. Because honestly, anytime your insulin is stable, your body feels good. So if you're coming from a lifestyle that was kind of all over the place, you might have a couple days where you're a little bit off. But for the most part, you're going to be feeling better and then when you're looking in the mirror, you're going to look better. The advanced person that tries to busy diet just have to be a little bit careful that you don't burn too much muscle. So I would just recommend to slightly up your protein and make sure that you're utilizing your amino acids properly and you have no problem doing this diet also. The commitment level, remember, I'm only asking for three weeks, which is 20 days. I need tonal vision. Don't think about other foods. Just think about what the plan is and what your goal is. I need you to only see start and end and nothing in between and just work hard. I wouldn't even want to step further for your convenience. I've set up a grocery list so all you have to do is print it off below and take it to the grocery store with you. So you have unlimited types of options for the plan that has you set up for success. The way to tie it all together, we went through the training, we went through nutrition, now we go through the supplements. When I envisioned the person that was at their desk and they kept missing meals or they weren't from meeting the meeting or the travel on a plane all the time, they're on a train and New York City. However they're at, they're just missing their meals which is messing up their metabolism. The key to the whole plan was based around one of the main supplements which is muscle gel which is an extremely convenient way to teach your protein intake. The other key ingredient is the shred matrix which helps with your appetite suppression, helps with your fat loss and help keep your mind clear through the whole process. We also set up an extremely high level multivitamin and BCA's for your post workout. For some of you that have never taken supplements before or maybe even never done anything this strict before. I believe this is a great entryway into getting your body in shape really fast and put yourself on extremely solid time clock with supplements with food to get your body extremely responsive. You can't get one right, you can't get two right, yeah you get all three right for all three weeks. I've given you the meal plan. I've given you the training and I've given you the full supplement plan. Everything that you need for this 21 days of your successful is right below. 21 days, I'm Dona with you too. I'll be posting front, side and back pictures. You can go to my Twitter and ask me any questions you have. I'll be there to help at muscle farm pres, PRES, whether it's your high school reunion, or your wedding, family reunion, or your go on spring break the equation.