Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What's up, Bodybuilding.com listeners. My name is Danielle Bitz, and today I'm joined by Ebenezer Samuel. Eb is a certified strength and conditioning coach and the fitness director for Men's Health magazine. He has 10 plus years experience as a fitness trainer and has worked with pro athletes from Terrell Owens to Charles Way, along with everyday athletes from marathon moms and New York City firefighters. Eb specializes in training techniques that build strength and enhance the mind muscle connection. He's put together numerous workout programs for men's health, including the best-selling new rules of muscle, and his modern approach to training is built around fundamentals while delivering new and unique movements that keep workouts exciting and fun for all. Samuel also helped create the strength and diversity initiative, a men's health and women's health program that provides trainers from marginalized communities with the mentorship, certification, and platform to jumpstart their careers. Prior to arriving at Men's Health, Eb was consistently around athletes working out as a sports columnist for the New York Daily News. Very often he found himself working out with pro athletes and he's trained with the likes of sprints or adjusting gattling, Cowboys pass, pressure, democracy's wear, and many others over the years. And welcome to the B-becom podcast, excited to dive into everything that we have planned today. Yeah, no, I'm really excited to be here. So I actually grew up a little bit on Bodybuilding.com in the Greg-Plit era, that was the guy who I wanted to, or among the guys who I wanted to really look like. So it's kind of cool to be here because it's something I really grew up with. Nice, nice. We're always happy to hear that. I mean Bodybuilding.com has been around for 24 years at this point. So some people come in here and they're like, you're here where I got my first training program. You're where I got my very first editorial article, and it's really cool to see. So I appreciate you noting that. At a high level today, we'll be covering the evolution in Men's Health from Physical Mental and Emotional Wellbeing. We'll be talking about muscle building, rep schemes, breaking up your program, programs splits, training for your goal versus high-perchrophy versus sports performance versus endurance. And then we'll be wrapping up. We're not only with Men's Mental Health, but also training for your specific decade. So we'll be talking about the differences of training for your 20s, 30s, 40s, 50s, and even 70s plus. So really excited to dig into this today. Yeah, that's going to be fun. So let's kick it off with a hot topic with our audience. They always want to know how to build more muscle. So the goal of building muscle, specifically fueling and training with the goal of building muscle at the forefront. So let's talk about fueling because I don't think we tend to lead with that one often enough. We always hear the saying ads are built in the kitchen, right? Well, do an extent muscles are built in the kitchen too. So all around, let's talk about fueling and someone who has the number one goal of building muscle, what they should be fueling with. Yeah, it's wild because for a long time in my training coming up, I followed all the bodybuilding that come, workouts. But I didn't handle my nutrition business for a very long time. And part of the reason was because I thought I'm training, I can eat whatever I want, and that's going to cover me. And then I got into a stage in college where I was literally just drinking protein shakes. They're the most cost-efficient way to get protein, but they're missing a lot of other things. And so that probably wasn't the smartest way for me to go about things. It wasn't until I think I actually moved here. I think I was 24, 25 years old, still struggling to kind of get where I wanted to strengthen my muscle-wise. And I remember asking a bodybuilder, I was like, what's wrong? I trained really hard. I trained every day. But I'm not kind of achieving it. I can't barely, I can't bench 225. I can't get a lot of the things I want. I was basically like, well, what do you eat? And I was like, well, for my first meal, I have a protein shake. And then a couple hours later, I'll have another protein shake. And then a couple hours later, I'll have another protein shake. And he's like, well, there's your problem. You're not eating real food and you're not getting your protein from the right sources. And once I made that transition, I was able to start making the gains that I needed to. And I think that's the biggest challenge for people is kind of understanding one that you need to, you do need to hit your macros, but it's about so much more than that. Both from like a longevity standpoint and from a muscle-building standpoint, also from like a tendon and bone health standpoint. And so it's about getting your protein, getting one gram of one gram per pound of body weight at least being in that region. But then at the same time, trying to get that protein from natural sources and trying to eat from natural sources. I do not think diet is as complicated as some people want to make it. I think it's crazy because all the stuff my mom told me that I never listened to would de-exception the probably like drink milk. But most of it was true. If I'm not drinking soda, if I'm drinking a ton of water, if I'm eating like being vegetables, if I'm eating my protein, I'm kind of going to be right where I need to be. So I think we can keep it simple in general. The only macros I really tell people to track is protein. Make sure you get one gram per pound of body weight a little bit above that. There's no there's there there there are diminishing returns to some extent. Once we exceed, I think around like 1.2 grams per pound of body weight. But at the same time, there's no downside. Right? And so it helps it. It's a really good start for to build your your diet around protein. And then to try to get it from diverse sources. So I'll like, I'll have a shake every single day. But then throughout the rest of the day, I'm trying to make saying, you know, chicken, I do a lot of salmon, shrimp. Try to get your protein from various other sources because then you're getting a lot of other micro nutrients covered instead of just having like a, I mean, the protein shake thing I was doing was really, really on intelligent. But if you if you diversify those protein sources, you're covering a lot of your other nutrition too. Yeah. And the just of it really being starting with whole foods as your primary protein source. And supplements, you know, we say this every day, even here at bodybuilding.com, supplements are made to compliment that. Right? They're to give you that that essential extra edge and that little bit of bump of what you may not be wholly getting from your diet on daily basis. But thereby, no means to replace, you know, that steak, that chicken, that tofu, whatever it is that it is that you're choosing as your primary protein source. So I think that's a great point. You know, for you specifically, what, you know, take us through a daily day for you of eating and what works for you when you're really trying to pack on some muscle. Yeah. I mean, you know, I try to, I try not, again, I try not overthink it. I always make sure I want to get my protein in every single meal. I'm going to try to get a complex carbon. Some kind of like a brown rice. I do a lot of white rice on Asian, so I can't, I can't help it. Potato, I do a lot of sweet potato. But I'll start my day early, because generally I try to be awake by 545, 6 AM. That's the only way I can make it to the city and survive the commute. So I'll just have a protein shake there. I usually mix in, you know, I'll go like 25 grams of one scoop of my protein. And now I'll add a little collagen protein to that as well. That gets me started then two and a half, I try to eat every couple of hours on one of those people. Two and a half hours after that, I'm usually getting, I'm at the office, I'm kind of settled in. I'll usually do like three to four eggs with spinach and some potatoes. And then I usually get two of that. So I'll eat that again a couple of hours later. I try to, you know, always make sure I have some level of fuel in my body, because I know I'm going to train hard and I'm going to want to train a lot. A couple hours after that, usually around like two o'clock, I wind up having four to six ounces of salmon. They do the guy downstairs at the cafeteria knows me really well, because I would do the same thing. But I'll get four to six ounces of salmon. Usually, the leader have spinach or the half kale down there. So I'll grab some of that. And then I'll do another two to three ounces of rice. And then I'll repeat that meal one more time throughout the day. That brings me home. Once I get home, I try to, you know, I'm going to head out to my work. I'm going to have to work out after I train, you know, I may do a pre-work out. If it's, if it's a really, really aggressive leg day or something like that. But after I train, I'll come back and I'll have, I'll usually have another four to six ounces of the salmon. Usually, some starting curry. My mom makes it and it makes the salmon taste a lot better. And then off, I'll finish it out with, you know, three to four ounces of white or brown rice. And usually it's white rice. There's been a lot of conversation around starting your day with a very high protein meal. Why do we want to do that? I think it's mainly because your, like, protein is, is the building black, is the key building black of, of muscle, right? And one, it's like, what else would you start with? Right? If you start with a complex car, or something like that, you're potentially, you're, you're playing with your insulin level. Then you don't need to do that, right, in the morning. But protein, it's, it's a key building black. Your, your body is completed from night before. So it's a good thing to start with. I think that's what. Great. And then what about, what about nighttime? What about winding down at night? What, is that something, and we, do we still want to be protein forward there? Do we want to go, is that the more, a more appropriate time for a complex car? What are your thoughts on, on nighttime routine? I think it depends, it depends a lot on when you train. I train it. Again, I try to, I think some of that, it's over-complicated when people say, oh, you shouldn't have carbs after certain time. There are, to something, there are, you know, insulin effects to that. But I also think for the majority of people, we're not training necessarily at that level, where that's something we need to over-focus on. I think if you, if you're coming off it, if you train at night, which is what I do, then you want that carbon there. Because, you know, you, you had a hard work out just, and you want to, we know how important the post-lift meal is, and we don't want to take that for granted. So if you have, if you train at night, you definitely want to have that carbon there. Protein to me is something we should, you know, we've, there's a lot of discussion about, and I feel like the guidance on this gradually changes every couple of years. But there's always a lot of discussion on how much protein can you metabolize in one meal, right? And in general, I feel like they usually say, you know, between 25 to 35 grams. In general, you want to make sure somehow throughout your day that you're hitting your protein bar. Whatever it is, 100-day grams, 200 grams. So that's a lot of protein period. So it makes sense to, it makes sense just beyond the, the diet perspective of it, and beyond what's best. It makes sense to space that out throughout the day because I don't know many people who can sit down to eat, say, 60 to 70 grams of protein in one sitting and do that three times in a day. So it makes sense to space it out and based solely on that, it makes sense to start today with, you know, 25, 30 grams of protein and end it with 25, 30 grams of protein because that, that just makes it, it allows you to get your numbers without having to eat a massive lunch date. That, you know, I mean, intermittent faster is do a bit of that kind of work. Absolutely. I'm with you. Now that we've really broken down how we should be feeling with the number one goal of building muscle in mind. Let's talk about training and I think that's going to be the nugget here, right? And this is where you're going to really come to life, I feel. Let's talk about training with the number one goal of building muscle. Give me all of the details. Should we, how should we be breaking up our week? You know, what are the types of workouts we should be doing? I know we're going to get into making the most of a rep in a few minutes here. We talk about reps, reps, schemes, and e-centric versus contract, concentric, and things of that nature. But really, just give us the high level what your number one piece of advice for someone going into building muscle in the gym and how they should approach that goal. I think there's two things. One, you have to train legs. You can't skip it. I think that's something I did when I was, when I was younger too, like they, like they as vicious is going to hurt. It's going to leave each, a good leg day to some extent is going to leave you a little bit of pain tomorrow. If you're not struggling walking down the stairs after like, did you didn't, you did something wrong? Exactly. It's surprisingly satisfying though, struggling to walk down the stairs after like that. But you have to train legs. There, there, your largest muscle group. There are also, and this is going to go into the other key thing with trying to build muscle and also build strength. And there are also, because their your largest muscle group and because so many other muscles are just involved from it, an isometric standpoint. And in every single leg motion, there are the muscle group where you're going to lift the heaviest possible weights you can. Your deadlift, regardless of what implement you're using, should be your strongest lift. And the fact that you get to subject your body to that kind of load is going to send the hormonal signals required for you to grow. So my first thing is going to be you have to train legs. And it, not once a week, that's like 52 times a year. It doesn't feel like a lap, but try to get it in twice a week at least. The second key thing I think is just making sure that you build your workout around multi-joint motions. I think you want to look at, I like to divide the body into, or I like to divide motions into five different groups. You've got six different groups actually. I can't count. You've got, you've got an e-dominant move. So that's going to be any kind of squat or lunge. I would put in that category too. You've got a hip dominant move, any kind of hip hinge, and we want to make sure we have that. That's going to be our deadlift. And then we have four families of upper body moves. We've got vertical pull and vertical push. Vertical pull is going to be any kind of pull-up or chin up concept. Vertical push is going to be any sort of overhead concept overhead presses. And then we've got horizontal pull and horizontal push. We want to make sure it's critical for everybody. Before you even touch the vertical pull, vertical push ideas, the first upper body motion you've got to be able to master is the row. The row should be one of your strongest upper body motions. It's going to keep you healthy and it's going to help build your back. That's a really, really large muscle group and it's also a really key muscle group for shoulder health. And then you've got obviously horizontal push. That's the fun one for guys. It's bench presses, push-ups. And I like to, you want to make sure that you cover all of those bases. You want to hit at least every single week. You want to do at least one of those motions. The way I like to break it down and the simplest way I think and the safest way I think over the long term to break things down is to treat this either like a four day or a six day split. Your first day you're going to train legs, get it out of the way. Second day you're going to train all your pulling muscles. That's going to be your horizontal rows, your vertical pull. If you can get, if you're at that point where you can really manage pull ups and you can handle pull downs and your shoulder health is good. And then you can get in a little bit of biceps. Your date three would then be push. Right? And that's going to be, that's going to be driven by your bench presses, your overhead presses. You can get a little bit of triceps in there as well. And then you can repeat that cycle. That's one way to do it. The other way to do it if you only want to train four days a week, if you're a little bit more of a beginner, then we can go lower upper lower upper upper. Right? So my day one is going to be my leg day. I'm going to make sure to cover my hip hinge, my knee dominant move. My day two is going to be my upper body day. I'm going to cover my, I'm going to basically go through a horizontal push motion, a horizontal pull motion. I'll get in a pull up idea. I may get in some kind of shoulder idea. And that's going to be my workout. I could take a day off and then repeat that. There are a lot of different ways to do it. All of them can be effective. I think over the course of your training, over and that's, you know, talking like decades, you should play with all of them and utilize all them because they're going to fit different phases of your life, which I'm sure we'll get into a little bit later. Yeah. Absolutely. You touch on something a second ago. Lifting heavy. Yeah. Right? Lifting heavy weights. And I think that's something that we need to emphasize here. I think more women are lifting heavier weights. I think just more people in general are understanding that you need to lift very, very heavy. If you want to see the progress you're looking for. And you mentioned a hormonal signal being sent. And I want you to expand on that a little bit more. Basically, in terms of the hormonal signal, what we're, when you're lifting heavy, your body is going to wind up producing more testosterone. Testosterone winds up being a key, testosterone is driving so much of how we grow muscle. So it just makes sense to try to push that as much as you can. Yeah. And we want to be doing this in all of the six or seven fundamental movement patterns we want to be doing this for all of our major lifts as well. Right? Yeah. It's something, Stan. I think it's going to, again, when we hit our legs, right? We're going to just be capable of pushing more. Right? We may not be, like, I think you want to be a little bit cautious of vertical pulling, vertical push. Because when we go overhead, so many, there are so many little issues that can happen in terms of our shoulder held. But I think, yeah, as much as you can, on our multi joint moves, we want to be pushing as heavy as we can. And that can mean diving down into, I think we get caught up in feeling the burn too often. And thinking, okay, let's keep this around eight to 10 reps. Because that's what I'm going to feel it the most. You don't have to feel it on, you don't have to feel it when you're lifting heavy. You're, you're, you'll feel it the next day. Just get the lift done. And you can kind of focus on the burn a little bit more of the my muscle connection. When you get to some of those accessory ideas later, that doesn't mean your form should be horrible. And you should be arching your back and your butt should be sky high off the bench when you're bench pressing. But it does mean that, you know, it's not necessarily about feeling it fully in your chest. Right. There's going to be a time in a place for low rep, high weight. And then vice versa. So there's going to be a time in a place for your program. No matter what kind of goal you're training for at this point. The, the, just of it is, everybody should be lifting heavy at some point in their program during their week. And then there's a time in a place for your higher rep lower weight accessory work. Yeah. I think it's too about the relationship between muscle and strength. Right. When I am lifting a little bit heavier, when I'm lifting a little bit heavier, I'm going to not only develop muscle, but I'm building strength and I'm building power. And if I can build, if I can enhance my strength and power, if I can, if I can take that to another level, then when I get to those kind of pump exercises or those moments where I'm going to focus on the my muscle connection, I'm going to be able to use a larger load and still hit higher reps, right? So it makes sense to play in a lot of sandboxes in terms of in terms of the, the, the reps game you're using. And in terms of going very, very heavy and challenging yourself. And at the same time, having those moments where we're not going as aggressively. Yeah. Absolutely. What is your number one piece of advice for someone not to do when they're trying to gain muscle? It's funny because I'm almost going to contradict myself. I think it's not what I said you should do. We just talked about lifting heavy and I think that's really, really, really important. But the number one thing not to do when you're trying to build muscle is I think thinking of motions at, like, just lifting almost, like, I think the number one thing not to do is let motions become point A to point B, right? What happens, I think very often, I think this is a, is a, is a flaw or an issue, especially when you're beginner in the gym, is you're, you're going to, okay, I'm going to do a Biceps curl. So I've just got to get the weight up, right? Well, I'm just, I just got to get the weight up. And there is a time in the place for that. And we, you know, that that's kind of the heart of a deadlift. We want to get the weight up with proper mechanics. And we've got to learn those mechanics first. And we've got to understand the muscles we were engaging first. I think not enough people take the time to understand the muscles that they're supposed to be using. And none of people take the time to understand, you know, a deadlift is, yes, fundamentally it is, I'm just picking a weight up off the ground. But it's mainly driven by my hamstrings and my glutes. And I need to understand that those muscles are working, I need to be able to feel it in those muscles. I've got to master that before I start lifting crazy heavy. Yeah, absolutely. So, so a little bit of what we're going into in a little bit is I'm developing that mind muscle awareness and just overall that body awareness. So, something we always hear people say is I'm trying to build muscle. Should I do cardio? Well, yeah, she should do cardio, right? We need to keep our heart healthy, right? But how do we keep it at bay in the sense that we're not going to affect muscle mass when our primary goal is building muscle? Cardio, I think, is Cardio is very, very underrated from a strength perspective. I think people tend to, I am a very big believer overall in making sure that you don't, I think when we get too caught up in one modality and we forget everything else, we're short-circending the gains that we may be trying to make in that in that one area. And I think that's what tends to happen with cardio because if we can make our heart stronger, if our heart can more effectively plump blood throughout our system, right? Then when I go to, when I go to sit down to the bench press or to any of my strength exercises, I'm going to have a little bit more in me to get another couple reps on top, which provides more muscle building stimulus in the end. So I think we should all have a cardio component in our workout. How we piece that together is sort of the riddle and I think there are a couple ways to do it because you also don't want to, you don't want to say go through like an hour long strength workout and then sit on a treadmill for an hour or do something like that because then you're just wearing yourself out, you're not giving yourself a chance to recover. I think there are a couple of things that people can do. One, there's, there's a lot of increasing research on zone two, right? Zone two cardio, just the idea of being 50 to 60% of your heart rate and living in that area and how that can help build your engine. And that is also a little, that's also not necessarily body taxing cardio. I would contend with zone two too, a lot of the reason the research is coming out and a lot of the reason we need it more is because humans are moving a lot less than they used to and zone two is literally me walking my dog or me going to the grocery store except I don't go to my grocery store anymore because I just ordered for man's on it. So we can get that zone two in and I think if you can make time for an hour of that a day, there's nothing wrong with that. And hour of taking a walk, there's no harm, right? The more active we can be the better. I think that all this sort of counts as as very base level cardio. I also think there's value and kind of in revving your engine up a lot more. When I sit down to a really, really hard set of like six reps on the deadlift, my heart rate will wind up pretty high. Especially if I'm doing three to four sets of that. So there's no harm in training that level of cardio and getting in like you know, eight ten minutes of hit on the back end of your of your strength workout or as a stand alone workout if you have that kind of time. So I think it's just it's making sure that we're smart about our cardio but I think it needs to be a part of your training. I would probably limit it if I'm going to do like a hit style session or some kind of interval session on a rower to twice a week because I don't want to kill myself and then try to but try to get in that other zone two cardio as often as I can because it's just gonna help. Yeah it's a great point. Cardio diversity is such a big topic that you know so many people think just walking and inclined on a treadmill you know is cardio right you can get on the skier you can get on the air by you can get on the road you can you can do cardio with weights you can get a kettlebell and you can do some complexes and you can really get your heart rate up and you can do some metcon conditioning with weights so you really stress you know cardio diversity getting out of the mind set that you need to be on a treadmill to get cardio done and finding you know new and unique ways for you to really spike those heart rate levels for you to ensure that you're staying healthy and fit all around. Yeah and it's just so good to support your strengthening so much because our heart rate if we are strength you know our heart is going to wind up high so let's get comfortable with that that way I believe you have to get comfortable when you are trying to build strength that's about that's we have to progressively overload to something's done and we're going to be able to take that much harder when we're in our strength work. What about timing do we want to do our cardio before or after strengthening? I think this is this is all about priorities and I always say it's interesting I like to try to I love trying to do two of these I think it makes me feel like a badass even though same even though like it's not really a two of the I just broke my work I'd up in a smarter way right um I think whatever I think when I think of two of these though and I think of you know how I'm going to fit strength and cardio together I think it's based around what my priorities are I want to build muscle so that needs to come first that does not necessarily mean that needs to come first in my day though because I'm you know we all kind of have slightly different rhythms like lifestyles work stresses and stuff like that and I'm most optimized like I am most on when I'm in in the evening and therefore I do my muscle stuff in the evening that's when my that's when my strength training happens my cardio I do you know early in the morning or I do it you know at like one in the morning but that we're not talking sleep habits so I call that myself killer with that and say well leave that we'll throw back to Dan for that one yeah but the key the key to me is whatever your primary goal is that should live in your most optimal and focus training window and whatever your secondary so for most of you guys obviously you know strength training so that should live in your optimal window and you get your cardio done in that secondary time where you're not as focused because it's not as important to you but you do want to make sure to hit it. Yep absolutely yeah so let's talk a little bit about program splits right let's talk about the difference between programming for I have a hard to feed basic school a performance basic school and endurance basic school and how we would go about you know creating a program for each of those three athletes so for those out there listening hypertrophy let's say a bodybuilder for performance let's say football baseball and for endurance let's say triathlon or marathon runner right and let's talk about strength program structuring and the differences between those three types of athletes. Yeah I happy to and that it's something that excites me to because I've moved between I feel like when the more you're in fitness you we want to be everything and I've moved between the different pieces and tried to find different ways to put them together. I think the thing I want to start by explaining a little bit is just it's all three athletes are kind of on some level training in what I say three different spaces and you want to make sure you have those spaces you have those spaces covered one is obviously cardio which we we talked about everybody should be should have some kind of a row of component in their training um the second is kind of the hypertrophy style lift that's going to be your slow traditional um the slow traditional way we're going to approach you know a bench press a biceps curl um a dumbbell curl we're really focusing on the muscles um really trying to make your our performance tight we're trying to lift heavy but it's all about going almost as heavy as we boss we can is classic progressive overload um and then I think there's kind of a third family of moves I call them momentum transfer moves basically it's going to be anything explosive in athletic that's going to be like your kettlebell swings snatches power cleans um high pulls exercises like that where we have to you you can't really isolate your entire system winds up involved in it and what we're trying to do in general we're never really going our heaviest because it's about not just a muscle creating force but the muscle creating force incredibly quickly and it's our body's ability to we're combining our body's ability to create that force and our body's ability to our muscles ability to stabilize and control those forces after we've created them and I think throughout the course of our training we want to have mastery over all three of those over all three of those styles of movement it's how we dose them that differs between the hypertrophy athlete between the the track athlete and between the and then between the more long endurance athlete. All right let's talk through the differences in strength training you know sport for specific goals you know muscle gain hypertrophy sports specific and endurance let's talk about the reps game that go into those programs right so let's talk about the difference between three to five reps five to eight and eight to fifteen and the best use cases for those based on goal. Yeah I think for I think for muscle gain again I think we're living in all three of those blocks right in muscle gain the first thing we're going to do our first let's say we're going through let's say we're going to limit this to a four days a week program and it's going to be um you know five five exercises right my first three motions are probably going to be if I'm focused only on solely on muscle gain and hypertrophy my first you know three to four exercises and that workout are going to be in that eight to ten rep range right I want to I want to um I want to be able to really feel the muscle I want to be able to create time under tension and I want to be able to create that force repetitive repeatedly right and so if I'm focusing on muscle gain I'm going to make sure that my first three to four motions live in in that eight to ten rep range that's going to be that is kind of what we consider our standard hypertrophy rep range right um I'm also I'm still going to make sure that I have an explosive component within my workout so later on in the workout I may want to do a kettlebell swing I may do because that's going to allow me to have to deal with the load of momentum transfer and then I may end with a little bit of cardio just so I get a little bit of ruby in there and what's the difference between you know let's let's for those listening out there let's distinguish the difference between hypertrophy and then just building for strength right and how does the reps scheme differ there between hypertrophy and just pure strength building if I'm if I'm a little bit more pure strength building I'm going to go a little bit lower rep because I'm trying to I'm trying one night I have to cash in a little bit more power and explosiveness on my lips and that power response expires far earlier is going to expire you know within eight to ten seconds and a normal hypertrophy set is going to take you around if you're doing eight to ten good quality reps it's going to take you 30 to 40 seconds to get through say eight to ten good reps of biceps curls or squats right those first three to four reps in that set are going to feel powerful and explosive eventually what you what's going to happen after those first three to four reps if you've chosen if you're working with a challenging weight you're not going to be able to be as explosive and suddenly you're going to have to grind out a couple reps those grind out reps aren't necessarily the best way to build strength but they're the really good way to help you build muscle and they're really good way to kind of stimulate that hypertrophy response and on the other side of the spectrum endurance athletes someone who is participating in triathlon someone who's training for the marathon someone who is a cycling athlete obviously all these are respectfully their own sports within themselves but they're long distance endurance events right how do they go how do these types of athletes go about sport our sport specific strength training for these events without constantly having heavy legs and feeling fatigue right obviously they're putting in 20 30 40 50 sometimes 60 plus miles if you're a biker right I hope you're not running that much in a week but for running maybe you're logging 25 plus for 100 mile months right you know preventing injury is going to be a huge part of that and by preventing injury strength training needs to be at the forefront of our program but how often should they be implementing that to stay in cadence with a heavy duty endurance program that's a really that's a very unique front or the way I see it's a very it's a very different situation because it is all about what is the role of of strength training for them so for the hypertrophy guy it's obviously just to build muscle right the athlete is using it we want to be a little bit more explosive we want to focus on a little bit lower reps it's all about moving that way fast because that suddenness is what makes a great athlete so you're almost never training heavy if you're if you're focusing on that and that's especially true now if you look at if you like 100 meter dash runners I don't know I used to follow this a lot if you look at the 90s 100 meter dash runners all those guys were I mean jacked right if you look at the guys who would not have 100 meter dash the last couple of years and the post you say both era they're kind of skinny normal looking guys and it's because they're really just focusing on they're focusing on quick ground contact time on being explosive and that means they're probably never doing by subs curls they're also staying lighter yeah exactly because because it makes sense right the lighter you can be as an as an athlete who needs to move quickly change direction whatever it is from a sport perspective the lighter you can be while being strong the better so you prioritize I'm gonna hit my power cleanser gonna hit my jumps I'm gonna do all those I'd like things maybe I'm gonna get strength the strength work for those guys is specifically injury prevention and building just a little if I can get stronger without getting bigger I'm the best athlete out there so that's that's the key for those guys for for endurance athletes I think it's it's literally just injury prevention right with a little dose of especially you know if you're running a triathlon if you're a cyclist if you can build again without adding size because those athletes want to stay as light as possible because upon miles upon miles upon miles of running the last thing you want to do is have two on it's have you know 25 extra pounds of muscle so you want to stay as light as possible but if you can build strength in your lower body then you're winning right because each stride you have you can if you have if you're glues or that much stronger than your opposition if you're quasi that much stronger each pedal that you have is is that much more useful right so I think those athletes one we have to be very very careful with how often they are training because they have so much mileage on them so I think you're limiting your strength work to two days max maybe a third day but even that's probably pushing it we want to make those two strength days too very very productive and very very focused I think you're choosing one explosive concept because we want you know the more we can make our body explosive the better right it's not necessarily easy but I think we're choosing one explosive concept like a kettlebell swing maybe it's an explosive trapbar that lift maybe it's some sort of squat maybe it's it's a I love I love lunges so maybe it's some kind of lunge but I think you're choosing one explosive move like that and then the rest of your work is going to and the great thing with that is you're you're not going super heavy on it you're just focusing on moving fast right so that's like four sets of you know three to five reps high intent on those reps so the goal is to move fast on every single bit and then I think you're choosing two other exercises that are maybe in that eight to twelve rep range because you want to build a little bit of hypertrophy in your lower body and I think this is all you know you want to build a little bit of hypertrophy and you want to be able to injury for your body and that's going to require you know we get back to the beginning of this discussion that means building a little bit of muscle you don't need 25 pounds of extra muscle but you want to wreck you want a solid requisite amount of muscle in strength and you get that from choosing two other exercises that he key functions maybe that's you know a row maybe that's an overhead press maybe that's you know something else for lower body and keeping that in the three to two to three set range eight to ten reps quality reps focusing on time and your attention right a little bit of a higher volume nothing crazy but just getting the muscle used to you know standing with standing that stress a little bit more you know as opposed to three to five rep range yeah I think it's key to don't go to create like you know even if you're an endurance athlete it doesn't mean you need to train this kind of crazy endurance range like 20 reps right eight to ten quality reps you need to build requisite strength you'll cover your endurance with your endurance training yep absolutely all great stuff how do we distinguish what should be a single rep movement or single set movement or other what should be super set and what when we should start exploring tricets so what what's the time in place for really structuring within that workout itself now this got to be general for all that let's talk about hypertrophy first let's go down the same three that we just did right so if my number one goal is is muscle building you know should I really just be focusing on four sets of a lap pull down before I move on to my next movement or should I be pairing that with something for a super set or a tricep I think super sets and triceps are in general for the hypertrophy athlete are best reserved for two situations one is arm day we can play with those on in accessory ideas very best and so I love doing like biceps triceps biceps triceps super sets I think that's one context the other context is if you're really really tied on time then it's it's very useful to go to like a super set or a tricep you know we can string together say three different you know if I if I only have a half hour maybe I'll string together three different back exercises one after the other after the other um that's one setting right in general if I'm a if I'm somebody who's trying to build muscle and strength I don't really want to go to I want to focus I want to get the most out of that means not not necessarily doing a set of something and then jumping to another motion then jumping to another motion because then I don't have the rest time I need to be able to lift heavy and lift hard on be and be truly productive on my sets so I would actually avoid super sentences and triceps if I'm if I'm a hypertrophy athlete if I'm somebody who's chasing hypertrophy and I have the time and I can get through it the drop set is a different thing and I'm a very big fan of drops that's because I think for the hypertrophy athlete because I think what you get to do with the drops what you're trying to do on every single set if I'm really trying to build muscle what I'm trying to do on every single set and this is again within reason in their cycles where you're going to do this and cycles where you're not but what I'm trying to do on every single set is push as close to that point of complete fatigue as possible without going over the edge and if I do drop set if I do say 10 reps of bicep curls at 45 pounds I'm going to make myself something like a badass and then I can't do anymore I can't do anymore at 45 pounds but if I pick up at 20 I can probably squeeze out a couple more reps so I get to push my muscles closer to muscular fatigue without going over by using drops that so I think drops that should be integrated more heavily and there are so many ways to do them too I think drops that are something that more hypertrophy athletes should be looking to implement the other two approaches again aside from arm day because arm day is a little bit of fun go chase and pump but it's not actually the day that's really building a muscle for you aside from arm day I think hypertrophy athletes should just price straight away for those I think the conversation is lending itself in this direction anyway making the most of a rep so let's talk about the mind muscle connection we had a great conversation myself and Dan Jerdana on our episode check out episode four if you haven't how do you best describe the mind muscle connection to a beginner weight lifter or gym go or who really doesn't have the experience to understand what that should feel like yet and it's it's really really hard the key thing it actually goes back to something I think we we said earlier and that is point A to point B and exercise is not simply point A to point B you should feel it in the muscles that you're working and to me the mind muscle connection one it's best and this is my background in training how I got into training how I got into fitness is a little backwards because I feel like a lot of people wind up starting with kind of functional ideas and then at some point maybe they kind of gravitate towards bodybuilding ideas I fell and I didn't even fall in love with bodybuilding it was kind of all they had where I grew up in Pennsylvania so it was a bodybuilding gym so before I did all the stuff I said people should actually do I was doing you know biceps curls and skull crushers and the great thing with those exercises is you can if you're doing them right you're really gonna feel the muscle working right so the mind muscle connection is about the mind muscle connection is about kind of you should when you're doing exercise correctly when we do that kind of standard hyper-to-fee exercise correctly whether it's a bench press whether it's a biceps curl whether it's a squat or a deadlift we should feel it in the target muscle and we should also be pushing to feel it in the target muscle it's not gonna happen you know I can do a deadlift and I won't feel a thing especially if I'm working it like a weight that isn't necessarily challenging me but what we need to do to foster the mind muscle connection is one understand the muscle groups that we're trying to train on any given exercise and to try to almost squeeze those muscles extra hard at the top of every contraction at the top of every rep that way we that way we are kind of feeling it if I if I do a biceps curl and I can't squeeze my biceps right I mean I don't know if I'm really working the muscle right so I should at least be able to kind of flex my biceps when I'm doing that biceps curl absolutely let's move into the difference between concentric and eccentric right obviously I feel like more people know and perform concentric based exercises right it's the main aspect of our lift but not too many of us are adding in eccentric specific movements into our programming and that's kind of a problem right if we're if we're not adding those in let's talk about why so first distinguish the difference between the two and then talk about the benefits of eccentric movements yeah um you're right it's a it's a huge why I have a whole I have a whole speed around that one let's do but yeah so concentric movement the concentric portion of the contraction and I think a biceps curl is a really really good example that everybody can can stick with we're all doing bicep curls at the end of this episode you guys too everybody you know it's funny every time I ever have a conversation with anybody on it winds up gravity it's the first section it's a single joint motion and so it's really really easy and we know how we know what everybody knows what it feels like to to squeeze their biceps yeah the concentric portion of the contraction occurs when the muscle is shortening and it's shortening and we're creating more force than whatever we're trying to then gravity can apply to whatever we're trying to lift and thus the weight winds up moving upwards so that's the concentric contraction there's a lot of other little pieces that go into it too and that in order for me to get that really clean biceps contraction I have to have tightness throughout the rest of my body I've got to make sure shoulders my shoulder blades are tight my abs are tight my glues are tight and that allows me to really get the most out of the concentric contraction that's what everybody knows we all squeeze we all can curl something up and squeeze our biceps that's the concentric the eccentric contraction occurs when basically we're lowering the weight but we're not passively lowering the weight so we're still applying a level of force we're just letting the force of gravity on whatever load we're lifting exceed the force that exceed the force that we might be applying that's kind of a standard concentration contraction and it shouldn't the thing people miss about the concentric or I said concentric I'm an eccentric wow yeah you're good yeah the thing people miss about the eccentric contraction is that it doesn't just happen it you mean we need to think about it if it takes you one second and this is where tempo training I think can really help people in assigning a tempo so if I'm doing that biceps curl I'm going to think about curling it up as fast as possible while using only my biceps that may take one second pause at the top very briefly one second and then try to lower make sure that lower takes two to three seconds that's going to ensure that my biceps have to eccentricly contract because if I just if I just all of a sudden stop contracting my biceps at the top of the curl the weight's going to fall that's one not really good for my joints and it's a mechanism for injury and too I'm leaving a lot of gains both in the short term and in the long term on the table because I haven't appreciated the time on the retention those two extra seconds of work that I'm going to get with that eccentric contraction yeah absolutely so we always want to to display some form of control coming down from a rap same thing when you're deadlifting is what I like to use when you're coming down from that the if you don't want to let your shoulders slump forward you don't want to lose slack in your and your spine in your and your stomach and you want to put that down the same integrity that you picked it up with so that's number one just to prevent injury and keep number two the eccentric can really help with that muscle growth with you getting stronger in that movement so something I've done the past I've I've added a lot of eccentric um pull ups into my routine a lot too just because pull ups are very difficult for me to get better I can't rep pull ups out but when I add eccentric pull ups into my routines so I'm pulling myself up and I'm going down for a three count I'm feeling those lats so much more than I would by maybe using a banner and assist pull up machine and just kind of getting you know the eight to ten rap sin so um you know to expand a little bit more of how eccentric training can help with the growth of a muscle but also just growing the strength of a muscle as well and where it should be used because I don't want people to say to go to their next gym session and then they're going to be doing eccentric training for every exercise right how do we implement it um and what are what are really the benefits that we're going to see out of this type of training yeah I think and I love eccentric I think they're highly underestimate overall I could I've been implementing them a lot more than my training I hate them when I do them but absolutely you will be sort of a disclaimer yeah I think the the the big distinguishing factor I because some muscle it's interesting I feel like when I got into fitness I really miss understood the eccentric attraction there's no such thing as an eccentric power queen which kind of didn't make sense to me at first which is probably why I had a labor-imissue at very early in my fitness career but um yeah it doesn't work for explosive movements it's I eccentric attractions are best reserved for either isolation exercises or very any exercise that you might see a bodybuilder do in general is one where you can really take advantage of eccentric's the thing that people or the the thing the thing that really helps with strength from an eccentric or why eccentric's work really well for strength is because you're stronger on the eccentric than you actually are on the concentric it's a lot harder if you once you get into eccentric's you'll you'll people will start to understand this it's a lot harder to it's a lot harder to lift something up then it is to lower it down slowly that means we can use eccentric in a couple one we can say do a set of biceps curls with those 45 pound dumbbells hit as many reps as we can and then we can kind of cheat up for two to three extra reps and lower down slowly and again that's another kind of mechanism by which we can prolong the set so we move a little bit closer to VT or we can use eccentric's actually there are three there are three ways I can think of eight million things to do with the eccentric's or we can use eccentric's to expose ourselves to heavier weights and then we could lift in other circumstances so for example I can do you know I could go to that biceps curl I can I can load extra weight I can grab 50 pound dumbbells 55 pound dumbbells cheat them up and kind of tighten up my entire body that way I'm still using my biceps and they're the driving force and they're what's you know what's taking that eccentric contraction tighten up my entire body and lower that was weights super slowly for three to four reps and then that's a great way to expose my body to expose my biceps to that heavier load that is more than I could curl that is more than those 45 pound dumbbells I know I can do and then in a couple weeks after doing that that will help set the stage for me to be able to play around with full 55 pound biceps curls the third thing I think with these centrics I think eccentric's are really really good for beginners because it's a lot safer to lower something with control once we understand that tension to lower something with control then it is to then it is to try to pick it up so a really really good it's also a really good way to force really good mechanics because we're going to do those eccentric slowly if I'm taking three to four seconds to lower down I'm going to feel everything that's going on and there are fewer I'll I'll notice the points where my body is off and I also can't hide from anything if I do you know a sloppy deadlift rep picking it up I can around my back I can get away with the couple things because it's only for a moment right but if I do I can't really do a sloppy eccentric deadlift rep because I'm going down so slowly and the whole object is to go down so slowly and if I can't maintain good positioning I'm going to know it I'm not going to be able to control the rep. Yeah absolutely speaking of beginners what's the best way to check on on your form when you're working on a loan you know for someone who maybe hasn't developed the body awareness they don't they haven't familiarized themselves with the mind muscle connection how how are they what are some tips you have for someone who's working on a loan and they want to ensure that they're squatting correctly they're deadlift and correctly everything's looking on point so that they aren't injuring themselves at the beginning of their wellness journey. It's funny because I think we have a weapon that we didn't have years ago for that it's it's sometimes a dangerous weapon but it's a very useful one if done smartly and that's we have phones now right and so everybody that means can the more you video yourself the more you watch execute a movement the more you're going to see one the inconsistencies from rep to rep that you might have if you're a beginner and two you're going to the more you watch yourself you'll see okay that doesn't necessarily look like what I've seen somebody else do now there are 8 million reasons why that might not look right but and some of them are just you know going to be based on lever legs and based on on your physiology and so you don't need to look like anybody else but at the same time I think intuitively the more we watch ourselves move the more we can kind of say oh you know on that fourth rep I felt a little bit more and it's because you know I squeeze my glues a little bit harder when I was doing my biceps color my overhead press so I didn't feel it in my lower back on that last set because I squeeze my glues when I was doing my overhead press so I think watching yourself the more you video yourself and you can delete it afterwards if you hate it but the more you video yourself the better I think that's the the other thing too is if you ever get with the trainer then you can eventually send that video to the trainer and it gives it gives you both a really good starting point so I think that's thing one the the other thing I think there are two ideas that you want to think about one is that there are two ideas you want to think about if you're a beginner to make sure that your form is tight one is eccentric right we can learn every exercise you know before you do before you do a standard deadlift from the ground you should be able to execute a Romanian deadlift that's what's going to teach you what the hip hinge feels like what it feels like to push your butt back before you bend at the waist so you should if you're ever struggling with an exercise try to add that tempo to it make sure you're you know you can lift it however you're going to lift it because if you're a beginner that might not be perfect but take four seconds on the way down it's going to force you to go lighter and that's you know going to be a little bit humbling but it's also going to help you lock in really really good form the final thing I think is the idea I believe that especially on our hypertrophy motions on those non-explosive ideas if we're really in control of the weight we can pause at any point during the exercise so that goes for a biceps curl if I'm in control of the weight I can pause you know when my elbow is at a 90 degree angle I can pause when it's at a 60 degree angle I should be able to have that kind of control especially when I'm learning early on if I'm doing a squat I should be able to do the same thing and if I can't pause at any point during the motion one I may be going to heavy or two something may be off of my execution so when you're going through your basic hypertrophy exercises if you're not sure if your form is tight almost like think about can I can I randomly pause at two to three points in the exercise because if I can then I'm probably doing okay if I can't if suddenly I you know if I'm midway through a squat and I'm trying to pause and I can't do it that might be because something is at a position yep great stuff we'll be linking a link to a phone tripod in the set for me to start practicing some let's transition to one of our final topics and I think one that's highly anticipated by both you and I training for your decade so we're going to be talking about the training structure and the difference is from your 20s to your 30s your 40s your 50s and even you know 75 plus and I think you have some exciting insight there so let's talk about the biggest difference between training and your 20s versus say your 50s you know what kind of occurs in between those decades at high level it's interesting because I I don't tell you how well they am because I don't want to even but um I um the older I've gotten the more I think there are two kinds of populations and they're both and they both deal with slightly different issues along these lines I think there's kind of a new generation of person we're more focused on longevity and fitness these days and those of us who are more focused on that I think there's going there's a lot less diminishment than people realize you can train at you can train very very hard in your 40s and 50s and you don't need to see a whole ton of job off but then there's this other group of people who can't be as obsessed with with fitness as you and I might be and things are a little harder for them because you know it's basically life stresses right like kids more gauge all this kind of stuff and for for because that stuff happens they either can't spend the same amount of time in the gym or they can't so you know they can't spend two hours in the gym anymore or they can spend the same hour in the gym that they were spending when they were 20 but the the mental focus is no longer there because the gym serves as a distraction I think both of those populations face slightly different challenges I think if you are somebody who um has been able to stay committed to your fitness routine since you were 20 years old and now you're into your 40s or into your 50s you're probably still going to be able to train hard the thing that the two things that have changed are one you need a little bit more recovery time your body doesn't recover as fast you probably felt that and so you just need to that means a little bit less volume overall in your training I think the other thing for that group is you have to be a little bit more precise with the exercises that you're doing because if you because certain characteristics that weren't your focus as we get older we tend to stick with say okay I've decided I'm going to be a runner and that's the focus of my training and all the other qualities are gradually dropping off if you haven't been monitoring them and that's especially true of power explosive explosive at less of is one of the first things to continue to on some level gain strength and gain muscle as we age into our 40s and 50s but our ability to be explosive if we don't maintain that starts to diminish so once you're into your 40s I think it's really really important that you make sure to have that explosive component you make sure almost at least three days a week you're doing at least three to four sets of kettlebell swings box jumps sprints something that's going to force you to move with power and move and create force quickly so I think that's the biggest difference for that group if you're in that second group and if you're in that second group and you haven't been able to apply yourself to the gym and you dropped off then you have a different issue and that's when you get into your fitness you have to be a little bit you have to be a lot more cautious and you have to be kind of thoughtful you're essentially you have to think about starting over whenever you you you haven't been able to be a has consistent I think for that group you want to start with some basic hypertrophy exercises um hit the key movement pattern so again go back to kind of the template we laid out at the beginning and you want to stay a little bit away from the explosive because one that isn't as important to you on some level um and two it's the hardest it's it's going to be hard for you to get that back eventually we need to reintegrate that into your routine but we can't do that too early on so focus on the hypertrophy list and focus on the core list you don't need to have an arm day but you do need to make sure you're dead lifting you're covering your your basic lung and squat and you're hitting your your upper body your first point was interesting it kind of hinted um to what you said earlier on we're just not walking enough right we're just not kidding up but we're also just we're not playing enough either we're not moving literally enough we're not changing directions enough we're not doing everything that we did when we were younger and that just decreases with age as well so I mean just get out there and and play a little bit right aside from putting in your foundations in the in the gym every day there is evidence out there that promotes building your aerobic engine and younger in your life and I really having that set to continue on and I'm not to say that you go crazy and become a marathon runner in your 20s and 30s and then you're set you don't need to do that in 40s and 50s right but why do we want to really focus on building that engine when we're younger as opposed because we quite often we see the opposite right we see people lifting when they're younger then they become they start lifting less as they get older and they start hitting the elliptical for 40 minutes every day right so why do we want to actually do the opposite of that I see I wouldn't actually say that we want to do the opposite of that and maybe that comes from because you know all I wanted to do my whole life was be was be jacked but I think we do want you do want a little bit of balance um it's more important I think it's I think it's more what we more want to do is you want to start with that basis strengthening when you're in your 20s and I I still think it's really really important that you hit your aggressive with your strengthening when you're in your 20s you're so many of your home hormonal levels are going to be at their best in their 20s so that means you get to build this reservoir muscle we know some of the soccer penny research out there I think soccer penny is a real thing I believe it's more it's more because of those life style issues we mentioned before then it is because we just all of a sudden see some diminishment of muscle after we're 40 I think if you strengthen if you build that reservoir muscle you're good but what I think we we want to do when we're in our 20s because we can build so much muscle is go ahead and get strong right it is going to be easier and that means we don't need to spend as much time it is going to be easier because our hormones are a little bit more optimized and that means we don't need to spend as much time necessarily you don't need to do 15 sets of biceps curls maybe fun but you don't need to do it so you can do say 5 to 6 sets of biceps curls your body is going to respond really well and that time that the rest of that time can be used to you know enhance that aerobic engine because it is going to lead to a much stronger heart which will one serve you a lot better in 20s and two that that stronger heart will then serve you a lot better as you age I think as we get older once we're into our 40s and 50s you know we just we can't necessarily we don't have as much volume or we can't necessarily take as much volume we don't we can't we're going to wear down a little bit faster so that's when you back off on cardio and that's when you really really got to focus on strength training what starts happening when we hit the 40s right what what do you think in your opinion is the biggest difference between training and your 40s versus the 20s I think it really it is that it is that overall recovery time you need a little bit more recovery you can get really really strong in your 40s I think the one thing I try to do especially because you know because I met men's album because so many of our readers are in there is I don't want to I don't want to scare them away and make them think I don't want to scare myself away from me I don't want to scare them away make them think 40 is somehow the end um the I think the things you're facing though are you do need a little bit more recovery time you're not going to bounce back as well from injury and you need to make sure to to protect your joints that's um you need to make sure to protect your joints so I think that's one thing um I realized a couple so our our latest cover guys on a shorteninger and when I was training with him you know he's a guy who's lifted and insanely heavy for years he's 75 years old now which is kind of nuts and saying yeah um an election exactly and he needed to you know he um the thing he complained about the most so we talked a lot um after we worked out together and then we talked we had a great interview but the thing he complained about the most in his interview was his joints right um and I think that's the thing that um that plague once you're over 40 you feel those a little bit more um the way to offset that is and it sounds kind of basic but just you need a better warm-up you need to take your time to ramp into your need to take and the truth is you probably should be doing that in your 20s too but you need when you're in your 40s when I was in my 20s I could get away with not warming up and that the truth is I probably felt like the same little things in my shoulders that bug me when I was in my 20s or that bug me now I probably felt them when I was in my 20s I just didn't need to react to them because I have this great recovery response. You're like I'm fine. Yeah um that I'm fine not once you're into your 40s you're paying an increasing price so you need to be a tune to that and you also and you need to um you need to warm up better and you need I think it's really really important once you're into your 40s and 50s that we do not just kind of a dynamic warm-up but that if we're going into our strength motions we we take very we're very very attentive to our warm-up sets. This is actually something I learned from Chris need the uh giant when he was with the giants he was a uh offensive lineman for them and I used to ask him he was probably about 35 34 35 like his last year in the league and I would ask him a lot about the bench press like how he warmed up how he did everything and he would literally start with I started doing this too and it works on so many levels um he would start with like the bar and I was like why are you venting the bar there's nothing there and he's like because it helps me one the explosive um because it's it's it's a super good way to like get in a groove of okay I'm gonna be powerful but too it lets me pay attention to my joints right so I think it's really really important that if you're going into a heavy lift if you're in your 40s and 50s take three to four sets of warm-up set it's before you actually move um a serious load it's gonna take a little bit more time but your body will thank you and you'll probably honestly have a better workout too. Let's up the ante here and talk about 75 plus right so um I think we're gonna start seeing more generations um and more people working out at that age and I think we're starting to see that shift now I'm that's my goal I still want to be going at 75 plus and I still want to be going in the gym a couple of times a week and getting my runs in right um so let's talk about that and let's talk about you know we're in that that third shift so now we're 50 plus but now we're now we're 75 plus what's your recommendation there for maintaining strength and just muscle just for functionality right and that's what it's about when you get to it's funny because I've always when I went down to interview Arnold I definitely envision myself at 75 it's like I'm gonna be jacked in the superhero and that's just the way it's gonna be right um not negotiable um I think it is um the one that was the eye opening thing about Arnold because um that's not what he told me I assume you know in some way he was gonna he was still gonna be a superhero and he is on you know TV but um he basically said now I he basically said now I live to to stay healthy and stay alive and um and to make my movies um which kind of you know I mean at first it took me a while to wrap my mind around that I think because I am not somebody who wants to change my goals but hearing kind of you know 75 year old terminator do it I think um you know I think I think it is a little bit as you and I get older um will shift our goals a little bit and will shift how we train because it does become muscle becomes about about living when you're at 75 I need to strengthen you you know I need strength to to get up off the ground and I need strength to you know the basic strength to like open my refrigerator to get in my car um my dad is 79 and sometimes you know I look it I look at him and you know it's like you know he needs a strength to pick up his granddaughter you know and so we need it for that purpose so I think our our training shifts our volume is gonna decrease even more um and the reality is there's a very very good chance at even if you know we're gonna I feel like I'm gonna work my ass off to stay super healthy but I'll probably have you know a couple aches and pains that's I think when when we get there I think we still want to folk we want to do everything we can to hit those same movement patterns I laid out before so we want to you know have kind of a squat motion hip motion horizontal vertical pull horizontal vertical push but I don't think we necessarily have to do it with freeways I think one of the things that changes as you age when your joints can't create as much stability we can shift to machines and I think that that was the interesting thing about Arnold um everything every exercise we did we did shoulders and arms because if we didn't do our if I didn't do arms with Arnold I think I would die um fair but it was all machines right and that's gonna allow for a couple things one is gonna allow us to still move a relatively heavy load um it's gonna allow us to work through any injuries we have because we can kind of customize our form a little bit um and it's gonna allow us to pile up some volume without necessarily you know it'll be great if I can do you know 315 pound deadless for for max reps when I am 75 years old but it might not be the safest thing and the breakdown that might happen if I miss on my 15th rep is gonna be a lot more it's gonna is gonna take me out of the commission for longer than at 75 then it would now and so I think shifting to machines um and shifting to a little bit of volume is something that's gonna help us a lot and it's gonna help a lot as we get older machines um bands bodyweight movements etc all this to say that string turning does have a place in every decade it's just how you go about it that will shift and transition over the years yeah um let's transition transition to our last topic today so a mental health specifically men's mental health um it's not talked about enough not nearly enough um we just wrapped um may which is mental health awareness month but going into men's health month here in June you know let's talk about your experience with mental health let's talk about how fitness and working out has helped with mental health um and just take us on your journey with it a little bit yeah it's and I feel like I was probably the generation before mental health became something you could talk about um and so for for a very very long time especially in the newspaper business so I started it's a New York Daily News the newspaper business is hard you show you show up you go write your story you do um you do your work and they don't want to hear you complain they want your story because you have a deadline and it's tomorrow um so it wasn't it wasn't discussed um and to be honest that created a lot of you know my mind played a lot of games with me at that time um but I think it's evolved and I think it's it's evolved very very positively and I think you see the fact you see it you know the athletes I was covering also weren't talking about it but now to I think it is two years ago Ben Ben Simmons from the from the six years at the time or might have been the net you know basically took like half a year off because you needed to monitor his mental health you had to some onbiles thing a couple of years ago um where she was very open about about it and I think as we're having the conversation it's it's changed for the better and it's kind of helped me like I I think for me working out has always been very much my safe place um I go in there and I want to I want to I want to work hard but the cool thing with working out for me is um it's something where I control everything right I control all the variables how many reps I'm gonna do what weight I'm gonna put what weight I'm gonna put up am I gonna do the fist set or do I want to sit it out and I think because of that um working out sort of helps my mental health because all I think your mental health at least for me my mental health struggles with all of these factors that I can't control right but when I stepped into the gym when I pick up a weight I chose the weight I'm picking up and I'm in control of that and so I think I think that helped me a lot and I hope that in the long term people can I guess hopefully get something out of working out like that where it isn't some kind of burden that they have to assume but it can be kind of a place where they can understand that yes they're subjecting themselves to work but they're in control of that work yeah great stuff tell us what's next for you tell us how people can fall along on your journey where they can fall along online um we've got a lot of cool projects that we've got a lot of cool projects going on it men's helped all the time um can't say too much about what's coming but um definitely read the cover story we have with Arnold Schwarzenegger coolest project that I've ever done and we've also got a really cool program in terms of strength and diversity for men's health and women's health this is a program where I work with eight to ten trainers a year um we try to develop them we get them certification we get the mentorship um and then we try to get them into into into the men's health and women's health programs so we're trying our best to just um open up who can be a trainer and create more opportunity for a lot of young trainers out there so we love to be able to um pay attention to that I'm at Ebenezer Samuel 23 on this program and our YouTube channel at Men's Health Men's Health Muscle is a really really great spot that we're trying to grow and we're trying to provide people with a lot of good fitness instruction great congrats on all your success so far we look forward to falling along on your journey awesome thanks for tuning in for another episode here at bodybuilding.com stay tuned for more stories along the way