Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What's up, bodybuilding.com listeners. My name is Daniel Bitz and today I'm joined by Kristen Lettenberger. Kristen is a doctor of physical therapy, certified strength and conditioning coach, and pregnancy and postpartum athleticism coach. She is a director of bespoke women, specializing in women's health, including pregnancy and postpartum rehab, and returned to sports postpartum. Kristen has spent the last few years of her career expanding her knowledge in women's health and pelvic floor rehab. Combining that with her power lifting background and love for sports rehab, she has been a unique asset for moms who want to continue exercise during pregnancy and return to their sports postpartum stronger than ever. Kristen has given numerous workshops on training during pregnancy, and returning to exercise postpartum, as well as hosted bespoke's first women's health panel on how to navigate pregnancy and postpartum. Her focus is to help people improve their overall health and performance in order to live better longer. Kristen, welcome to the BB Compacast. Thank you so much, I'm so excited. We had a quick conversation about this last week, so I feel like we can get into more detail today, for sure. Yeah, absolutely. For those who've begun familiar with our friends and partners over at bespoke physical therapy, Kristen joins us from their New York City locations with Dan Cam and the rest of the crew over there. Kristen, we've got a lot on the docket today that all athletes can really find some benefit from so let's dive into it. Awesome. Today's episode is brought to you by me today. Me today offers a women's daily routine with their busy lifestyle and mind. Their women's daily supplement includes a two month supply of easy to swallow one-a-day veggie capsules. Packed with 28 vitamins, minerals, and herbs to support general health and well-being. Me today also offers a skincare range that works as tirelessly as you do. Me today's supplements skincare, I'm Nuka Honey, unlocking your best tomorrow, shop now at bodybuilding.com. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. So topic one for our listeners today will be understanding the pelvic floor. So this is a huge topic right now. We've talked about it a couple of times together and honestly a long overdue topic. In recent years, we've been hearing more and more about pelvic floor therapy, specifically catered towards women. And just as some contextual background for the users out there, a 22-study conducted with 25,000 women found that 32% experienced some form of pelvic floor dysfunction. UCLA health predicts that one and three women are currently affected by pelvic floor dysfunction. There's certainly no doubt that in previous decades we simply didn't have the science and studies. surrounding women's reproductive health. Let's talk a little bit why this has become such a relevant topic. Why pelvic floor therapy is exploding in the market right now? Why people are seeking this more and more on a daily basis? And really what really caused the general awareness that we're seeing here today? Yeah, I think this is a great place to start because pelvic floor in general has always been like a very small subset of physical therapy as well. So you get, if you like an end when you they give you a general kind of background of it. But you weren't really taught much. You always had to do some continuing education course. And I think now that it's been a few decades now, you see more women, especially younger youth kind of going through sports and then expanding that into college. And expanding that past college and then becoming mothers and still wanting to perform in their sports. And then you also see this trend of women into science. And so there's like a needs, right? Whenever research is done, you need some sort of need in order to kind of push the research forward. So now that you're seeing more women in sports, you're seeing more women scientists. You're seeing more researchers in those areas. They're pushing the agenda and that is going to help with funding. So you have more, like demonstrations of women still performing within pregnancy and into their postpartum. And then the women of science are like, okay, we need to figure out what's going on here. Like, is this safe because we've been told you can't lift more than 10 pounds while you're pregnant, which is ludicrous. Just think about like everything, like your backpack probably weighs more than 10 pounds. But exercises now being shown to be really beneficial for pregnancy and really beneficial for postpartum. So people wanting to understand how it works better. I think is really feeling the fire for pelvic health. And now that there is these studies coming out, like this 221 that you just mentioned, and showing the enormous prevalence of pelvic floor. And we're like, okay, let's do something about it. And I think that is also pushing the agenda for more research. And it's really, it's an exciting time to be a physical therapist and to be in sports. And to then have the information to give women, because we really didn't have it before. It was so anecdotal and a lot of it still is. It's very gray. It's not very black and white. And I think over the next decade we're going to see so much more coming out. And just a better understanding of women and just like last thing on this one is like, you know, we're not small men and I think, you know, Stacy Sims has said that. And understanding that women are different and their training is going to be different. Their nutrition is different. We've different considerations. That makes it a really interesting topic for researchers. And I think that is also going to help kind of drive this new revolution. Absolutely. I mean, I think, you know, we need to start with the anatomy, right? And this pertains to both men and women because public floor therapy is for both. And we get into that in a second. Let's discuss the anatomy of the public floor and by why both men and women benefit from preventative insurance and imbuminance here. Once we go through the anatomy, and Kristen has brought a friend with her, to help with our demonstrations. We're then going to break down, you know, what are the signs and symptoms that can be affecting every day function, sexual performance, and athletic performance as well. So if one, you know, let's break down the anatomy. Yeah, I mean, with anatomy, every regardless of your sex, everyone has a pelvic floor. It is the base of your core. And if you, I like the analogy of, like a cardboard box. So if you're bottom of the carpet box, you got wet, right? You pick it up, you load it up, and you pick it up. Everything just falls right through, right? So that's your pelvic floor. The basic of that box. And so you need a strong meaning of a compliant, and you need a coordinated pelvic floor in order to lift loads in order to support your organs within your pelvis. And I'll show you guys not why you're not having any things. Yeah, I'm pregnant. Yeah, so I left the, for those of you who are listening to an into our YouTube for the visuals. Yeah, please. Because I bring this into like all of my such sounds telling Danielle this before. But I, I left the organs, and this is a female pelvis. And you can, the first most, um, organ here is your bladder. And then you view uterus, and you have your rectum right behind it. So you can see how that uterus, starting pregnancy, is resting right on top of the bladder. So it really gives a good, different, like, a visual presentation of how why you need to peel up more, right? Taring pregnancy. But let me remove these guys real quick. And this is your pelvic floor. So you have like your deep pelvic floor here. And the five functions of the pelvic floor is support. That's one, um, it supports your organs. So it's going to support your, um, support your bladder. It's going to support your rectum. It's going to support the rest of your organs and your whole body. And that is really within this slink here in that pelvic floor. These are your levator and I because the second function is sphingtarric. So it's going to close your rectum. It also kind of works through your vaginal canal here. Um, you have your superficial muscles here in the near the vaginal opening. And this is the same for men too. They have these like, ishial cavernosis on each side of their pelvis. They have that bunjo, um, we'll just sponge your osis here. But it's more onto this after the penis. And these helped with maintaining erections and sexual function. That's another function of the pelvic floor. So you have your support. You have your sexual function. You have your stability because you can see how it connects in the back. So it's going to work into the extra movies and it works on stabilizing your core as well as like your SI. Another hip muscles. Um, swing terrac as the other one. And then it also works as a sub pump. So it helps with like fluid distribution and your lymphatic control. But regardless of who you are, you all have these muscles. And they're all working to support those areas. And they really do have a big impact on, um, you know, athletic performance. So if you think of that box analogy I gave you before. If you have a weak pelvic floor, imagine you're doing a one rep max squat. And your pelvic floor gives out what do you think is going to happen? It's kind of like very similar to when a woman is on the powerlifting platform and she pays her hands. Like that is a non-compile in pelvic floor. Something has gone wrong. The pressure has gone too far into the pelvic floor. Maybe it was in strong enough to maintain those loads. And so that's one sort of way of looking at it. So why you need a strong pelvic floor. And you can work on it as a man. Just we cue it a little bit differently than we do for women because this sensation might feel different to them. But they all have the same five functions. What does some of the high level signs and symptoms someone could be experiencing just from an everyday life perspective that may be related to pelvic floor dysfunction? Yeah. So some of the signs and symptoms might be either pain in your pelvis. You might be having like some spasms tailbone pain. That's usually very closely related to your pelvic floor. So if you're sitting on your tailbone and noticing it's really uncomfortable, it could be tightness within the live Vaynerani muscles of that deep pelvic floor you see inside. Painful urination. That is another one in continents. So either it's beagle or urinary in continents. And that's like a loss of control of your bowels. But say it's more under stress. So like if you sneeze, if you cough, if you're doing double under, if you're dead lifting and UP a little bit, that is sort of a pelvic floor dysfunction. Same thing if you like maybe it comes out the other end. And that's the other side of your pelvic floor. The less fortunate. The less fortunate one. It's also a sign of a pelvic floor dysfunction. But those are like the main ones. Usually it's pain, use you to in continents heaviness for women. Like pelvic organ prolapse. And for men mostly it can be like tailbone pain that I see a lot or painful urination and that not related to a UTI. So very similar to having hamstring tightness, having quad tightness. I mean all of these muscles can still have those negative attributions to them. Yeah absolutely. What about sexual performance? Let's break that down by that as well. So by sex. So each of those kind of superficial muscles here. So you have like your muscles along the outside of the bones. And you have the one on the inside. These guys work a lot and right here at the tip of the vaginal opening. You have your clitoris. And that is also like erectile tissue. And those muscles really work to maintain erections. And that's for men and women. It also helps with orgasms. So you want quick contractions of those muscles to help either push out the sperm. And to obtain an orgasm as a female. And so that's like one of the main functions within that. And so you have like trigger points within your pelvic floor. So like say you have not in your quad or like in the middle of your back. Or most people get them between their shoulder blades. This same thing can happen within your pelvic floor. And that can cause pain with orgasms. And that can cause pain with just penetration. And so understanding that you know your pelvic floor are a series of muscles. And they do react very similar to other muscles within your body. You can treat it a little bit easier that way. Because when you break it down it's like, Oh, it's like your bicep. You know, you like toward a little bit. Let's work on it. Let's massage it. Let's strengthen it. And let's like work on relaxing. Relaxing it and also contracting it. Yeah, restoring that blood flow to there. For proper function. Exactly. Yeah. And athletic performance. You touch on this slightly before in terms of a one-ret max. But what if somebody, you know, doesn't necessarily have the signs of symptoms. Isn't really experiencing pain. But how can this help with athletic performance by training the pelvic floor on a daily and weekly basis? Yeah. I mean, even if you're not experiencing these symptoms, there's it's like an endurance muscle like your gastroc or your sole is. So when you're running or running you're not really having any calf pain when you're running. But then when you do. So it's more that prevention idea. Also when you cue your pelvic floor, it engages your core and your diaphragm together. So they all work together in order to produce that pressure. I know we're going to get into this a little bit too. But by training your pelvic floor specifically, you can actually feel that bottom of your core. And you can almost produce more force and more force. And more power than through the rest of your torso. Because the stiffer you keep your spine, the more pressure that you can distribute 360 degrees around. The more that you can kind of push through. And that's that's one of the ways that athletic performance can improve with by training your pelvic floor. Makes total sense. Let's move into resolutions here. Let's, you know, let's skin the surface regarding what these movements look like. Both at home, what can be done with a specialist such as yourself or a therapist and person. You know, I feel like a lot of people just say, just look up a kegels video on YouTube, right? Well, let's, let's really break down what we should be doing. Maybe where we should start. Maybe kegels are a part of that, right? But it's not the only thing to do here. Yeah. It's like there's camps of no kegels and there's camps of all kegels. And I'm, I'm like in the middle. I've never been an extremist with anything really. Because I don't think it's that black and white with anything that you do during training. But some of those exercises include like my top three to teach my clients is how to use or diaphragm properly, how that works with their pelvic floor and that could be pelvic floor relaxation. With breath and contraction. So kegels is a contraction of your pelvic floor. And you can also kind of play with where the contraction is. So you can try and feel like a anterior contraction closer to the front of your pelvis or a posterior contractual or you're pulling your sit bones together. And that's more of like your levator eye-ni and it's working on your posterior aspect of your pelvic floor. And then I work on deep core exercises. So transvers abdominis. And then I get into bracing after that. So it's all like table work, maybe for the first 10 minutes. And then you got to see how can we then translate that to standing because that's when you're using your pelvic floor on the most load. The again, gravity. So you really have to demonstrate some activation in those areas. So I'll get them on standing and doing the same exercises. So they can really cue into that mind muscle connection. You read my mind. I was just hanging out mind muscle connection, right? Because this really isn't as easy as sitting here and flexing your bicep or the quads, right? And popping up your calf here. It's a lot more difficult. It's probably something that most people who come in probably have never even attempted, right? So I mean, what, you know, I'm sure there's frustration that's involved. It's right with first timers who this is completely new to. What are a few of the movements that you find really helped develop that mind muscle connection when they're first starting out? For sure. It depends on how they're learning. Some people learn tactily. And then that can mean actually insertion of like my digit during like examination and they have them contract around. And they feel that sensation or there's cues like pull a tampon up and in, wrap it or wrap your muscles around it. And that kind of gives people like, oh, that's what it should feel like. Or picking up blueberry. So it's like a lot of queuing. But I also, in the same thing for men too, like you can do rectal exams for men. That's usually how you test the pelvic floor is rectally for men. And you kind of can use your digits there as well. And you can sort of have that sensation of contracting your pelvic floor. But of course not everyone is comfortable with that. And you don't necessarily have to do those things. Being in a seated position, you're actually sitting on your pelvic floor. So you can probably try this now if you want to do it. Is you're thinking about when you exhale, you're going to contract your pelvic floor. So you're lifting up and in a way from the seat. And you're trying not to squeeze your glutes. So you just breathe in, you breathe out and you lift away from the table. And then you let the pelvic floor get nice and heavy into the ground. That type of tactile feedback is also really helpful for teaching, like first steps. And then you know your pelvic floor works automatically with your breath. So it's a lot of queuing through the breath and then just check tracking sensations. You know, a lot of first timers, you know, from both men and women. I'm sure probably have a comfort level to get used to as well, right? How do you how do you tackle that? You know, how do you kind of get them understanding, you know, what needs to be done? What is some of the language that you use with them, especially with someone who is, you know, Coming in a little bit more reserved, a little bit more uneducated on it, right? But they know that they they want to be there and they know that they haven't issued that they want to resolve. Yeah, I mean for any of my clients before I even like, okay, strip down. Let's go. Let's go for absolutely not. I would never do that. I would always ask so this is and this is why my model is so important because I can really demonstrate it to them. But it starts with a conversation of I can almost get a sense of what's going on before I even do an examination. So as long as my subjective is good, is like what the information I'm collecting from my client, I started gauge like what their comfort level is with internal examinations. And if it's not something that they want to do, no problem. Like I'll show you on the model, we'll demonstrate it together. Maybe you try some things at home that you feel a little bit more comfortable with. I do find that females are usually a little bit more open to it because we'd go for a got-on-clogical exams every year. We're used to someone kind of like prodding us a little bit more than I think men are. But there are comfort levels there as well. Maybe they're like, no, I'm not really comfortable with this. So then of course the model comes in. And we don't necessarily need to do internal exams to have an understanding of our pelvic floor. Is there ever a point where tools do exist and perhaps someone's not comfortable with internal exams at least to start? Would you then implement perhaps a demonstration of a tool for them to try at home? That's kind of your approach for that. Yeah, I guess it depends on what they're coming in for treatment. If it's like you're an incontinence usually just a bladder diary. So I'm like, okay, keep track of like when you pee, how long you're peeing for. You're fluids that you're taking in throughout the day and maybe irritants. So that's like incontinence one. If it's more of a pelvic floor pain. So they're having pain with penetration or things like that. There are tools are like pelvic floor ones. So you can use that very much like a mild facial release ball that you just insert into your pelvic floor and you press and you hold on the tender points until it resolves the pain. There's also things like dilators. And so that really helps expand the pelvic floor and get people up to a point where they can tolerate maybe an internal exam or taller just, you know, sexual intercourse with their partner. There's other tools for kegles. There's like lots of bio feed back tools now. LV is one of them. Those are just like insertable that they can do at home and they can play a most video games with their pelvic floor, like contracting the muscles and relaxing them. Those can be really helpful. Especially to know if you're doing the exercise properly or not. Those are a couple that I would do. I'm sure a lot of the times it really comes down to just muscle tightness at some point, right? That's really contributing to the dysfunction that they're experiencing. You mentioned the wand, right? I think that's one that we're seeing rise very quickly. But we're also seeing a lot of horror stories out there, right? Or just really stories about not even knowing where to start once they get it, right? They order this off of Amazon and they're like, okay, well what's next? So, you know, what's your recommendation for someone who perhaps got this under the advice of their doctor? Of course, first, right? What's step one for even implementing that tool into, you know, say, a myelfastial release for the pelvic floor? Yeah, start slow. I would say, and I think sometimes you're more or two aggressive into, like, Ooh, that's a point and they'll like really go out at your pelvic floor is small, strong, but also very delicate because the tissues are, it's like a very sensitive area. You don't want to go ham on a muscle. You definitely don't want to be strumming the muscle so much. It's more of a press and release press and release because it is an endurance type of muscle. And it doesn't usually respond well to more of that strumming that we know for the rest of our muscles. So I would recommend that. So start slow, start gentle, do it from maybe 30 seconds at a time. Don't do your whole pelvic floor. Maybe just start on like one side and then work to the other side eventually. And if you're really, you know, not doing well with the at home treatments, go in and and and seek some more professional help. And maybe, yeah, just go from there. And we're going to transition to topic two and, you know, you touched on on breath and how it's such an instrumental piece of pelvic floor and resolving any any dysfunction. So let's talk about injecting breath into movements, specifically heavy lifting. So for our lifters out there, this is a great one for you to listen into. So, you know, the power of intentional breathing is long when proven as a beneficial tool for athletic performance, but different types of breathing, you know, can be applied to specific situations. For example, you know, we talked about how rhythm might be different for a one rep max versus volume sets of eights, right? So one, let's break down the importance of leveraging breath techniques for all movements, but specifically where this comes into play for the big three, right? So we're talking squat deadlift and bench. Let's break that down. Yeah, I mean, breath is like vital for lifting. I think I teach breathing so much for my clients. It's insane. I like to break down by three breaths. You have your Valsava maneuver. You have your dynamic breath actually four breaths. So Valsava dynamic foundational and diaphragmatic. So diaphragmatic is more of that relaxation breath. Your Valsava will be more for your one rep max and that counting into your brace. Your dynamic is when you're breathing in going down and breathing out as you come up and foundationals when you're breathing out throughout the entire thing. Each of those have different goals for the performance. When it comes to squatting, delifting and benching, I typically stay within the foundational Valsava and dynamic breaths. The dynamic is the easiest one for people to understand. That is when you take a breath at the top. Maybe you're taking a breath as you're going so you're going down into the squat and then you're exhaling as you come up. And what's happening here is you're getting that core contraction through the concentric movement of the exercise. So as you're pushing up into that squat, you're going to be getting more activation of your pelvic floor, your core and your diaphragm. This really plays into how do you properly brace. So are you breathing 360 degrees around? And this isn't just for Valsava. You should be treating your warmups, the same way that you treat your one rep max. So you should be taking that nice deep breath in. You should be expanding 360 degrees around. So you're not putting too much pressure into your abdominal wall or into your pelvic floor. You're distributing it like a can. So when you step on a closed can, you can stand on it. It's nice and solid. If you break that seal, you stand on it. You crush the can. So we're trying to keep that can. Nice and close. Nice and compact. And you can see how that pelvic floor really plays into that for sure. And that is going to be your bracing. And that is huge. So it helps you improve your athletic performance and improve your ability to push through. And exercise, say like you're doing a squat or a deadlift, if you don't have a tight torso and you don't have that tight brace, your force production is going to be a lot lower. Love the analogies. Awesome to break down and different techniques for breathing. Let's talk about progressing breath, right? So say someone doesn't really know where to start with emphasizing breath during movement patterns. Where is a good place to start? Are we on the floor? Do we have our hands on our belly? How are we progressing, you know, implementing the breath to not only daily life but movement? Yeah, I mean, when a patient comes into see me, the first thing I'm looking at is how they're walking and where they're breathing from. So say like someone's breathing a little bit more through their upper chest. Then I'm like, okay, maybe we need to have them lay on their back. Have them learn to breathe into their back a little bit more or have them breathe into their belly a little bit more. Or say like they've been a yogi for 10 years and they breathe all through their belly. So they're doing a lot of diaphragmatic breathing. Maybe I need to teach them in a seated position with their hands on their waist how to breathe laterally. So really expand through that ribcage and then maybe supine like on their backs are and how to breathe into their backs. So they're breathing into the floor. Those are great places to start. I also like a quadruped position. So like on all four. So you're going to do a bear and you're breathing completely out into the belly into the side into your back. And then you contract and you like pull the belly up and you kind of create a nice abdominal control. That's a really great way of doing it because then you can lift the knees and you can get more core control through there and more core activation with that. So it depends on where they're breathing from naturally. So if their tendency is like their chest, maybe they have them laying down, try to breathe through their back. Tactile cues for it are super important. So like put your hands on your side, put your hands on your back, put your hands on your chest and try to breathe into those areas that you feel like you don't. You're not as good at breathing into. And that's a great way to start. And then I usually have people start by taking nice deep breaths and then trying to breathe. So it's like you breathe in, you get as much air into your system and then you contract your core. You like tighten it without breathing out first. And then you breathe out and you tighten that core activation. So you breathe out nice and slowly through your mouth. More with like a blowing through a straw. And so that is going to get more core activation going in. It's going to create a stronger brace. So instead of I love to teach people this, it's like taking nice deep breath in. And just say, and it's like, okay, your body just totally relax, right? There's like nothing going on there. And then take a nice deep breath in. And then breathe out through a straw. And you should feel your core really contract there. And that is what you want. You don't want that relaxation breath before you lift. Nice strong core. Keep it tight. Yeah, so breathing through a straw. So I teach you how to breathe in. Expand 360 degrees, like filling that can again. And then exhale through the straw. And then you can do if you want to work on the brace a little bit more. I have them take sips. So you breathe out. You can track that core. You take another breath in. You try to fill the torso more and more. And then short exhale. So you're getting short activations of the core. Like if you wear a weight belt, that is like a technique. So you breathe into it. You can track your core and you take sips in of air to increase that brace without losing the core contraction. You don't have a weight belt. Get a shot. Yeah. So you mentioned you can tell pretty quickly just seeing someone take a couple laps around the clinic. And then you can see that you're looking at the breathing. What are some of those body language cues that you're looking at to determine where their breath is coming from? Yeah, I mean if they're shoulder, they're coming up and down. That's a pretty good indication that they're breathing a lot more through their chest. If they have a lot of like tension, like neck tension and the front of their neck is like their clavicles are moving. That's another indication if when they put a bar on their back. So sometimes I'll just have like someone, okay, let's go try to squat. And say that they are familiar with a barbell. I'm going to put them under a barbell and be like, okay, show me how you squat. And all they do is breathe through their chest. And I'll like, okay, so let's try. Let's get to work. Yeah. Let's put your hands on your side. You're in a breathing to those hands. You're going to breathe into your thumb because usually people wrap their waist like this. So you can think about breathing out and your elbow should go away from you and then you contract your core. And so we'll work with those types of cues first. If they're like really having a hard time with breathing, I sometimes just teach them movement first and their body sort of like fall into place. So if you put a little bit of load, sometimes people like intuitively contract their core. But then you just like tweak it as they get better at a movement. How does this emphasis on 360 breathing prevent spinal injuries and back injuries, especially during heavy lifts? Yeah. I mean, it's crucial if you don't have a tight brace if you don't have that 360 degree activation, your spinal column is not going to be a stable. And so understanding that you breathe into your back a little bit more, that's going to sometimes usually put you more into a posterior pelvic tilt, which then can put you really what you're looking for as a neutral spine. So really emphasizing that 360 degree breathing, you're creating as tight a brace around as you possibly can. And that just stiffens your spinal column and that avoids micro movement. So where injuries tend to happen is when there's a breakdown in your bracing technique. And so you're coming out of the squat and you do like a butt wink. So you dipped down in it could be a mobility problem too, and that's like another topic. But say you dip down into that wink and then as you come up, you're butt kind of flexes and you're getting a little extension into that spine. That is either from mobility or lack of stability within your brace. And so that can cause injury into the spinal column, say you're deadlifting, right? So you're not able to maintain a nice neutral position. Within that lumbar spine, you go into a lot of flexion through that area under load. It's just a recipe for a discerningation. So maintaining a tight brace, really getting your lats engaged, especially for a deadlift, getting that 360 degree brace before you grab the bar and getting really tight into that position. Those help prevent sort of that translation of the spine from extension into flexion. Can you talk about the difference between a posterior and anterior pelvic tilt? Where should we be living for the most part? Or do we want that to aim for that neutrality? And then where do we want to deviate depending on the type of movement that we're performing? Yeah, so you really want to be in that neutral position a great way to sort of see where you are. You can film yourself when you're lifting and sort of see are you more prone to that extension and you're more prone to that function. So anterior pelvic tilt, I can actually show it again on this. Bring it on in. Yeah, so we have this guy here, I'll show it from the side view. But the anterior pelvic tilt is one, literally it tilts forward. So you get a lordosis through here, you get curved back. A posterior pelvic tilt is kind of like when you go backwards. And so that's going to flatten the back. So you're doing a dead bug and you flatten your back against the floor. That's a posterior pelvic tilt. So that's going to usually create a little bit more core contraction because it activates the core a little bit more by going into that posterior pelvic tilt. And it pulls your ribcage down towards your pelvis. And then you can get more activation with that. Where you want to live with lifting is in the middle. And some people train and it really does some people train more in extension. Some people train more in flexion as long as they've been trained in that way for very long time. Usually their spines become like strong within those positions. So you don't want to change a lifters position when they've been lifting for like a decade or more too much unless they're having pain. But if they're new novice lifter, yeah, once you try and teach as much of that neutral spine as possible. What about when we're just walking around? When do we want our pelvis situated, right? So if we're a little forward, do we want to increase our glute train than pull ourselves back? If we're sitting back, do we want to increase the core strength? How are we going about that? Yeah, I think a lot of pain is usually when you're in one position for way too long. So it's all about movement. You can't have perfect posture throughout the whole day. It's just impossible. So I think being able to go between those two very well and going from anterior to posterior. Say like you're standing at your sink, but you're having low back pain and you're realizing you're actually dumping your stomach in forward. Maybe you do want to pull under a little bit more and get more of that core control. And then say that fatigue, your core starts to fatigue. So then maybe you find that nice gentle position out. It's really, you want to maybe stay more in that neutrality position, especially when walking. But you can be in more extensions sometimes. You can be more, this is like going into it. They're never in extreme. It's always about movement and changing your positions as much as possible to. So you're not stuck always in one position. And that way you're more flexible with being able to tolerate loads in different areas. Absolutely. Makes sense. Let's talk about how all this applies to learning and applying, not to be redundant. So when we're applying our learnings into every day routine, what's a typical warm-up look like for you when it comes to breathing? Maybe you're about to load up the bar for a heavy squat day. What are you doing to get your core activated and to get your breath prepared? And will you feel the difference in reps when the breath is off? How do you know when your breath is off actively? And when you're performing these and how do you say, okay, let me take a step back, get back onto the floor, fix some things and then step back under the bar. Yeah, I mean when you've been lifting for a such a long time, you sort of know when you have a good lift when you have that lift and it's like, well, shit, that was not. That was not a good lift. You reset that one completely. I basically have the same warm-up I do do specific warm-ups for my squat, my deadlift and for my bench. Just based on the muscles that I want to prime a little bit more so I dab that for each of my lifts. But say, I think squat is a nice one because of the bars loaded on top of you. But I always start with kick-house. And that's one way I can get my breath really involved is taking a steep breath and rounding and then exhaling and coming through. And I'm just getting some movement through my spine, so it's not too rigid in one position or the other. So that I can really contract and play with my pelvis and see where the position feels good that day. I'll do like rolled greatest stretch and use my breath in there and like really expand through my ribcage and get that nice rotation. Because so much of power lifting is in that lateral kind of position where you're just going up and down all the time. You're not really going into rotation. So I try to add a little bit rotation through my warm-ups. And that just helps expand my diaphragm and expand into that lateral aspect of my breath. So world's great stretch for those things. And then I'll do like a bear like hold. So I'll come in. I'll practice my deep 360 breathing. I'll contract my core. I'll do my knees. It's like lighting some fire in your belly. Just getting some activation there and then bird dogs. So I love doing bird dogs. It gets that nice extension into your back. But you want to keep a nice neutral spine when you're actually doing it. So you're not kicking up too high. And then I'll do like a side plank. Those are like my top ones that I always do between at least my squats and my deadlifts. For bird dogs I always like to say, pretend you have a glass of water or line on your back. So you're glass of red wine and you're going to spill on your white carpet. Yeah. External motivator there. It's more like a slide back. A pose to kick up. Right. Yeah. You know, we would be remiss to not bring up how this all pertains to returning to sport postpartum. Right. So you yourself have specific training and experience with bringing new moms and new parents back to sport post one baby or fourth baby. Right. Let's talk a little bit about that protocol. Let's talk about what is step one and you know what are the steps that are to follow after returning them to sport or just everyday life. Right. It does have to be to an extreme sport and marathon running. And how do you really kind of gauge their progress? How do you know when it's time to move from step one to two to three? Yeah. Absolutely. I mean, it's such a great area for a lot of women. It does depend on how the birth was. And so if there's any trauma or healing considerations. But like the first things I start people with is breathing, Transursive Donna's activation and key goals. Thank everyone is doing just those three exercises because that's usually all the energy that they have to perform, especially early on in postpartum in those first few weeks. So those are exercises you can start right away. So I'm having them expand through their diaphragm again. Really try to get their core activated again, get the sensations of their pelvic floor going. Because in those first few weeks, lots of moms will tell you it just feels like gelo. It's hard to raw out of bed. It's hard to get up and stand. It can be really challenging to even go to the bathroom. And so by getting those three components working more efficiently, that can really improve their outcomes. And so we do that for like two weeks. You're just breathing. You're activating your TA. We're doing a little bit of core work. Maybe we're doing some mobility and you're doing key goals. Recreating the body awareness and muscle mind action. Yeah, exactly. That is the first step. And then from there you just start loading. Like you do some bridges. You do some air squats. You do movements that they're super familiar with. Say they were an athlete and they know how to do all these things really well. So we just try to be like, okay, you can have your rehab exercises. Those three exercises we start with. Now we're going to just add some squats into that. So I want you to take a breath in. Come down. Exhale as you come up. Really try to find that core connection again. Moose low. Move with intention. Mind muscle connection. So you start with body weight. Then you move into some banded exercises. And really depending on how they're doing. How much energy they have. How much time they have. We can get them exercising within six weeks of postpartum. It may not completely look like the way they are exercising even during pregnancy. But that it's like a great baseline for there. And how we progress is really how you're feeling and how you're recovering. So there's a lot of sleep deprivation of course in early postpartum. So I tried to maximize as much recovery as possible in those early stages. Because it makes returning back to exercise so much easier when you have the energy for it. And then you just load it. So we're looking at pelvic floor symptoms. Are they having heaviness into their pelvic floor? Are they having diced dices? Symptoms? Are they having increased pain? Are there any bleeding? And these are like signs of okay we're pushing too hard. We're pushing too fast because you're still healing internally for quite some time. And that's like hormonal, musculoskeletal. I would say at least three months for most of those things to come back into heal fully. And so within those three months you're just trying to build up capacity. Obviously extremely different protocols. Vaginal birth versus cesarean, right? Yeah. How are you, you know, dictating where you start based off of their birth plan and then, you know, how it occurred. Yeah. If it was a cesarean birth, sometimes the were restricted by the healing time of the incision. There's lots of tissues that were just opened up. It went through your entire abdomen like abdominal wall. And into your uterus. So like there's many layers that need to heal. So but I still start with those three exercises. You're still doing diaphragmatic breathing. It might be even more important for you to start doing that because you don't want that scar to get bound down. You don't want any scar tissue in that area. So as soon as we can as soon as it's healed, we start like scar massage. And that also might be the case if there's any perennial tearing as well. So you start, you can do some internal massage on that as well and that can help a lot too. But the time preen just gets shifted a little bit longer. So cesarean birth, they tend, it's usually instead of six weeks, is it like your go head from the doctor? It could be eight to ten weeks. So you're just pushed maybe like two weeks more. But someone would do really great and they can kind of bounce back a little bit faster. Let's let's head into one of our final topics that we have today progressing performance in power lifting. So you yourself, Kristen, you're an experienced power lifter and you're a strength and conditioning coach yourself. Talk through your background of where you started as beginner lifter. I feel like that's always fun to touch on right and hear about your original story on the platform right? And how you've implemented a little bit of everything that we've spoken about today to your routine and to your performance? Yeah, I mean, I was a softball player growing up and I took that. All the way through high school and played travel and love sports and when I went to college, I was a biomeger and so like I prioritized science over my athletics and so instead I took lots of gym classes. But it took like 10 it's and I took a weightlifting gym class and I was like, oh, this is really cool. Like we did some weightlifting in high school, but we didn't have like what the baseball had team had. I had a real strength in conditioning trainer and I was like, oh, I want to do those things. I want to be really strong. And I would see my brother like, like lift tons of weights in our basement and be like, what's going on? You're peeking through the door. I want to do that. Something like 400 pounds at 18. I'm like, oh my god. I think I'm fake you. And I'm like, I want to do that. So like, but I really didn't know where to start. So I started in college and I was like working with a bar for many years. Trying to understand form. And when I went to physical therapy school, I really started to understand anatomy, biomechanics. And that got me into like, okay, I am like gym rat now. And I'm not applying this to the lift right after class. I'm like, I'm going to the gym. I'm lifting with my other physical therapy students. And like, they're so much they're so strong. And I'm learning so much just by like working out with guys and working out with women who also did it too. And then I just started, you know, thinking my own programs and it was very, it was, oh my god, they were so terrible. I was just like doing total body workouts all the time. And so, but I started learning that way. And then I became a certified strength and conditioning specialist. And I started training people. And I learned so much from doing that because I was in a gym. I was working with other trainers. I was really learning some technique. And then I graduated PT school and I started becoming physical therapist. And I really got into power lifting during the pandemic. So I hired my own coach. I was like, I can no longer just write this haphazard programming anymore. I need someone to keep me accountable. Even coaches need coaches. I think that is like 100% true because you learned so much more by someone else. So I'm like, I can't do my 95%. Okay, I wasn't going as hard as I thought I was understood. Just a little wake up. Okay, I thought I was like, it was strong. And then like, oh god, just some pop-building. Okay, I'm paying to be humble. Yeah. And then my coach at the time, Lizzie, she was like, you're stronger than you think you're. Like, you should do some power lifting. No, I was like, what? Yeah, okay. No idea what it was doing. I trained for a power lifting meet. Like the July right after the process is like 2020 was my first time I competed. And it was exhilarating. So I went from like just doing barbell within a year of training with her. I was especially from my bench. Oh my god. I went from, I could barely do a barbell to bench pressing like 230. Like my body weight. I bench pressed more than my body weight at my first competition. And I was like, okay, this is, this is how you do it. And then you just like, you get into the technique and you're learning more. But this has been like now it's 203. So it's three years of just strict power lifting technique and working with coaches and really understanding. And you know, I went to Mexico and worked with like a special coach there. For a session and it's just like video after video after video. But like for a decade, I was just like a novice like lifter just like going to the gym doing some dumbbells doing some barbells. Not really knowing what I was doing. So now I'm like, oh, I'm in it. I'm really learning. Let's talk about the accessory work and the complimentary movements that you're doing to increase your big three numbers. Yeah. So let's start with the squat. You know, what movements are you doing to strengthen that from an accessory perspective? But then also what are you doing outside of just squatting, right? There's lots of things that we can do that don't involve that primary movement to increase your, you know, your PRs. Yeah, for sure. I mean, first is my pelvic floor. I like I work on step one. Step one. I work on my pelvic floor. I work on my breathing. I work on like my pelvic control. So in my able to maintain that nice neutral position, that is like step one. And then I work on my energy leaks. Like where I'm sort of like being in deficit. I have a hard time coming out of the whole of a squat. So I do a lot of pause squats. And I think it's also super important to take the load off of your back so that your central nervous system also has some time to sort of heal itself. And so in that record, I'll do hack squats. So like I'm doing different variations. I'll do belt squats on the machine. I'll do hack squats. You also need some single leg work because say you like step out of the rack. You're on one leg. So you need to be strong there as well. And you need to be able to maintain a nice strong pelvis there in that position. So Bulgarian split squats. You're also working on your quad. And your glutes and those are super important for your squats. So like yeah, single leg Bulgarians walking lunges, hack squats, belt squats, high bar, low bar front bar. Like hit every aspect that you can. And if that's the lift you need to work on, more you should be doing at least three times a week. And outside of just obviously going into a single set leg stance when you're re-racking, putting the bar back on. What's the importance of single leg and you know, unilateral exercises to contribute to heavier bilateral lifts. And also what's the benefit of lateral movements as well? Yeah, increase those. Yeah, I mean that's just helping with injury prevention, right? So you, um, and balance. So if you're working on single leg work, you're working on your pelvic stability, you're working on your core control. And then lateral movements, you're just taking yourself out of a position that you're training all the time. So you're going to be hitting different muscle groups, but a lot of these muscle groups are stabilizers for your pelvis. And when you're doing the heavy lifts, the main thing you're trying to control is your pelvic movement. And so by training unilateral and training, literally, you're making those stability muscles stronger. What about deadlift? Let's talk about what you're doing for deadlift. Oh yeah, I loved deadlift. It's my favorite. It's so, I love deadlift. I mean, I think everyone at a lift is like the last, it's the last one at a powerlifting me, and it's always so much fun for a reason. It's like you're lifting really heavy weight off the ground. Absolutely. You feel like a god. It's empowering. Yes. But for deadlift, like I do Romanian deadlifts, I do a lot of single leg kettlebell deadlift. Either a foot supported or non-support is like a single leg RDL or a deal on the wall. I do hip thrusts a lot of times to work on my glutes. But I don't, I think your squat actually improves your deadlift, but your deadlift doesn't really improve your squat. If you work on more of your squat, like my squat is weaker than my deadlift, so I work more of my squat and improves my deadlift. But I'll do things like a box deadlift. I'll do elevated. I'll do like a hamstring one. Deficit. Like all of those are really great variations. Would deadlift, there's a lot of tax onto your central nervous system, so playing around with your energy systems throughout the week of your training. Is also super important for deadlifts. Yeah, from my perspective and from what I feel, I feel like my muscle connection is so needed in the deadlift, ground in your feet to the floor, making that connection to your brain and where you want to drive that force. You don't want to drive it all into your heels. You want to ensure that you're distributing it pretty evenly in your feet back into the floor too. But then also it comes back to that 360 breathing you're talking about before you're lifting 250 pounds off the floor. You're sure is how better you are bracing all degrees of your back of your core of your lateral and obliques. Yeah, and you want your lats really engaged. So there's like other cues you can attach a band to the barbell and then have it in front of you. And that teaches you to really pull the bar into you and that engages more through your lats. That's going to help stabilize your spine. Bench. Oh yeah. Bench. My weakest, as strong as now. I think Bench is fun. I have a really high arch when I bench. So when I'm in trying to improve my bench, it's like different variations of the bench as much as possible. So I'm trying to work as many areas of my chest as I can to improve my bench. That could be like a narrow grip, a wide grip, pause bench press because in a powerlifting meat you have to wait for them to tell you to press. So you have to be really strong in that bottom position. Another one I love doing calisthenics to improve my bench. Like chin-ups, pull-ups, single arm, bench press, incline bench press, everything. Every press, every press you can also do you to do your bench press. But you also have to work your triceps. So you need really strong triceps in order to do your bench press. And I think set up is like even, is the most important thing. So really tucking your shoulder blades underneath you and driving your force through your legs is important to you work on your leg drive. Or you can work on things like a larsan press where you have your feet up on the bench and they're straight out. So you literally have no leg drive and you're just working your chest. And that's a really fun variation. I love doing that one. What are our couple activation exercises you're doing prior to bench? Especially to get your shoulders primed right into the chest primed, etc. What are you doing before you bench? Well, I still do my cat cow. I still do my rolled gray stretch because I like to get some mobility through my thoracic spine. I'll do band pole parts. I'll do mini band external rotation. I sometimes do like a single arm rose with the band. I'll do Turkish get-ups too. And that will help with my shoulder stability. Those are some of my favorite ones that I do for activation. And then if I'm feeling particularly a tight, I'll do like an arm bar with a kettlebell. Okay. What's one piece of advice out there that you have for power lifters who constantly find themselves played with injuries? What's one big takeaway that you have for them? Step back from the platform. Don't let your ego drive your lips. Yeah. Maybe the injuries are telling you something. Maybe there's an energy leak somewhere. Maybe we need to address some more deficits. And taking a pause from it and taking like a one or two steps back and actually making you come onto that platform stronger the next time. I spend some time working on your pelvic floor and your hip-hop. Yeah, breathing and pelvic floor and bracing properly. Absolutely. Kristen, lots of great takeaways today. It's always a pleasure to have a chat with you. Tell our listeners where they can find you, follow you and learn more about everything that you have to offer. Yeah, great. So I'm at the Spoke Treatments in New York City and Min-Min-Town. You can find me at Kristen, Lettenberger, D.V.T. You can at this along the Instagram. Well, Lincoln in the bank. Yeah, I think that one in the bank. But those are like that I do a lot of stuff on Instagram. So you can find me there. I have another cohort for postpartum mamas. It's a six weeks return to exercise cohort that I give. And that will be happening. I think sometime early next year again. I just finished one. So if you're new mom and looking for a place to start and how to get back in exercise, that's a place to. So you can see that on our website at the Spoke Treatments. Great. Thanks for stopping by Kristen. Yeah. Thank you so much. Thanks for tuning in to another episode here at BodyBillin.com. Stay tuned for more stories along the way.