Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What's up, bodybuilding, a calm listener. His name is Daniel Bitz and welcome back to the BB Compaqqa. Today I'm joined by Christina Centenari. Christina is a Nike running coach, tonal strength coach, and wellness entrepreneur in New York City. As a former division one athlete, she struggled with both physical injuries and her own mental health. She's devoted the last 10 years of coaching, helping people get stronger and move with less pain. She's worked in both rehab and performance settings with everyone from professional athletes to the active again population. She specializes in strength, performance, and mobility, as well as breath work and mindfulness training. Her background as an elite athlete who struggle with anxiety and depression has molded her holistic approach to coaching today. She's a competitive runner having race 11-half Ironman's, wonderful Ironman and seven marathons, and his passionate about how breath work and mindfulness practices are crucial to achieving an optimal state of both body and mind. Christina is so excited for our conversations today. Welcome to the podcast. Thank you, Daniel. I'm so excited to be here. Absolutely, so we want to go back in time with you because you have an interesting path to where you are today. Topping number one, everybody, the athlete in me. Christina tells us about your journey on setting out to becoming a collegiate athlete which you did but it came with a tradeoff which was your mental health. This is deeply personal for you and Ironically for me too. I think it's going to be a great conversation and it's one that isn't had enough outside of college campuses or perhaps even on college campuses as it's a current in real time. So number one, take us back to a time in your life where becoming a collegiate athlete became a very real possibility. Was there pressure to make that happen or did the seem like the pinnacle of what you had been dreaming about growing up? Yeah, it is not talked about enough. So I'm really grateful that I have the opportunity to talk about it today. I would say it was a little bit of both. It was something that I knew I wanted to do from a very young age. That being said, I, for some reason, put pressure on myself at a very young age to reach this goal. There are actually two concepts and psychology that I think about for some reason I developed around 12 and one is called the audience effect, which is essentially when you think when you start to realize as a human being that other people might be observing what you do and so you sort of tweak your behavior based off of that. And as a tennis player, I don't know if I said that, I fully tennis. In growing off an in college, I became very self-aware of my performance. And my results and if people saw that I was winning. So I wanted to win and I wanted to do well, but I also wanted, you know, my coach to see me and I wanted my parents to see me and I wanted my friends and colleges. So that that audience effect, I developed that like maybe 12. And then there's a second concept called the spotlight effect, which is sort of similar. It's when you think everybody is watching you more than they are really. And again, at a young age, I just figured I had all of these eyes on me. Even though I probably didn't have as many as I thought. And I started developing this mindset of achieving goals that weren't necessarily for myself. But they were for how it looked on paper, how it looked with a ranking, or, you know, a social status, or to get to a certain, you know, college conference. So that pressure I definitely started putting on myself. And it was emphasized when I was injured. My crucial years of college recruiting. I had this shoulder injury that I couldn't figure out. And it really put me in this mindset of scarcity. You know, I was never good enough. I was afraid. I wouldn't get to where I wanted to be. All of my friends were being recruited and signing and it was end of my junior year. And I couldn't hit a forehand because I felt constant pain in my shoulder. And so I sort of developed this mindset from like age 12 to 16. I mean, of feeling like everybody was watching me of not having intrinsic goals, but having goals based off of external outcomes and a feeling scared that I wouldn't ever be good enough. And so, you know, it's kind of a loaded answer. But it just goes to show that a lot of this, like, a lot of the mental health stuff that I dealt with later in life, started developing at a young age. And how do you think that impacted the years to follow and even today too? You're a little bit of that fishbowl effect as some may call it as well. And just the overall pressure is that maybe you just put on yourself. Even if you weren't necessarily getting this from a parent, a coach, you know, college recruiters, etc. Yeah, it completely translates. I love using sport as a lens to talk about other things because it's like the best metaphor for life. The pressure that I put on myself in tennis is the same pressure that I put on myself to get to land my first job in New York, right? It was a job that was flashy and sort of like elite at the time to be there. And I wanted the name, like I wanted the logo on my shirt, just like I wanted the college on my shirt. And I think that whether it's a sport or it's a job or it's a relationship like our culture is our culture doesn't really teach us how to have more of a perspective. It just emphasizes what we label ourselves as I'm a tennis player. I went to this school. I do this as a job. Rather than I'm a kind person, you know, I'm caring. I treat others well. And those are like the foundational aspects of being a successful human being. But it took a lot of trial and error and a lot of reaching a goal and not feeling fulfilled for me to finally realize that. You get to campus. You start life as an athlete. What happens physically mentally, emotionally, take us through that? Yeah. So perfect example of reaching a goal and not feeling fulfilled. I made it to my dream school. I had a very narrow perspective on where I wanted to go. I wanted to go ACC. I wanted that was essentially it. I barely even visited the campus. That was just like a signed ACC. I'm good. I got to campus and I still felt like I didn't belong there. And I felt like this longing to do more and to be better. And so my next goal was to play in the lineup. I needed to play in the lineup, right? I made it to my dream school. But not for a moment that I really soak that in. It was just like the next thing. What do I have to do next? To prove myself to who? And, you know, being in an environment where you don't feel like you belong, you might not feel like you're good enough. I would step on the court every day and I just could barely hit a ball. And so now I'm at this ACC school. It's a lead and I'm with incredible players. And I'm in this incredible program and I can't hit a ball. By the way, that's called self-doubt when you show up to something and you don't believe in yourself. And so then you can't perform. And so I spiraled. I spiraled mentally first. I just felt that when you don't feel like you belong and you don't feel like you're good enough and you don't feel accepted. Which is like, by the way, all of just what humans want to feel, all of those three things. You're going to feel really alone. You're going to feel really lost. And that spotlight effect is going to height be heightened. You're going to feel like you're the only one. And so that's how I felt. I spiraled mentally and then that also took a toll physically. I developed a pretty severe eating disorder which happens in also an environment where you feel like you can't control a lot. I could control what I put into my body. And, and yeah, I mean, I think that spiral led to a place of just not knowing at all who I was anymore. If the only thing that I could define myself by was a tennis player, now I didn't even feel like that. It's an isolating effect that I don't think everybody truly understands because I think from the outside looking in, you look at a collegiate athlete and they're like, oh, the jocks from high school have now just elevated and they're now part of a different team and now they have, you know, X, 10 fold what they had before in high school, right? It's very isolating. You're now competing with a group of individuals who are at the same level that you were. They just plucked the number ones from each of these schools and now put them into a group of one another and now they have to compete against the best from Jersey and New York and South Carolina and XYZ across the country, right? That's what, that's what, I mean, from a division one perspective from my experience. That's what you're met with as a freshman. It's intimidating. I couldn't lift the bar when I got to my weight room and I have people next to me girls next to me who are Benchie and 185 and I could have Benchie and 85 pound bar. It's intimidating. It's isolating. The fact that you yourself experiencing, you know, blockers with eating and developing and eating disorder, that's a whole different component that I think a lot of people don't realize as well. When I was a freshman, when we were getting our BMI and our body fat taken for us, we were getting skin-fold test taken as a freshman and I in my life had never even been through that process and I didn't know what it was and being told that it's bad, right? And I don't even know what any of that means in relevant to numbers. So you're going through this extreme transition and you're all alone, you know, no longer with your family, your friends from high school, etc. And now you have all these expectations. I'm only to perform on a core on a field, etc. Now your body's being poked at. You're telling that you need to run this fast and lift this amount away, etc. So all that to saying a very long one would say it's a huge transition. And I've had, I had teammates who dropped out in the first day. I had teammates who dropped down the first month. I had people who who transferred schools hoping to get a different experience elsewhere. People don't really understand that turmoil that occurs at the collegiate level and this is D1, D2, D3, it happens at every level. Tell us what happened with yourself and your own situation and where you went from there after experiencing that. Yeah, it's interesting because you said that so well, like your experience is, or yeah, your experience in what you saw of your teammates and that the whole collegiate athletic experience, especially as a female, is when I thought I was alone in it, but now 10-ish years later, I'm like, oh my gosh, so many people have dealt with this. And I just remember being like in the locker room and getting new gear so that there's this kind of ironic scenario all I wanted in high school was to wear the gear, right? Yeah. And now we're getting the gear and I'm like, I hope I fit into these small shorts because I don't want to tell coach that I need a medium. Like, and I, you know, I think that again, this isn't talked about enough and there's so much nuance and complexity to what happens when you are not taught the tools to self-regulate and have like a bigger perspective. I was talking to somebody about this recently and and I was telling a similar story and they knew me at that time in my life and there was a lot of other stuff going on, right? My teammates weren't that supportive. My coach was an awesome. Like, I sort of was a part of a program that was high level, but the internal workings of it didn't make for a very supportive environment. And so the person I was talking to was like, you're putting a lot of this on yourself when you were affected by a lot of other people's actions. And when I was 16, I definitely played the victim, right? Like my mental physical emotional spiral is because of my teammates and how they're treating me. It's because of my coach and not playing me in the lineup. But at this point in my life, I look at all of that and I take ownership for the fact that, you know, that's, that's not something that I can control. I can't control my teammates' actions or behaviors or my coach or anything else going on. All I can control is how I show up and the energy that I bring. And so I think that, you know, that was a lesson that took me 10 years to learn. And if you were to tell me that at 16, hey, you can't control any of this other BS, like all you can control is your energy. It would have just gone over my head. I wasn't able to grasp it until I went through all of the really hard stuff. And so I went through all of the really hard stuff up until I had a complete mental breakdown one day sophomore year. And I remember the day I was sitting on this bench and I was talking to a teammate and I just started like hyperventilating and that's never happened to me. And I don't even remember how I got from that bench to my coach's office, but somebody called him and said I was having panic attack. And so at that point my coach drove me halfway from North Carolina to Virginia where my parents drove down from Baltimore to pick me up. Middle of the school day. And I didn't realize that I was never going to go back to that school or that program and I didn't realize that I was never going to pick up a racket again but in that moment I just needed to get out. It was now looking back like the most transformative experience. I took the rest of that year off and figured out who I was without a racket in my hand, which was a journey and continued to be a journey in the years falling. But I think you know to answer your question of what happened is I went through the hard thing and I completely broke like I hit my rock bottom at 16 and then I started learning how to climb from there. You let us into a really great transition for the next piece of this section is talking about the identity crisis that occurs during that transition period between a elite collegiate athlete to everyday life and you're obviously ended sooner than you anticipated. How do you cope without the sports specific attachment? What tools did you equip yourself with during this transition period? Now you were going through it you said sophomore year so you were even a bit younger than what most people usually it's that 21-22 mark where we start to see people having to deal with that. How did you do it? What tools did you use to get through that piece? Yeah so for context at this point I was a complete shell of myself. I was 589, maybe 115 pounds so I was like skin and bones and I remember being home and Baltimore and being so severely depressed that the only thing I wanted to do was lie on my deck and like in wrapped up and clothing and like 70 degree weather because I was freezing all the time and I just wanted to lie there and I cried a lot and you know I talk about this process in particular because I think it's adjacent to like the withdrawal process right when you're so when you're so used to having something that starts to define you and all of the sudden it's ripped away from you like Velcro like that trance that what's the word I'm looking for that you know transformation is not going to transition. Excuse me is going to be aggressive. It doesn't have to be that way. Some people graduate college and they finish their sport the kind of a tough time but it's not like aggressive transition um so so mine was aggressive but I do think that the lesson whether no matter what that transition looks like for you the lesson is so invaluable because something later on will happen in your life where you will feel like your identity is wrapped up in it. It could be a job. It could be a friendship a relationship those are three things that I say a lot because later in my life that is what I found to have my identity wrapped up in and and I think that you have to start to do the mental work to figure out what else defines you besides a sport job or relationship and it has to be about other people it has to be at the core something self-transition about how you treat other people. And this goes back to your sentiment in the beginning that episode boxing yourself in right you are limiting yourself limiting yourself from becoming you know the person that you are more than capable of becoming by only defining yourself as one specific thing and it's unfortunate that we see this specifically in this conversation with college athletes right because typically I mean that my goal starting at 12 years old similar to you the goal was D1 that was the goal in my household and that was not I was an only child that was not coming from my parents that was not coming from a coach that was entirely for me I would deny going to the movies so I could sit there and and hit a ball off a tee for three hours instead of going in the movie as I became just so overly obsessed with this sport and sitting there in my room watching YouTube videos of Nike inspirational videos and that was it it was just a one-lane. I had other things I had other hobbies I had friends but this would always come first and then I same thing I stepped on campus and my world was rocked and same thing when I stepped off of campus my world was also rocked and it wasn't until the years after I would then dive so head deep into becoming the best in corporate or the best in whatever it was that I was pursuing it took about five years after college to start to realize weight I am not one thing I am all of these different things I have all these different talents I have all these different avenues of which I can you know quote unquote define myself with you know I think for me anyway my light bulb moment was when I realized that I was still me my body was still mine and I can choose what to create with that very simple knowledge. I can become the best athlete I've ever been without being part of a traditional team without being a collegiate athlete practices became the gym it became the track the long run yoga my routine how important isn't for everyone to think of themselves as athletes to show themselves the same kind of love that collegiate athletes are elite athletes even professional athletes to go that far to mimic the routine they do by moving intentionally eating clean practicing mindfulness and prioritizing sleep why should everybody treat themselves like an athlete yeah I will try and keep this as clear as possible because I think it's really really important and I I'm going to answer this question with like three bullet points the first one is that in my experience as an athlete in my experience working with very elite at high level athletes who are successful in their craft you have to like just know in your soul the fact that your body and your mind are not two separate things they are the same and you have to treat your entire system as so so when I was growing up I pretty much pushed my mind to the side tried to get it to shut up and just wanted to get out there and hit balls like you I would sacrifice everything I would it I like to do in my free time I don't know play tennis like the there was no mental emotional muscle building it was all physical so you have to be able to understand that like your body is going to tell you some things that your thoughts won't and your mind is also going it's it's extremely powerful so it's going to be able to control your body in a very powerful way so that's the first bullet point the second one is that I think high level athletes do this very well and I encourage everybody to think about this in their daily life is where you are putting your energy our energy is our most valuable currency it is the most valuable thing we have that we can control and what we give our energy to is like what we give our life to and when you start to really understand what that means you start to see where in your life you're giving energy to things that maybe aren't serving you and so I think that elite athletes are really careful with where they're putting their energy nothing moves without energy right so you're in control of it but you have to direct your attention and your awareness in a way where you're you're expanding that energy to get something valuable back and then the third thing I would say sort of what I touched on in your last question which is just having a purpose that goes beyond yourself so I think as athletes especially tennis players we are very selfish I when I was growing up it was my schedule it was my tournaments it was what I wanted you know where I needed to be on the weekends do I have my towel and my water and my shoes and my rackets like it was so selfish and self-centered and the most elite athletes that I have worked with and that I've observed have this purpose that goes beyond themselves and if they didn't have it earlier in their career then maybe they developed later in their career and you can see that transition that change like if you agacies a great example earlier in his career a little bit of a head case you know all he wanted to be was number one in the world and then it gets to that spot and it's not fulfilling him and so later in his career he starts giving a lot of his earnings and his money away to charities that he cares about and getting involved and you see not only his performance but his personality elevate and so that last point is something that I encourage everybody whether you think of yourself as an athlete or not you should always be asking yourself what am I doing that is going beyond myself. I love it you know and I think I think people who follow a routine like this and take these things seriously whether they are novice athlete a marathon runner a weekend warrior whatever label you want to put on it I think we throw too much shade at those people because I think we need to reverse the narrative of what we consider normal I think we need to stop looking at blowing through $100 and getting drunk in a bar every weekend as normal and I think we need to start normalizing people really prioritizing their health and wellness I think we've started to see that shift specifically in the last couple of years I'm fine with the people doing their ice baths and the people who are putting sonas in their backyard I will not hear me throwing shade at any of those people I think we need to do a little less of that just kind of get people on the same narrative of what longevity can look like and make that the norm. I want to transition into topic number two what are we running from breaking down the mental health of athletes and are we running from our fears or towards our dreams can be both are we overtraining because it's a central part of our healing process or are we using as a crutch to avoid dealing with it at all I can confidently say I've certainly done both separately together at various points in my life what about you? Yeah I think my one word answer is both and then I'll go into that and say that I'm the same I at one point in my life at some points in my life still I find myself using now I run as you mentioned and I use that as something to run away from something else in my life and sometimes I have a relationship with running that I'm definitely using it as like a catalyst to push me forward towards something bigger than myself. I think that when it comes to overtraining in any sport the the pain pleasure areas in our brain overlap and so something that can start to be give you pleasure like running can take you out of your head can give you that like hi when overdoing it can become something detrimental. I I say this to my athletes now and I and I say it because I can empathize so much with being in a state where it's the it's the thing that I'm using to run away from right but my my question is is there something else in your life that is giving you pleasure besides running I can't remember who said it but I think yeah I can't remember who said it but somebody said that addiction is the progressive narrowing of something I give you pleasure. So with myself growing up there was nothing else in my life that I felt you know fulfilled with besides tennis and the outcome in the result and I notice now you know the run culture is booming which is amazing there are so many people getting into the sport which is so beautiful and at the same time that pain pleasure sort of overlap relationship can that line can start to teeter and I think that as long as you are doing something that makes you happy you're always going to be walking a continuum of doing maybe too much of it at certain points in your life and it's really important to just be mindful and check back in and ask yourself do I feel like I need to do this right now am I stressed so I need to go for a run or else I'll be more stressed or do I just like it is there something else that could be an outlet and if there is nothing if you can't think of anything you don't have to tell anybody but you should be honest with yourself and start to figure out other things that act as an outlet. Yeah I don't think it's something you necessarily ever master I think it's something you have to hold yourself accountable to and learn what those signals are and listen to the check engine lights right on your body I think I've gone a lot better at that in recent years too. I mean for me COVID is the perfect example I went out and did COVID happen gym shut down I said okay I still can run I went out and did 350 mile months in a row total close to 500 miles fractured both of my feet stress fractures right I all the serotonin from every other out in my life had been depleted had been taken away I think I had writing and I had running and I wasn't feeling too inspired to write at the time so I was like let's lay self and get outside and just slam our feet against some pavement for a couple hours each day and that's a perfect example right and I knew at the time but the mental grip and that's the mental grip that that time in history had on me there was just nothing that was going to stop me in order to cope with what was happening in the world um now I think there are a lot of learning lessons that could be taking out of that and you listen to signs of your body you know you can you can understand what that check engine light means for you whether that's being under recovered whether that's being the brink of becoming injured your the more experience you become as an athlete and the more you check in with yourself and understand what your body's telling you the more you'll kind of avoid these you know for lack of a better term you know disaster situations obviously now now the running's taken away now we have nothing so we don't want to get to that point you know and you hit on a little bit before in addiction exercise movement working at working out whatever you call it it can be an addiction essentially anything you're doing excessively to the point that it's causing an intense urge it's dictating your schedule and your life it can be classified as an addiction and oftentimes we don't recognize something as inherently you know quote unquote good as exercise as an addiction but what's the danger and I think we just touched on it and not recognizing that you are in fact addicted to working out and one of the repercussions of the all gas no break mentality injuries one of those but what else is on the list yeah so again it's this it's addiction is this progressive narrowing of something that gives you pleasure and if it if it comes down to just one thing in your life then you need to sit down for a second and really look at yourself um or else you don't look at yourself and you keep moving in a direction that is going to lead it to some sort of you know destruction um self destruction honestly um and I think that uh you know to combat anything in our life that we are addicted to it could be exercise it could be sugar it could be you know something more serious right um the most understated tool and weapon that we have is mindfulness and so when I say sit down and look at yourself I literally mean sit down stay still and look at yourself and and if you first of all you have to want to get over it right you have to want to know that maybe this thing isn't making me feel good anymore and I want to move past this or I want to sort of use it in a different way so that's number one number two is to sit down and self reflect and to ask yourself like why you are using it the way you're using it right why am I using running as a way to escape what am I escaping from and then take a look at that thing and figure out how else to address that in your life um I think there's a lot of power in the pause and I think that when you know we especially in New York City my gosh we live in this culture of constantly moving from one thing to the next and again the run culture has evolved so much since COVID especially and I'm noticing people who are just starting to run and they're doing 60, 70 mile weeks and they're coming to me saying Coach KST why does my ankle hurt and I'm like all right there's layers to this so first of all how many miles are you doing why are you doing that many miles what else is going on in your life like are you sleeping are you eating right so there are like all of these other factors that you know when you can just take a pause that pause will give you this better you know idea of where you should go next but if we just keep ramming through our feelings and not really looking at them we're going to continue going down that road that in the end is not serving us power in the pause I think you just named today's episode I love that um I've learned my biggest lessons during injury during the downtime of injuries it allows you to do that self work it also like you said provides you with that check-in of why do I feel so terrible all of a sudden because I can't run because I can't go to the gym etc I should I should feel sad about this thing happening right and then I can't do the thing um that stability releases those feel good chemicals in my brain but I shouldn't feel this sad and I want to talk about the mental impact of injury and the toll that it takes on anyone this is not not just athletes this is anyone you know your general gym go or to your elite runners um speak about your navigation of injuries and know the two of us can probably sit here and share war stories for hours at this point but talk about how you typically navigate yourself through an injury and one of those were pretty recent yeah well first of all injuries are so tough like like I don't want to sit here and pretend to just be like if you have an injury like think positively like and absolutely not injuries are so tough in depending on the context of your life and where you're at they could mean a lot because they could completely disrupt a routine they could completely throw a stake in your identity and who who you think you know what you think that's kind of defined by and also feeling pain is hard like the sensation of pain in your back in your knee it's it's it's real right that's another thing sometimes I hear I won't get in the nitty gritty of this but you know the pain is in your head I've got that growing up with my shoulder because we couldn't figure out what was going on with my shoulder there was no there were some microtairs but all overhead athletes had the same sort of thing and it shouldn't be this bad and it's in your head like you know this pain is not in my head like I want to be out there but I'm feeling something that's holding me back so I I say I start with that because injuries are hard now at the same time pain is a message in your body that something needs to change and that could be physical pain emotional pain mental pain spiritual pain right like something that you are doing is putting you down a path that you need to detour from. Growing up again this is another one of those lessons where you don't learn it until you go through the really hard thing and you make all the mistakes and you approach it in the completely wrong way and you push through and you don't learn it until usually you do that right and so all I can sit here and do is encourage people to really understand that pain is a message in your body that's something needs to change it's not the end of the world it's not career ending it's not going to disrupt your you know entire identity but maybe you need to sort of cut the volume for a little bit maybe you need to understand that you know your hips aren't working right and this is affecting the way that your feet are landing under your hips when you run and when we can take a look and we can when we can approach injury in a way that is like what is this saying to me and how can I get more out of this rather than one of my losing from this you know what am I missing out on the scarcity mindset if we can approach injury in a way that it's actually going to give us something if we listen to it it's completely life-changing and I know you know as well that when you deal with injuries and when you overcome injuries you're almost always stronger on the other side yeah and for me you know I'm not exactly happy go lucky but I think after you experience it and enough times you have to develop that mindset otherwise you're just going to crumble you know for me I think the biggest ones that I can speak to I've had I had three hip surgeries so while I was in college and at the time that was kind of my breaking point that was my my world is completely ending this is over I didn't accomplish what I came here to do and this is where I am now and I fell into a very very dark place and and state of depression during that period at the same time I came out of that with so much knowledge about the importance of glute strength you know importance of course strength all these things that I weren't was not doing prior to these injuries that then made me a better athlete I got a out of college I would have a stress fracture here there I would tear this in here there every single injury I'm not going to put on the list made me stronger and made me a better athlete and now here I am today capable of things that I wasn't capable of 10 years ago and it's all it's because of these skills that I was able to collect through each of these surgeries I think it's a great way to look at it I think it's easier said then done because the two of us sitting here have had a lot of experience in this department and somebody could be listening to this who maybe they have a strain lower back and this is their first time dealing with it and I like yeah right well you know that's I can't get there you can get there you just kind of have to work with professionals and kind of you know power through the mindset of of getting yourself into an even better position than you were prior to this happening because now you have that opportunity like you said you pressed pause and it may not been pause that you necessarily asked for but we can harness that for the better um I want to talk about breath work um you yourself have ventured into the breath work work world tongue twister um specifically over the last couple years and it's so important you've become a breath work in breath training coach can you walk us through the intentions at play one incorporating breath work how it can help ease the tension of missing workouts due to injury and create space in your mind for that acceptance and peace we're talking about yeah definitely so just to start like a couple years ago if you were to tell me that I would be so passionate about breath work I would have been like you're crazy I roll I mega I roll like cafe de lulule reservation for one like I would have just been like okay no throw me in an iron man like so I want to start with that because when I talk about breath work now I am speaking to the people out there who are like me I'm really trying to communicate with them I was very close off and I will call myself ignorant to the way in which it completely transforms you as a as a human being in both brain body performance all of it I got hooked on it from a performance lens of course if if I think something's gonna make me a better runner I'm like okay I mean I'm in so I took a class with a wonderful coach I've never taken before and he was also a coach right so there are some breath work practitioners out there that and I had taken classes before and it was it was a little bit like woo woo for me and I was resistant to it and the way that this guy spoke was so logical but also supportive and also motivating it was actually a breath work and an ice bath class and we did the breath work portion I ended up holding my breath for the first time in my life for like two and a half minutes and that's when I was like wow this could help me be a better runner and then we went into the ice bath and I wouldn't put my shoulders in this guy was like sternly but supportively he was like put your shoulders in like so there was no like only if you want to it was like do it it's gonna help you so I got hooked he really inspired me and essentially how I explain breath work is how I explain explain the benefits of breath work is that we all have this voice in our head that is loud and depending on our journey to get to where we are that voice could be saying you know you're not good enough to be where you are I've always struggled with this which is ironic because I feel like I've been pretty successful in my career but I still walk into a room in that voice will be like you don't belong here you're not good enough a walk up to the starting line and not once in my career as an athlete have I walked up to a starting line or or walked up to a match and fully believed that I could do it like that I could win that voice would always be like you can't and so what breath work does is instead of quieting your thoughts it taps into your system on a physiological level right so you're by by breathing in and out in a rhythmic way and cadence maybe that you don't usually do in your normal life you were literally shifting around your blood chemistry and in turn that's gonna affect your brain and then before you know it that voice is quieter and it's not because you told it to be quiet it's because you're practicing your breathing and your mind is listening to your body and so I it's the the benefits and the value are infinite whether it relates to emotional regulation stress relief or performance and how I try and put language behind this is is first knowing who I'm talking to and what they need right so if I'm talking to somebody who wants to run a sub three marathon I'm gonna try and explain the benefits of breath work from a performance lens but if I'm talking to somebody who maybe has like really bad headaches and it's stressed all the time I'm gonna start to just bring them back to this like breath awareness so that we can start to manage stress better breath has the power to slow things down too right you just touched a little bit on it for anxiety how can we leverage breath work and in more of an immediate state of I'm on the I'm on the bring of having to panic attack I'm super nervous about this presentation I'm about to give I don't feel safe in this environment of where I am right now what's your recommendation in terms of breath work in those situations yeah so so many different types of breath work there's long there's just like training you know I mean you can do something that's gonna you can pop an adville and that's gonna relieve pain in the short term and then you can do all your mobility work and that's gonna relieve pain you know for and in per longevity so when it comes to breath work it works the same way in those moments the first thing that I would say is I touched on this a little bit but breath awareness is the number one lowest hanging fruit that everybody can be conscious of and then use so what I mean by that is that you and I are sitting here now that I'm aware of it I'm I'm aware right that I'm I'm breathing up into my chest and my shoulders are sort of tense right they're sort of like elevated towards my ears and if I would really think about it the air is not sort of pushing and pulling through my belly and that is the wrong way to breathe when you're breathing thousands of times when you're taking a thousand breaths you know a day thousands so number one in those moments like even walking in here right I was a little nervous for this and I noticed all of that happening and so what you got to do is you got to again start from that physiological lens you can't just tell your brain don't be nervous about this pitch don't be nervous about this presentation it's not gonna work so come back to the physical uh physiological lens start with bringing that breath from your chest down into your belly and you will feel relief you won't feel like 100% relief but you will feel relief and then there are ways you know I would say they're like breath drills is a term I may coin in terms of immediate relief where you could you know the physiological size is one right it's a double inhale pause followed by a slow exhale that's one breath that'll give you some some ease and then there's something called a reset breath which is where you exhale all the air out and then you inhale through the nose you pause at the top you notice where you're holding tension you let it go and then you sigh you pause at the bottom until your brain tells you to breathe again and when your conscious of all of those steps it's gonna pull your thoughts away from what you're about to do and it's gonna just bring you back into this like more grounded state of mind again you will still feel nervous but it's just how you're using those nerves and how your you know making sure that you can enter into a room and and function how have you yourself harness the power of breath in your running in your strength work where does that come into play when you're moving your body again I'll start with the fact that I never paid attention to this growing up I got pretty far without paying attention to my breath I did but I there was there was a capacity that I wasn't fulfilling and I wish I wish I knew as as a 16 year old what I did now you listen to the you listen to joke that you listen to the brown all of these guys are doing this now it's such a hack you're when you can leverage your breath in terms of quieting down the alarm bells in your head right before big moments we have the alarm bell we feel nervous you can use your breath to sort of tell the limbic system which is the fear system in your brain to chill and to more tap into that prefrontal cortex which is going to allow you to just think clearly it's going to allow you to problem solve you know when you're mid race and you're at when you're in a marathon and you're at mile 16 and you're feeling fatigue start to see Ben what happens when you start to feel fatigue is you start to freak out about it oh I'm hitting a wall fatigue is uncomfortable right at least thoughts come flooding in but when you can interrupt that cycle and then you start to feel more tired it's a cycle and when you can interrupt that cycle with a breath you will literally disrupt sort of that spiral of thoughts and so whether you're going into a boardroom or whether you're at mile 16 and a marathon your breath is a tool to just take the remote control and your brain turn it down and stay calm great thanks for sharing those I want to hear more about the breath work drills maybe we'll create a couple shorter segments let's move on to topic three for today how do I start running so we're moving out of more of the mental talk we're talking about more physicality now running is hard the hardest thing about running is its demand for work required not only to get better but to simply maintain your current state of fitness so it's a constant grind you and I know this well you especially you have days where you feel like you can run forever others where you doubt yourself before you've been getting through that first mile that certainly happens to me a lot but when you get to the point where you're achieving flow state you'll never look back or seeing on my first question is how do we get more people running you said it yourself we're seeing more people running which is fantastic but how do we spread the word about how magical running can be if more people won give it a chance and too quite honestly pushed through that initial discomfort because I feel like that's a huge one totally I think that I'm a big proponent of leading by example right so I can talk and talk and talk about things and encourage people to do things but if you are running yourself and you're bringing energy into it and you're making it look as fun as it is that will attract people to the sport that will attract people to anything that you're doing is the energy that you bring into it now that's that's too fold in the way that if you want to start running and you're of the mindset running is hard I want to do it but it's hard which like or I get this a lot right we had to run as a punishment growing up so I want to run but it's just feels like a punishment and I'm like okay well we can start there but at some point this is what I touched on in the beginning the energy you bring to something is the most valuable thing that you can control so if you keep showing up to your runs in this mindset of don't really want to be here it feels like punishment but I'm here it's kind of constantly give you that back so at some point when when you decide like I really want to do this I accept that it's hard but I really want to do it you show up and you bring your energy and it's more about energy than time right so when you're first starting people are like looking at their watch and they're like looking at how long you know they went on a run for and I'm like yeah but how did you like show up in those 40 minutes and if you could show up better in 20 minutes then cut that run down to 20 minutes show up as your better self and you're going to get way more out of it so that's where I would start now more literally as a running coach what are your recommendations for someone out there looking to run their first mile their first 5k where do they even start? I would highly I'm not going to have any tech watch brands sponsor me after this statement but I would highly recommend running at first without a watch you are it is so easy to get a attach to data it is so easy to get attached to an outcome and I think about if you're just starting to run like you're starting a relationship like you don't want to start a relationship on this foundation where you don't trust yourself so to build trust with yourself and running you got to go in and so so take the watch off take all the numbers out of it set a timer on your phone for 20 minutes and get out there and run for time and that's how I would absolutely recommend everybody start. I totally agree I think we've fallen victim to the move rings and the PRs and the competition with one another I think I couldn't have said it better myself if you just remove the tech format just for a second especially as a beginner starting something new and just to take the time to analyze how your brain and body feel after that the runners high is real people love to laugh at that but it is real and you will feel it and that doesn't matter if you start in five minutes 15 minutes or 25 minutes you'll feel a difference in your body after. What do you know a five K. Right? Hey coach I want to win my first five K. I want to do the turkey trot this year right how do I even get started what kind of runs are we going on as a brand new runner no experience maybe they ran a mile in the past. Yeah again number one is I highly recommend that you're going for time on feet over distance so if the goal is a five K that is awesome and like you will do it but you're starting at a point of you know if you're really just starting to run maybe it's maybe it's five to eight minutes and again you're showing up in those five to eight minutes and you're you're showing up as you would for like a big meeting like you're showing up as you're best self because if you show up for those five to eight minutes dragging your feet and with this attitude of you know I want to do this thing but I don't want to be here like it's going to take a whole longer time to progress to 10 15 minutes and like feel good about it so tangibly time on feet over distance and then I would also try and figure out systems that you can put in place for yourself where you know you'll actually do it it's like the essence of being a human to say that we're going to do something and then we don't do it so whether you think of it as systems or you think of it as habits try and figure out ways in your life to make it easier for yourself to get out there and do it could be putting your stuff you know putting your shoes out overnight and sleeping in your run close it could be sometimes I actually do this I don't bring anything to work and I'm there in my run shoes and clothes and it forces me to run home from work and if for any reason I decide to not run home for work I'm just going home on the train in my run close I'm like oh gosh you know so so set systems in place to kind of keep yourself accountable in that way I love it so I'm about the power of cross training talk to us about why strength training will remain as your superpower through the journey of becoming and being a successful runner. Yeah so strength training is something that you know even before I became a coach I remember in college the gym is somewhere that I found peace because I could not hit a tennis ball because I had so much self doubt on the court and so the gym is somewhere where I excelled I really got along with my strength coach and I went in when I you know off hours right and so I think that first and foremost before we talk about the physical benefits being in the gym can be really really empowering with the right support and in the right environment and then the physical benefits of strength training for running are immense like I mean I won't go into a TED Talk here but if you're going to go out and put volume under your feet on the road that's going to translate to a lot of impact in your body and the only way besides progressively overloading the volume in your run program the the way to fast track your body being able to handle all that impact is to go into the gym and throw some heavier stuff around. You provide this stimulus that is controlled stress it's a controlled overload of stress and with the right controlled overload of stress plus the right recovery you will get stronger to handle more out on the road and I like to sort of steer clear from a lot of the science stuff and hopefully that you know keeping it in very simple English terms like that is relatable for people. How is our cadence going to vary? I think something we always get in from the audience is well you know how many times should I be strength training how many days a week should I be running well our answer is always it depends what are you training for what's your goal right you guys hate it but it's always going to say we're always going to say it depends. Let's give us an area though let's say someone's training for a half marathon right how often do we want to be in the gym and sharing that we're getting our strength work in and how are we dictating what we're doing right what's the difference between we have to have those off seasons right we have to give our body that break that's winter for a lot of us here in the north east you know what does a strength program for a runner look like in the off season versus you know peak resusing where we're doing a couple of runs we're doing the nine plus one we're doing all these things that are happening during the running season yeah so in the off well the it depends answer oh my gosh yeah what I'm quote off season yeah no no risk the the end up the it depends answer I have given so many times like in this way like it depends because I know that the shade I'm about to get is just like intense but yes if I'm going to speak sort of very generally here for somebody who maybe have be getting our intermediate runner running a half marathon if you are in your off season in terms of strength you want to work more towards like max to sub max strength right so so and ideally that's you know you start by laterally right your work your squat your work your deadlift your work your bench those main lifts and then you make sure that you have a very strong like unilateral base of strength as well but that off season is going to look heavier in the gym if you're doing less on the road then you can do more on the gym if you're doing more in the gym if you're doing more on the road do less in the gym so as you get closer to your race and as the mile start to increase right you're doing more on the road so now we want to keep the volume in the gym low you're still going to be getting stronger from that so we're looking at like a six rep range for lifts that are working you know lateral strength your working rotational strength as we rotate when we run but for the most part keeping it very simple and like not over doing it is just number one runners will over do it and runners will over do it everywhere because we're just gonna over do it over a two or a half and then lastly like as in this three part phase you know as you get really close to your race then I like to call it maintenance work so you're really honing in on your mobility you're making sure that you're staying springy and all your tendons and everything are like nice and healthy and bouncy but you are really being smart and keeping that volume to like a minimal amount as a runner when do you feel your best what are you doing when you're like my runs feel good I feel strong my head space feels good I feel like I'm giving myself enough rest what does that look like for you yeah I think that um it changes a lot for me um I mean I've been running for like seriously for like eight years now going from Iron Man to Marathon to like limbo and um so I think that and it's kind of context dependent on where I am in my life but generally speaking having a strong physical strength base is huge like I have PR a bunch of races adjacently to PR and lifts in a gym so it directly translates but even more so I would say that the if I can really hone in on the other pillars in my life sleep nutrition and stress if I can really get my sleep right if I can kind of lock in my nutrition doesn't have to be crazy strict but like just make sure I'm feeling enough you know and then mainly for me is is stress if I can really mitigate or you stress in a more productive way then I feel my best when I'm running and if one of those things is sort of out of whack I'm gonna feel it I think stress is something we don't talk often enough about and I feel the same exact thing if I'm having a stressful week at work if something within family life or personal life is stressing me out more than usual and I try to go out there for that run one my head may not be in it or it could be could be that polarized effect in in terms of what we were speaking too earlier my body will feel it though my heart rate will be higher I will feel inflamed my breath will be more rapid so I think if you're not feeling your best Christina just named all them right it's about what maybe are we over training look at that first what does my program look like am I sleeping enough because I know a lot of you out there are not well how are we feeling are you feeling enough because under feeling is becoming a huge topic I think we show a bit too much with strength and not enough grace especially if you're someone who is very active on a weekly basis and the number four stress and that's number four just because it's listed number four is not last if anything that one needs to work it's way a lot higher on your list and you know I think there have been a couple of situations that we've said in this episode both of us using exercise as stress relief and thousands if not millions I'm sure it is millions of you do the same well imagine how much better you would feel if you went into the gym any if you went out to that run if you had less stress in your life less stress in that day that you just experienced so I think that's super important thanks for hitting on it top egg number four for today we're going to wrap up for this one this is due for discomfort the importance of doing hard things I myself I like to challenge myself to extremely hard and extremely hard event once a year I take part in other races events I travel throughout the calendar year but once a year I really try to kind of go to war for lack of better term on something I've never done I call this being due for discomfort so that can be a half iron man having worked my way up to that full just yet hundred mile bike race a cold-plund cab maybe it's an unexpected injury like I'm experiencing right now this is something new for me and it's very hard so that's my hard thing for the year you know maybe it's writing a book you know recognizing that your due for discomfort is how you evolve as a human being in you Christina you love to link neurological studies and practices into the work that you bring to clients the tonal community your social content can you walk us through the importance on a neurological level of choosing to do hard things in life yeah yeah so I think that you know I hear the word resilience a lot it's a buzzword and everybody wants to be resilient that's that's sort of like why we throw ourselves into hard races and hard situations but sometimes people come into like come to face adversity in their life and want resilience and wonder what like where it is and and I start with this because everybody wants resilience but resiliency is built only by doing hard things and so there are going to be like mountains that we climb in life and there are going to be challenges and if we can put ourselves in these scenarios where we are practicing doing hard things willingly it will build our capacity to handle those real mountains and those real adversities when you're in a rehab setting right when you're injured to rehab that injury you are applying a minimal dose of controlled stress to that body part to that joint and with enough of that controlled stress and recovery over time that muscle will get stronger probably stronger than it was when you came in and our brain works the same way so we have to apply minimal dose we're not overloading ourselves with stress that's a conversation we just touched on but a minimal dose of stress to our brain exposing ourselves to something that is challenging and just like our muscles get stronger the brain is also going to get stronger it is so infinitely trainable but you have to put yourself in hard situations in uncomfortable situations in order to grow that muscle. I think everybody has a different hard too right my hard is not your hard is not our engineers hard right it could be running their first marathon or it could be running their first mile to our point earlier today it could be lifting their their own body weight or lifting 200 pounds in the bar it's really hard is such a it's a hard means so many different things and I think the comparative narrative is a path that you want to lead yourself down I think social media has contributed to this a lot I think we love to scroll and see this person doing these races and this person losing x amount away and this person going to this place where you've been wanting to go for 10 years it's we have to stop and you have to just kind of meet yourself where you are right now and figure out the best path for to where you want to be and your heart is going to look it's also going to look different in various stages of your life you've noted on this too hard for me I can't even imagine doing what I do today 10 years ago and I'm sure I hope to be seeing that in 10 years from now too I hope to constantly evolve. I will say to that point start interrupt you know it that just sparked like a very important thought there are you know two years ago I was in a very very tough emotional place like similar to the rock bottom I hit when I was 16 and in that year I was supposed to race a half iron man world championships and my body was not ready for it my mind certainly was not ready for it I could have gone I could have done it I could have pushed through but my pain points mostly emotionally we're telling me that something needs to change and so having that that half iron man world championship was my dream for two years to make it into because you have to qualify it was my dream and I finally did it and the year I hit my second rock bottom I decided to pull out of it and that was my heart that was so hard for me to face it was so hard for me to accept it was so hard for me to think that I was enough without doing that race but I I look back on that time and I'm like wow I grew so much from that and so I just you know tell this anecdote because to your point everybody's hard is different it could be doing an ultra marathon or for some people it could just be like getting out of bed going outside and like grabbing a coffee that day and either one is a tremendous win and I could have agreed more and not doing something is as part of it too not doing that race not staying in that relationship not you know continuing something that doesn't feel good to you mentally emotionally or physically anymore is just as hard as choosing to do something as well so I think that's a fantastic point point thanks for sharing last one Christina how do we meet ourselves with kindness and this kind of ties in perfectly to recognize and accept the fact that everyone has a different level of hard I just hit on this right but you know what is your process of deciding what kind of hard you need right now and choosing to challenge yourself because I think there are points in our life where we will fall a little more complacent and that's okay maybe you have emotional stressors that aren't allowing you where you want to be physically right now but how do you meet yourself with grace and kind of say okay I can press on the gas a little bit okay I'm ready to step on the brakes yeah grace is a huge word and then the second word that comes immediately to mind is compassion and I go back to like advice for a first time runner is you know show yourself compassion when you're doing something that feels challenging or you're not doing something and that feels challenging right show yourself compassion if you can't get to a workout you know we that tension that we feel comes from the fear center in our brain and so if we can you know apply a little bit of breathing and mindfulness and reflection that is all going to lead to more self compassion which in turn is going to lead to compassion for other people and so I mean that that is my biggest piece of advice compassion is it's grace but it's also patience and you're not allowing yourself a whole past for like everything you're not letting yourself become a couch potato but you are just be you are letting yourself be okay with wherever you are in that moment because I think that is when we feel the most resistance is when we feel like we should be somewhere else we should be doing that too we should be that is not self compassion that is going to lead to self destruction so compassion is my main word Christina thanks so much for stopping by today it's been so great to watch you on your journey the last couple years since we've known each other I'm excited to see where you go next tell the audience how they can fall along and the rest of your journey yeah so you can follow me on Instagram at Christina with a K under well let me say that again my name is spelled with a K so it's at Christina underscore centonari I you can find me on tonal you can find me in the Nike Running Community here in New York City I'm one of the coaches and yeah I'm not on any other social media so thanks for stopping by Christina thank you thanks for tuning in to another episode here at BodyBilling.com stay tuned for more stories along the way there