Hey, buddybuilding.com. What's up? It's your boy Terry Cruz. And I am sitting here with UFC Hall of Famer, Randy Kulture, and also with the living legend, Dolph Lungren, and we are here to promote and tell you about the biggest action movie of the summer. Come on to you August 17, 2012, in theaters. And we were also, you know, how we got ready and how we prepared for the biggest action movie on the summer. Just sequel, expendable, too. Here we go. Hey, I'm Dolph Lungren. I played Donna Jensen, who's a Swedish drunk, and he'll speak for the movie. And he managed to sort of become part of the team and his pictures, instead of being his off-beat character in the first movie. So, it's a lot of fun for me. Have the biggest knife with everybody I think, and I'm the creationist. Well, you know, I am Terry Cruz, and I play Hail Caesar, who's the weapon specialist in the group. In the group, all of us, we all have our own specialty, and with me, one of the unsung characters in the movie is my double-812.gun, which is one of the best guns that was ever created for an all of all time. I've ran into a tour at Lake Tolroad, an expandable steam, Tolroad is a kind of a college that you get. Miss Fit, Emily's a textbook, and I get it. And a lot of ways, these crazy guys are a family, so he kind of sticks up for the guys, and it pulls the unit together a lot. It's fit of those two, there's a lot different than the expendables one in that. Everybody knows, and it's waiting for what's coming. Everybody's waiting to see, you know, how much bigger and better, and the way it's different, is that it is bigger and better. We added Chuck Norris to the cast. We added Jean-Claude Van Dam, to the cast. We actually shot in Europe, and basically blew up Bulgaria in many, many ways. That country will never be the same. Well, you know, the last picture I was kind of the argument out, you know, the crazy squeeery, kind of ran off, I was with the good guys, with a bad guys, and this one I stuck with a group a lot more. So I got to know these two clowns, not just two friends. Well, you got to write them. I got to know these two guys, and very well, and, you know, I know, slide from other movies. You know, you have to kind of keep joking and keep the light, because the conditions are very harsh. I mean, you run some little town, little Bulgarians, you know, 30 degrees, and you're up to five, you know, and so I really enjoyed it, and we're out of the whole thing about expandables that you have guys who are who are actually proficient in something real. Not only actors pretending to be somebody that they've actually done things in real life, for real, and I think that's why the film is special, you know, and these are guys that men, other men, and we look up to in real life, not just on screen. That's becoming more unusual, you know, and movies, you know, I think that's why I'm really glad to be part of the film, really, you know, proud to be part of it. When you see the expendables to, it's one of those things when you see all your heroes, everything that everybody that you've ever believed in, when you watch the movie, all in one movie, the power that is just too incredible, it becomes more than just a flick. I think on August 17th, it's going to be literally like a mask where everybody to come and really see what this is all about, what you believe in your whole life, and what you always thought you would never see with all these names and faces together, and it actually happened. You know, but I was going to say, like, as far as training goes, what I learned and what you learn on movies, you should sort of simplify your regime and how to make it more efficient. You know, when you do four months on a picture of what we did, you become used to it, and it becomes part of your arsenal, you know, training. So anytime I go away now, say, like, to do another film or publicity, you kind of know how to simplify your workouts, so you can keep it efficient, right? Break it down into the bare bones, and yeah. You absolutely essentially have to get in. You know, how a lot of extra having a glimmer, or a workout partner's your things you're used to having. You've got to just break it down right down to the root of what you need to get done to maintain and stay in shape. No, I kept my training the same as where I would use to get in great shape for a fight. Obviously, it's a little bit for a little less intense, a little less sparring oriented, a little more striking conditioning oriented, going into the film. But making a movie is a crime, just like the training camp for a fight. It's a long process, long hours, long days, and so you've got to not only physically but mentally you've prepared for that, and definitely think that approaching it like a fighter, helping out a bunch. I'm usually in pretty good shape, so I didn't train much different, I knew I had to stand next to this guy over here. And this fool over here. So I have to go to Dr. Lomo, and also like, if you hit the bag, and you'll like sparring what you should do, you get kind of thin, you know, and why are you? But you know, in the film, you want to look at the Lomo musklers. So I think I probably, I was about 10 pounds every then I am now, what I did to film. Lomo showed us an arms, because that's what you see. When you wear them, you're kind of t-shirts, you're just stuff like that. So that's got to how my program cheers. Because we're all kind of a different schedule to different things. You can't rely on being free at the same time to work out together. So you have to kind of individualize your routines. You can bang it out. You have the time to bang it out, and not be reliant on somebody else to make sure that you're working out in. But I think the most important thing to remember is, you know, you're talking about a guy who's officially an emotionalized, you know, an X-Men film player, and you have to see champion for all actors now. You know what I mean? You're an actor. And the big thing is, who cares how big the guns are? If you can't act, if you can't amode, if you can't project that emotion, and people could identify with you on screen, you might as well just be in the background. You might as well be nothing. You can't really compare yourself to another person and do that kind of challenge, because your greatest enemy is yourself. It's the lines. It's getting your character being the best character you can be and knowing your place and this whole steam and script. It's not about the physical stuff. I think all three of us, who are the physical stuff is the part with time easy. That's an easy part. That's the fun part. That's the part that we get to play those action scenes and actually throw guys and shoot stuff. That's the part that makes you smile, but actually kind of finding a room to your character and tapping into your stream of experience to be able to, in some way, represent that guy and tell the truth. That's the more difficult part. That's the part that takes time and energy to develop. And also, when you talk about the long hours, we weren't near a gym, so we had to ask if the hotel would extend their hours for us and then God they did because we were all panicking at first like how we're going to get our workouts in. It's not like in the States where you have a 20-per-off place over here. It was very, very limited to slide himself with down and made their arrangements with the owner. And they extended the hours early and later. So whatever we needed, we were given it. I'm truly thankful for that. Actually, it was a really nice day. We got a great hotel. We did. It was a really nice hotel. It was more than adequate for everything you needed. When we invaded that hotel, we invaded that place. It changed the dynamic. I don't think it'll be the same because everybody saw how committed we were to the health and fitness. In Europe, it's almost given you thinking Europe that they're all European body building and the whole thing. But it's just not as big as it is in the States. It was a hard shoot plan. I got a lot. We're in Eastern Europe. And we literally, we had a chicken breast. We had our vegetables. But there was a lot of beef. Over there in Bulgaria, beef was not a big deal. So we kind of had to improvise a lot. Lots of protein. Culturally, the different food, Bulgaria. A little more, came into Greek food. All the vegetables were organic. There were brown right there. There was no crazy food to keep the markets. Like we're used to seeing. It was a little bit different. And I kind of like it is. It was a change of pace. It's been Italian food. They were bringing the pasta right in for Italy. It's fresh. It was too good. It was too good. There's a plan. Try to find them, kill them. There we go! Be sure to check out its Findables 2 when it hits theaters August 17. For more content like this. Make sure you check out Bodybuilding.com.