What's up guys, today we're going to be going over a full shoulder and tricep workout. I'm going to be going over some of the common mistakes you'll see in the roast split. So let's get after it. When it comes to an effective workout, today we're doing shoulders and triceps, you really want to prioritize your weaker underdevelop muscle groups first. A lot of guys when they start their shoulder workouts, they're starting with shoulder presses or overhead presses. Now I get it. The compound movements are going to require the use of more muscle groups. You're going to be able to lift a little bit heavier and have a little bit more mechanical tension. But here's the problem with overhead presses. When you're doing overhead press, your anterior delts are mostly engaged in neglecting your lateral and rear delts. If you really want to work on your underdeveloped muscle groups, for a lot of guys, it is those medial delts and the rear delts. So what we're actually going to do is we're going to flip our sequencing of the exercises. So we're actually going to start with rear delt cable flies. And then we're going to superset that with a lateral race. Here's what everybody gets wrong with the cross cable rear delt fly. They're squeezing their scapula together at the top of the movement. The rear delts are not involved in scapula retraction. Keep the shoulder blades relaxed. Squeezing them together would only be beneficial for targeting the rhomboid, but since the rear delts only insert on the humors and attach on the scapula, shoulder extension and abduction would be what targets the rear delts best. What I want you to do is protract those shoulders, pull apart. And this is where you're ending. Anything further, you're not really isolating the rear delts. You're just getting the rhomboids and maybe a little bit of the traps involved. We're going to drop the cables. You're going to perform four sets until technical failure. After your fourth set with little to no rest in between, you're going to perform a drop set, where you lighten the load anywhere from 10 to 30 percent and proceed again to technical failure. I also want you to notice that I am not using momentum and I am controlling the eccentric portion of the movement. Alright, so now we're going to be moving into an overhead press. The reason why I didn't want to start with an overhead press is because I think you're going to get a much greater stimulus to fatigue ratio during these after you've already pre-exhausted the lateral delts. Slow and controlled reps on the way down, keeping it as close to my face as I can. I'm coming all the way down to the top of my chest, near my clavicle. And then I'm going to hold there for a second and get a nice pause. Push straight up. Again, guys, the goal here is to work until technical failure through a full range of motion, especially the bottom portion of the movement. Oh, doing a lot. Yeah, that's how you work to failure. And no, see, I'm not using a lot of weight, but getting more of a hyper-trophic response stimulus in my muscles by lifting that way. Alright, so now we're going to move on to triceps. I like to do some variation of an overhead extension or a skull crusher. You're going to give the shoulders a little bit of a break because I plan on finishing off this workout with dips. So, let's give this a go. Hold it at the bottom post for a second. Come up. Notice how I'm keeping the bar belt back. So, I'll go in my head, keeping it tension on the tricep. For this particular exercise I am using a straight bar, you can use an easy crow bar or you can use dumbbells. Use whatever piece of equipment you need in order to connect with that movement and that muscle group better. I'm going to do my third and fourth set. I'm going to do two drops at the end, so I'll be doing an 8 to 10 reps with the heavier weight and then I'm going to drop and do anywhere from 15 to 20 reps with a lighter weight. Alright, so we're going to finish this workout off with dips. Now, if I'm fresh, I can probably do easily 20 to 30 dips. When you do them like this, I guarantee you're going to have a hard time doing 10. Here's how we're going to do this. Starting out at the top position, I'm going to slowly lower myself down, slow the control at the eccentric. And I'm going to get as deep as I can. Get a nice deep stretch on those triceps. Press up. You can make this more challenging by adding weights with either a weight belt or chains, or you can make this easier by using the assistance of resistance bands or using a variation of a dip machine. Okay. Oh man, I felt that in my spirit. I got to do two more of those. That's how you lift folks. That is how you work out. Comment below if you found these tips to be helpful. And as always, don't forget to like and share this video with a friend and enjoy the plump.