Now we're on the busy diet workout number two. We're going to go upstairs and hit the treadmill. We'll go 1 minute high intense and 1 minute low intense for 20 minutes. So as we're done with that, we'll come back downstairs and go right to the legs and act. We'll hit a circuit of squats, lunges, cab raises, regular crunches and then legs of a cross crunches. We'll rock that two sets through and then head back over to cardio again for five minutes low intense and five minute time intense. Then you'll come back over to the squat rack. There are two more sets of the legs and absurke and that'll be your Tuesday and Friday workout. So let's get started. It was up. Now we're going to our first exercise. I would use to do a low intense and a high intense interval. Meaning I'll do a one minute walk around 4.2 and then a one minute run. Starting around 8.5-9 and working all the way all the way up to 12.0 so I can basically barely stay on the treadmill. And that high intense workout really burns a lot of body fat. Let's go! Now we're all warmed up. Time to get to the workout. All right so the first exercise of the low-body workout is squats. The way that I do squats, I'm not going to go super heavy. I'd rather go a little bit deeper so I really hit some muscle fibers which helps spark the testosterone and GH in the body. So we'll take a medium stance, ride the bar kind of high on our back and just take a deep. So let's get it! Second leg exercise is lunges. Stationary lunges. We're going to do a step in the step back. Just go down and in. Make sure that your knee is at a right angle like this and that this knee touches the ground. So don't be slack in and try not to go down all the way but make sure this is at a right angle and your knees are fine. Just like so. Keep it posture on. Especially the other way. Same thing. Make sure you get the angles right. Third exercise is just good old standing cab raises. Like I said when I put this together I want to make sure that you can do it easily around your house or at the gym. So just find a ledge or you can use a couple plates at the gym whatever you want to do. Good down to you get a good stretch and then just up on your toes. So you want to do 30 to 50 reps. You can move your toes in or out too if you want. You can go this way. You can spread them wide. It doesn't matter. Whatever you want to do. If you do the toes out, you get a little bit more burn on the inside. You get a toes in. Get a little bit more of a burn on the outside. Then you can just switch the angles if you get bored. Just want to get a little different feel on them. Exercise 4 or 5 is crunches down here. So what we're going to do here is go 30 to 50 reps of a normal crunch like this and then 30 to 50 reps legs up across 90 degrees. Now I like to use a 10 pound plate. That's a little bit more resistance to me. You want to make sure that you just, you don't pull with your neck that you just raise up nice and easy. Get a good squeeze and right back down. Now when you go into the next exercise, you put your legs up at a 90 degree angle and you want to try to take your elbows to your knees. So it adds a lot more resistance. Alright that was the first set. Now it's time to get back up and do the second one. No rest. Now it's time to do my five minutes, low intense and five minutes high intense cardio and then back to two more sets. Now that's the end of our number two workout for the busy diet which is lower body that you're Tuesday and Friday workout. Make sure you check out all the information below for workout 1 and 2 and check out all the videos we are coming on the busy diet. If you have any questions hit me up on Twitter at MuscleFornPres, ERES and for all the information that you're interested in, make sure you check out BodyBlood.com and that's a wrap.