Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, what you doing? What's up, bodybuilding.com listeners, we're back for another episode of the B.B. Com podcast. And today we are joined by Dr. Dan Jordano. Dan is a doctor, physical therapy, certified strengthening addition in specialists and co-founder of bespoke treatments, a sport and orthopedic rehab clinic with locations in New York City, San Diego, and Seattle. Dan, we are excited to have you on the B.B. Com podcast. Today, I think we have a great combo prepared for all the listeners out there. Thank you for having me. I'm super pumped to talk to you and try to help the listeners out there and give some knowledge about the rehab industry. Yeah, before we get into it, I do have to say we have just signed bespoke to an annual partnership here at Bodybuilding.com. We'll be bringing all of our body fit users with preventative exercise care, movement prep, all the way to core recovery for postpartum parents. So look out for those programs releasing once per month for the rest of 2023 and you'll get to know a little bit everybody from the bespoke team across the country. Nice. Let's dive into it, Dan. So tell us a little bit about yourself. What prompted you to get into the sports medicine field? Take us back to day one where you start in and how do you get to where you are today? All right, so day one, okay. So my interest in physio came from an injury, right? So I was a promising high school athlete looking to play a division one sport level. Got injured in my senior year and it actually prevented me from playing football in college, right? So that actually led me to going through physio and really taking the physio into my own hands and really educating myself using the use of bodybuilding.com back then, which was wild, that it comes full circle. Another magazine is in such a sort of best-dressed conditioning. And then what happened when I got to college, I started, you know, a kind of I had that itch of Y-min, I'm playing a sport at that level. And I injured my shoulder and I made it a goal of mine that I'm going to walk onto a team. So then I wanted walking onto the wrestling team, which was wild because I didn't wrestle in high school. And then I walked on to division one wrestling team. So it was a very humbling experience because I didn't even know the rules, which is wild. I remember my first match was actually at a Brown University and I didn't know the score because I didn't know how to keep points. My coach was just like to yell on that, me telling me what to do. Just to make sure I didn't get pinned so for the team, right, for points. And it was a, it went to being a very humbling experience. But then I learned so much about rehab because I was kind of like at the end point in my rehab. And I really got to learn more about anatomy and from there I decided, you know, I'm going to go to grad school and get my doctor in physical therapy. And that's what really kind of pushed me forward to that. And then what's NYU, New York University got my doctorate there and started to work in physical therapy. Start to learn more about athletes, started working with medical teams, USA track and field, the World Championships, IFF, got me into some like CrossFit World Championships and then working with Nike Elite Basketball leagues. And that's when we started to spoke, right? So we started to spoke to try to basically improve the quality of care. So we saw a lot of problems with the industry. And then when we came together, we started to spoke, you know, at Bizpark. And now we've developed a great team. And we're really trying to just change that quality of care. So people actually know what physical therapy is and how it can be useful for anyone in the industry or anyone just training or health wise. So, you know, that's what the spoke is and now we're in three different cities. And we're really just trying to push it to the next level. So physical therapy has a whole improves. The spoke treatment is not your ordinary physio experience. Tell us how you differ from the traditional physical therapy experience, not only for sport patients, which for all patients who come through your doors. Yeah. So we work with everyone from everyday athletes to, you know, Olympic level athletes, pro athletes, CEOs, all different types of people. We're really just working with people that are trying to better themselves. So our treatments are what we say research driven and tech enabled. We use a lot of technology, which is very different from physio field, right? So we use a lot of technology because what we do is we start to gather data. And if we can gather data, we really get to learn about our patients. And from there, we can develop hypotheses, all right? So we can retest our hypotheses, change our hypotheses. And that in turn will allow the patient to get better faster. And one of the biggest things that we do is we work with the individual not just on the acute injuries, but also on longevity aspect of it, right? So if you come to us with an injury, we're going to help you get out of that pain, but then also look at you as the individual as the whole and see how we can help your performance. And that's great because we've been able to really help people prolong their healthy lifestyles and improve their performance, which as you know, if you improve your performance in the gym or in your body physiologically, you can help you everything from mental to your work. And we just see people improve. So we're really helping people. And that's been the best thing about what we do is we see people change and improve their overall quality of life, which is, I mean, it just makes us feel so great. And as a team, as a whole, we have an awesome team. Honestly, our team is great. And our team really comes together to help each other. So that's one of the biggest things that we do. And we all work together so that we all learn from each other, right? And if we all learn from each other, we can improve together and improve as a whole. Tell us a little bit about that testing. Tell us how you dictate which testing you're going to conduct for that patient. Is it every test of the sound that you do once they come in as a new patient? And tell us how this information not only helps you as their provider, tell us the value of information that gives someone as a patient to take home with them and apply to their daily health and wellness. Yeah. So in the medical field, basically, there's subjective testing. And then there's special tests that you do to diagnose injuries, right? And create prognoses. So we're diagnosing injuries using what we learned in school and using subject testing to see how patients feel to really understand how the patient feels from their side of it. But then what we do is a lot of objective testing, right? So our objective testing allows us to gather data like we said, these tests can consist of forced testing, metabolic testing or motion analysis. Everyone, when they come through a door, get some sort of motion analysis and forced testing so that we can really evaluate the entire body as a whole physiologically. And then if they want to improve on certain things like if they're in a door and to actively just someone who wants to work on their heart health, we'll put them through a metabolic test. And with those metabolic tests, we can get some information that can help apply to their training programs or to their rehab program. So we're really just gathering all sorts of information that is measurable, not just subjective objective data. And we pull it together then to create our hypothesis and then create the program from there to see how we can improve. And the best part about having objective data is that if things aren't working or, you know, they're only getting better to a point or the 90% better, we can go back to that data and then look at it again and see if we missed anything. And because we have that objective and measurable data, we can see where there's falls or fail-flail failures. And then we can change it and change the program to help them get the extra 10% or the last 10% of them raining in their rehab. Tell us how the level of the test that you're performing at your facility differ than maybe what people can get somewhere else, right? There's many different types of VO2 tests, for example, right? But tell us about the one that you do and how that may be different from maybe just your standard Bruce Protocol. So it kind of breakdown the differences of kind of what your generic forms of these tests are, but really how you guys get granular with what you're doing at this book. So for the VO2 and RMR, we'll go into that. But we use Pinoui. Pinoui is a gold standard VO2 max testing in RMR, so they'll take all the data and on the back end they'll evaluate that data and then send us a report and then we'll then break down the report with that individual to see where we see differences or our team and our experts, Cameron Yuin, leaves that and Sam Chan and what they do is they really break down everything and then work with the individual to find what they can improve on or what gathered that data that was collected and how it calculated and see where those issues, right? Also we work with evolved performance, evolved performances of four testing company and the same thing. So it's measured by Newton to the commedier amount of force that someone is producing and it could measure median force and peak force. So we can actually see, because a lot of the times when you're measuring just force like over two seconds, everyone looks good, right? But then there's a failure that occurs at four seconds. So if we can see these on grass, we can see what the failure is coming from or if it's an endurance failure or just a strength for a force production, right? We also use force plates to see when people are jumping, how they're jumping, if they're pushing off one side or another, that's also evolved. And then motion analysis, we work with a company called Kinotech. Kinotech uses a 3D visualization through a Microsoft Connect, I think it's called Cameron, and that uses motion analysis to then to see how the individual is moving, so it measures range of motion, but then it also gives us an avatar. And if we could see that avatar, we can slow down, move forward zoom in, and you could see where failures are actually occurring. So it's really cool technology. We're hoping that this technology would become more accepted in the medical field, so that the medical field becomes more objective and measurements so that we can actually see things rather than just subjectively, which the medical field has been for a hundred plus years. It's also objective data, so if we can use this and hopefully more people can start to adapt this and then we can improve the industry as a whole, as we start to grow too as well. Yeah, and someone doesn't necessarily have to come in with an injury to get this done, right? Someone could purely be curious where my imbalance is living, how can I perform as better as an athlete, despite whatever sport or modality that I'm chasing after? So tell people the importance of just kind of having this data, you know, injury aside, maybe you're not injured yet, but tell us how this information can apply to you, preventing injuries, or let's say, lowering the risk of injury for future cases. Yeah, absolutely, so it's very interesting. A lot of people actually don't come to us originally with an injury, so people find us because they have injuries or they've been injured in the past, and that's how they come to us, they find out that we do more than just tree injuries, right? And that recreates just an organic referral source where people start coming in and wanting to do testing and objective data, right? So when we do this testing, especially with, let's say, evolved, as you've all of this, an example, so the forced testing, human bodies are not symmetrical. We know that. There's a big argument about that. Everyone's like, oh, you're not symmetrical. Yeah, I understand. But if you're showing a 20% deficit from left to right, you know something's going on, right? And if you have that issue where you have a deficit on, let's use your glute, 20% deficit on your right side. Over a period of time, your left side is going to be overloaded, right? So then your right side can, you know, have an issue for this prolonged period, or your left side can be overloaded, and, you know, what's the cause of most injuries is overload or increase in volume, or increase in intensity, and that left side can create an injury, you know, after X amount of time. So let's use, I have actually someone, let's use someone for an example. So I have someone who just had a total need replacement. And years ago, he told me that my left side is just, you know, he was a high jumper in college, a division one, high jumper, and he's in his 50s, late 50s, he's like my right side has been beat up my entire life, my entire life, my entire life. And then we look at, you know, the data now for about a year ago, we started using force analysis data, and we see that there's a huge difference inside to side. Sure enough, like, you know, six, eight months go by and they look at his joint through imaging, and it's completely degenerated. And it just shows that that side has been compensating, and yes, that was a stronger side for his entire life, but most likely because he didn't compensating his entire life. So there's, you know, there's that up and down of symmetrical for say symmetrical, but really just gathering all this data to create hypothesis to help people. So preventively, we can see where fillings are and start to work on that so that it can hopefully reduce the risk of injury in the future, or help them prevent from getting the surgeries and really just work to rehab and, you know, avoid those surgeries, a good boy going out of the knife. So talk a little bit about VO2 testing. Right. What information can that give someone, how can they then go on to improve their heart health and their cardiovascular health after receiving a test like that? And why do we test VO2? What is that actually doing? Just educating people at home with this test is? So VO2 max measures the amount of oxygen you can consume during exercise and how efficiently you can actually use it. Right. So during the test, you go through stages of exercise where they we increase the intensity during exercise and we have that measurable data of how you're consuming an oxygen, how you're using efficiently. During that as well, we measure your heart rate. So when we get the calculations after and the data after, it shows you where you are with your heart rate, a certain peaks in your VO2 during the course of that exercise intensity. From that, the calculation shows us basically your RQ, which is, oh no, I'm sorry, I'm talking about RMR. So basically this happens is when you pull that data, it shows your level of your heart rate during different training zones. So you have five training zones, five heart rate training zones. Right. Zone 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. Zone 1 is like 50 to 60 percent of your heart rate. Zone 2 is 60 to 70, 70, 80, 80, 90 greater than 90. Right. And then it'll show us what your exact zones are. So for you, you let's say your zone 1, you want to work on fat burn. That would be your zone 1. So it'll tell you the exact goal, standard numbers of you need to be between this heart rate and this. So X and lot. Right. Zone 2, same thing, it gives you that nice breakdown of whether it's 110 to 120 heart rate, BPMs. It's showing you where you need to be for your enduring. So zone 2 would be in door, in certain reason cardio output. Zone 3 would be kind of that middle feature. So that middle man that would just have that VLT max increase. Zone 4, which is higher intensity is more at aerobic. So you can improve your anaerobic. And then zone 5 is max. So for zone 5, not a lot of people get to. It's more for power output at max and a lot of lead at level athletes get there because you're heart rate so high. So you're using that VLT max. You're seeing how you consume action, how you use it efficiently. And then giving you gold standard data of what heart rate zones you need to be into start working those different systems. So it's a great way for endurance athletes, aeroday athletes just to work on what they need to work on. So if you're like for me, for instance, I'm terrible at zone 2 training. I was a sprinter, you know, growing up, I played sports like football and wrestle the very high intensity for short periods of time. So I have a really hard time working that zone 2, sure enough I take my videos from max, and my zone 2 is terrible. So I need to do low intensity, cardio-applic work to improve my cardio-vascular system so that my cardio output improves and as a whole that's an athlete I improve. Because we don't do that, right? You don't really see exactly what numbers you need to be in using gold standard heart rate training data. Right, and just to show how vastly different two people can be, I mean, I've had my test done at bespoke as well. And as a triathlete, I was doing tons and tons of that zone 1, so into work, for me, I get 0, 0, 5. So for me, if I report, it was, you need to go get some zone 5 and your life and you need to start maxing out and getting to, you know, that 1, 9, 9, 1, 95, heart rate a little bit more. So it's really great just to see the differences and just to, you know, across the board, it isn't just as simple as looking at a chart and applying that to everybody. Everybody is different and testing can help establish where you need to be. Yeah, that's, and so I mentioned RQ, rest of the story, I can't say I can never say it, right? Quote and so it's basically your, that's from the RMR test, so the resting metabolic rate test, and the resting metabolic rate test is what you do when you're just sitting at rest. So it just sees how your body's working at rest. That's a great thing also to test where I'll be listeners out there. It really shows how efficiently you're working and really it measures your, you know, oxygen consumption versus your carbon dioxide output. And then it shows you what you're burning with your fat carbs or both. And then it shows you a number of way you should be certain what you should work on, so if you're consuming some of your carbon hydrogens versus fat, it'll give you some numbers on that. I think it's like 0.7 below fat greater than 1 is carbon, but in between is that 0.7 to 1. And as we're at rest, we usually use fat as a storage, but if you have someone who has some issues in your like diabetes or something, and you're consuming to make carbon hydrogens or burning that, it's a way that you can actually kind of manipulate or change the diet slightly to modify it, so it proves as a whole. So I always recommend doing RMR plus the VO2 together at once. That's probably the most interesting piece that I think came out of my test as well, especially for endurance athletes out there, you kind of kind of show you how often you need to fuel based off of what heart rate or what zone that you're living in, so for me, and it made total sense that camera and shout out to camera and at the spoke, I was burning through glucose at a very fast level. So to me, I'm under fueling almost for a lot of these, these races that I'm doing, which makes sense because I am hitting periods of kind of the they call it bonking, right? So for me, I need to make sure I'm keeping my glucose level because I burn through my glucose very quickly and I'm burning through my, excuse me, my carbs very quickly as well, whereas I'm not actually getting into that fat burning stage. So that's something I'm working on right now in the off season, just don't too fat burning to kind of manipulate my body so that when my next race comes up, I'm not ripping through my carbs and my glucose is quickly. Exactly, and then you'll save some energy for that race, so you'll improve as a whole. So if you just did that to change during your training, and when you get to that race, you'll be able to work more efficiently, right? So you'll save energy during your race, and that will, in theory, improve your race. Yeah, absolutely. Let's segue into types of injuries. Let's talk about, you know, most common injuries that you're seeing maybe in the sport of body-building versus the sport of running versus the sport of a hybrid cross-fit athlete who probably has a little bit of everything going on when they walk through your door. So let's break that down by sport and modality. So we'll start with five building, right? Most people that are weight lifters or looking for strong and competition, things like that, lifting very heavy, they usually comes with low back pain. That's like the number one thing that occurs, low back pain, knee tendonitis, or even just some strains and sprain. So running is a little different. Running will be more low-extremely injuries. We'll continue to even go to stress fractures, things like that are shin splints or Achilles problems or plants are fasciitis, right? And then that hybrid athlete that cross-fit athlete is kind of a combination of both, right? Because they're mechons and they're my ball condition days and things that they're doing. So it's a real mix of injuries. The weight lifter body building type athlete usually comes to us with some sort of pains or strains in the lower back and it's usually just because they're increasing volume or intensity too hard. That's kind of the same across all sports. Usually if you increase your volume, you're intensity or if you're running, increase your speed or your volume, the amount of mileage that you're doing just too fast, your body doesn't adapt properly. So you always have to give yourself time to adapt. So gradual increases always the way to go. And it's the same thing when you're lifting. If you're not warming up properly and you're just throwing the weight or like, oh, I can do a little more. I can do 50 pounds more. Maybe go for like a 20 pound increase for a certain amount increase and just gradually get your weight up to that because if you increase your loader, your volume too fast, you're kind of just not allowing your body to adapt and you're asking for trouble, which creates injury, right? So if you gradually increase whether you're a runner, a bodybuilder or a cross-ordatheat, you'll probably help yourself in a long term by not putting too much stress on your body, right? Your body's stressed enough when it works out. If you increase the stress levels too high, there's a strong probability that you're going to start to injure yourself. So just be careful and just gradually increases you get there. Talk about types of injury in terms of overuse injuries and things like soft tissue versus skeletal and kind of break those down for people at home who aren't familiar and also kind of how can someone at home dictate what's going on with their own body when they are experiencing pain? So what does the sharp pingo with was the dull pingo with that those type of breakdowns? Okay, so that's interesting. So there's the difference between being hurt and being injured, I always say, right? So let's say, let's say being hurt, okay? So if we start with being hurt per say, being hurt is not really being injured. Let's differentiate those two things. Being hurt could just be soreness, string the tissues or just kind of being super fatigued, right? Usually being hurt is not a heavy amount of pain. It's pain that goes away with some sort of self-care, whether that's icing, heating, stretching, using a foam roller or massage gun. If you can just use that and use some passive modalities that's out there these days and you feel better, you're probably just tired or fatigued and you need a little rest, right? Injured being injured is totally different. Being injured means there was some sort of injury to your soft tissue. So your soft tissue is damaged, okay? And if your soft tissue is damaged, per say, you have injuries that don't go away with self-care, okay? The pain also is usually very different. When you have an injury the pain could be very sharp or very intense, whereas when you're hurt it's just kind of like a dull or an ache that's occurring. If the pain sharp pains intense or it creates loss of range of motion, like your joint range of motion actually decreases, could be from inflammation or it could be some damage in the joint itself. But if you lose joint range of motion you'll lose functional ability to do daily activities, daily living or things that you normally do without any issue. If that is the case you have to seek help from medical professional because if you prolong this and you don't attack that injury right away, this can lead to more damage or damage that requires you to get different types of medical treatment. And like we say the worst thing could be some sort of surgery. So if you have a pain that's under four under three kind of tired fatigues, self-care usually helps, great, you just hurt, right? Take some rest, work on it. And by rest I don't mean completely shut down. We'll put that out there. Move. Moving is usually the best, right? Motion but pain free range of motion or low levels of pain range of motion. Get on the bike, walk to your thing. Don't just lay in bed. That's not been shown ever to help people. But if you're really having that sharp intense pain or shooting pain as our pains that are causing you to avoid or modify your daily activities then seek medical help because you want to make sure that you get that in the beginning of that acute phase before it turns into something else that's too intense. So it's fair to say, go for more of that low impact, low impact movement, you know, until you start to figure out what things are going on. But why is maintaining that blood flow so important for something to not totally shut it down? Well because blood carries oxygen, right? And if blood and oxygen come together it will help to tissue heal itself. So that's the main concept of, that's the main concept of physical therapy is like how do we get blood and oxygen back to its issue so the body starts to do a thing and heal itself. And that's that motion motion is lotion, right? So the more you move, the more you increase your circulation and the better you'll feel if you're just shutting down, that's not good because you're not moving one so you're decreasing circulation. You can cause pulling or inflammation to hit certain areas and then you're going to create more harm than good and it could lead to a ray of problem. So move, circulate, increase blood flow as much as you can. And that's why all these modalities that are out there, right? All these past modalities that we have access to now that you and I didn't have access to when we were college athletes, right? Our treat made, I should laugh. Our treat made, it was like, it's a world pool. We had a full life. I didn't have full molar. I had a PVC pipe at my university, right? So in that hurt and that was also a phone rolling shouldn't hurt put in that out there. Okay, itself massage would be easy on it. PVC pipe could be to intense for a lot of people. So we didn't have this stuff. And now there's modalities out there that are either passive but they're main concept of the majority of the modalities are chum crease blood flow. And if we can increase blood flow to the area, it's just going to speed up our recovery process. These aren't the things that are going to fully heal us but it'll help. So it's like a tool that can help us speed up the process so that we're not just sitting there and resting like bed rest that was recommended back in the day to everyone, not just you know centering individuals. This is recommended to athletes for a long period of time. So just get moving, offload a little bit. If you're like you know you can't have pain walking but you don't have pain on the bike use the bike, things like that. So just offload a bit, increase blood flow, rest, hydrate, eat well, sleep well. Those are the key factors a lot of people forget about all those other factors but you have to sleep as high-biter covers, you have to hydrate so your body gets you know more blood to the circulation to the tissues, your joints and you have to eat well because if you're eating poorly you're going to increase chronic information about it and then if you have too much of relationship about it, it's not going to adapt and not going to recover faster. So this all comes. This is all everything comes together so many external factors. Yeah so finding that middle ground between full stop, full rest and then the mindset of no pain, no gain. Yeah you get it. So school mentality and I think I think there is an industry shift happening now and I think to your point you know collegiate athletes are in a much much better spot than you've been five, ten years ago at this point. I mean they're getting access and you have been major schools now. They have nutritionists, they have you know dedicated strength and conditioning coaches, they have the resources that a lot of you know athletes prior to not. So it's great to see that shift and it's also just great to see that shift in the general health and wellness industry now you know people using to hot and cold therapy more people doing you know at home massage whether that's with a gun or even the self-myel facial release things of that nature. He said something indiscene that we might have to go into the foam roll and so why foam roll like why should foam roll not hurt what area should you avoid when you're foam rolling? How can we foam roll with you know other tools not just the roller itself but peanuts and balls and the intensity of the ball so you can use dope could dive into that a little bit and break it down by the areas of the body. So foam rolling is just a form of self-myel fascial release. Do we need more research on it 100% but it is in massage right so the main concept of it is to increase blood flow to the area and to try to relax tissue itself. You don't want to hurt yourself okay so with anything just like getting a really tough massage if you if the mesus goes too hard on you you're bruising your tissues so you're slowing down the recovery process right so a lot of people are like oh you know like I put more body weight on the area and hurt so good and that would be a little easy on that right offload your body weight because you wanted to just be a massage to be what it's used for to increase blood flow to the area and decrease some tension to modulate pain right and that will then allow you to get into your rehab or you're exercising you do this strength in the tissue long term with the foam roller per se a lot of people ask me about vibration do we know what it's exactly doing no you're talking about let's say massage guns right well I'm actually talking about vibrancy foam roller yeah so everyone's like talking about vibrancy one and we don't know you know I use the vibrancy one we actually did a study at bespoke using our biometric device via and we use the ferro body foam roller which is called the wave which I love it's a great foam roller and we did a you know a quick study of 20 people so it's not really you know it's a great study but we're using a case study 20 people and we checked to see if it helped improve our sleep thinking it would right so because of mesages the area relaxation well didn't improve our sleep did the complete opposite and we think talking to the team over timmar verse over at their body is that possibly was due to the vibration or the change of movement in your body positioning and so we don't really know right we do know that it increases most likely increases blood flow and acts as self massage so if you have some soft tissue restrictions or you're feeling tight in certain areas it's a good tool to use like using massage gun as well right so to self massage the area to decrease some tissue restrictions improve blood flow relax the tissue most likely with certain things or with the vibrating one in case it did the opposite it actually oddly enough so we tested reactive strength index so the way we jump and didn't get time on the floor and how we act and when we use the vibrating foam roller prior it improved our our our our our our our our our so we're active strength index so it did the opposite we were thinking but it just kind of shows that we need more research and that's where we are in 2020 30 is now we have all this technology and we're learning more about it and we're getting what research but people forget science isn't black and white it's gray so maybe what we're talking about right now maybe a year from now we've got a podcast and we're like yo foam rolling does the opposite of what we thought it did so use it for what it is just keep an open mind you know don't get tunnel vision on these things because it is science and we're learning more and more as we go now yeah you may agree point I mean with the emergence of all of these tools and and then you know obviously comes most likely the data to follow unfortunately right so a cool new shiny toy comes out everybody runs out and gets it but we're not entirely educated on how we should be using it when we should be using it what is in in your um in your head what is the ideal kind of use case for these tools should I be foam rolling before I'm working out should I be more static stretching dynamic stretching what is the order of events when it comes to stretching and foam rolling and recovery modalities kind of when when should I be doing them how to do this it impact based off of the activity that I've about to set out on one of the running or weightlifting session kind of bring that down a little bit for us okay so we'll talk about how to warm up right but let's let's let's touch if you have a soft tissue restriction or tightness or you're recovering from injury or something like that I always like to use that foam roller or massage gun to just loosen the tissue just in self massage the area don't crush yourself right you just want to for you know 30 seconds to a minute our an area just start to release any tissue restrictions that you're feeling an area have that self massage for you to get into your warm up when you're getting into your warm up I like to use the ramp I don't know if you've heard of ramp our MP so it stands for raise activate mobilize potentially so what you're doing is you're raising a heart rate okay whether that's via jumping jacks walking biking jogging anything just increase your heart rate get your body moving get your body ready to go activate you know add in a couple bodyweight squats lunges or pushups ready to provide a lower body where you're doing just to try to just activate your tissues a little bit then you go to mobilize so that's when the dynamic stretch and comes into play so dynamic stretching I like to dynamic stretch prior activity so it's an active stretch with dynamic stretch kind of moving the joint through the full range emotion having active stretch on the tissue just to activate tissue increase blood flow circulation and truly get your body starting to warm up and then potentially means the sports specific activity so if you follow that ramp protocol and that could be jumping sprinting or striding you know if you're running warm up would go into strides prior to a run just very sports specific type movements itself but if you use that ramp it's a great way to hopefully reduce your risk of injury but really just prepare your body for the activity or the sport that you're doing and then I like to like I said before just use the soft tissue restriction stuff prior to get your body into it or if you're feeling like super tight maybe use the raise you know whether that's walking just increase blood flow and then you know substitute that soft tissue mobility right in between before you get into the the AMP acts of it so just move that way passive modalities usually for recovery whether you can use the boots the compression boots which are great or I'd like therapy and for a red sauna cold hot kind of contrast use it after there's a place in time for everything you know sometimes a lot of these pass-msalities get a bad rep in a way because people say oh it's not going to help no it's not going to help cure an injury but use it where it needs to be used right use it for what it's good for it's not going to you can't use it for everything it's not going to make you feel better at your injury but you know let's we can use any of these I'll say intermittent compression boots compression boots increased blood flow you know compressively so increased blood flow drain your fat access them and just help pump all right there's also some research to chose a really bad jiff one growth factor which is basically growth factor come from a liver that helps tissue repair itself so there's all different ways these what these things do but the real thing is we have to educate ourselves on all of them you know talk to someone in the field or someone that does research on these are rejoin research is a new coming out all the time just read about it and understand where you incorporated into your recovery or into your training so it's used for what exactly it's used for what the research shows it's been helpful for really no matter how much let's say pre-hab rehab etc and how many no matter how many preventative measures you do take injuries do happen right whether you're kind of just a weekend warrior and every day gym go or all the way up to the highest level performing athletes injuries happen small minor it's just a part of life take us through kind of your gold standard process when someone comes in with a new injury and tell us where you start and tell us about the manual process that you put into place all the way to how strange training also plays a part in that recovery process okay so let's use for it was someone comes in as a healthcare professional and as a practitioner the number one thing we should do is listen ask as many questions as you can one of the best things that about the spoke is that we have one-on-one treatment there's no assistance aids trainers there just one-on-one with your doctor physical therapy and we also have private treatment rooms so we don't have tables out in the open so people can't hear what other people are saying those private treatments allow us to really ask questions you'd be shocked at how much we learn from asking questions who what when where right how did the injury occur when what happened what do you feel explain it and over periods of time spending more time with patients you could be you know day one you could have x and y and then on day three they're like oh actually this is what happened or this is what I feel and that can really determine what's happening or the diagnoses and prognoses right so as a healthcare professional that are one thing we can do is listen and really listen to the individual and talk to the individual because the more we know about what's going on the more we know how we can help or exactly how or what this injury is because we're not always right you know that's a hard thing that a lot of people have is the they can't accept that they don't know right and if you don't know you don't know it's pretty standard like you can't you're not all of a sudden you'd be like oh actually it's this but that doesn't happen don't get wrong but sometimes like I don't know what's going on and that's when either a further into one of my colleagues at spoke or refer them out to and orthopedic doctor for something or you know sometimes we have to refer for imaging so we actually know what's going on I know you're not your MRI but sometimes to actually figure out what's happening we need to see with underlying causes right so number one thing is listen listen ask us many questions as we can and then we have an assessment where we go into the forest med bulk of motion testing once we get the data from there we can see what's going on and visually obviously with the motion testing you can see where restrictions are and they can turn in it once we find out of what we believe our hypothesis is then we can go into see if there's any tissue restrictions so we could do manual therapy to help modulate pain or really just have that therapeutic effects so that we can improve range motion or decrease restrictions using manual therapy right which then will allow us to get into strength training and that's how we stabilize our tissue long term is that you mobilize the tissue you increase blood flow in circulation to the area and then you stabilize it through the full range of motion so that the tissue adapts and understands that full range of motion right if you're just doing stretching I don't recommend just doing one you have to combo everything together if you're just doing one verse the other you're really not getting that full effect of your muscles to adapt to create that change right so that we can become better and our muscles can become better that's how we grow and then obviously strength training is progressive load um progress through that load or increase load and volume or time so you get stronger and then after most likely let's say we did manual therapy we did our strength training and then there's recovery process and that's where those passive modalities come in so that if we could help increase the therapeutic effect or increase in blood flow to the area post it can help your body recover faster or just improve your recovery time overall and that's when that all comes to play and that's when all those modalities come back into play and like we said you're not using all the same modalities and every you painted a really nice picture of of the process really and and how you bring it full circle so it really starts with that manual therapy you go into that strength reinforcement and then it's about recovery let's break those three down a little bit um pagan injury right pick an injury and tell us how you would approach it in each of those three stages so let's start with them and that manual manipulation that you typically start out with a patient and how you apply that in different tools that you can use steam was one of them what else are you using in your toolkit okay I'm gonna I'm gonna use somebody example and she's gonna hate me for saying this but I'm gonna use Kristen as an example Kristen's one of our physios of our bespoke that you know and Kristen is a power lifter and she's super fit and very recently she's heard her back right she knows what she's doing but she lifted very heavy and it happened and she's dealing with a string right now so you know we work together as we do as a team well if someone is hurt we're gonna use each other right for physio so she's having a lower back issue and what we'll do is start with some manual work or some joint manipulations and mobilization so we didn't talk about this so what we'll do is because she has a low back injury we want to assess the area above and below as well so not just the lower back you want to go at the hips and the thoracic spine right so with her we'll do some joint mobilizations we're using an SI joint belt and I'm really distracting the joint and moving the joint through the neat range of motion so that we can restore the proper range of motion over our hips so that I can take pressure off of her low back properly right also we're using steam on her lower back and her glutes try to increase more blood flow to the area it's relaxed the tissue right so we'll go through that manual process for that lower back and then after we get through that manual work and you know we use instrument assisted soft tissue mobilization as well or grass then to try to increase blood flow so there's some research out of a journal body work and something else I'm sorry I'm blanking on that but there's some research on grass and instrument assisted soft tissue mobilization that shows a localizing increase in blood flow and increase in fiber blast activity or the increase in collagen production which helps muscle repair and reform to the area so right that what is grass and for those you don't know at home so it's instrument assisted soft tissue mobilization what it is is those tools that you see people scraping themselves with and what it is shown to do is just low-class blood flow like we said in circulation more blood flow to the area can help some research in my I believe that increase in fiber blast activity which goes into repair fibers but we do know increases collagen since it's an and basically collagen production which helps muscle repair and remodelization collagen so muscle so we know that it can help so if anything we can do we're using these tools but what we know they do to improve blood flow circulation common with other forms of manual therapy and then with her it could go right into mobility program right so we're going to mobility program we're working to mobilize the hips the thoracic spine as well because the lower back you got to look above and below and then we'll go into strength right with her we realize that she has a decrease in strength and end range emotion on external rotation of her hips right so think um think like a clam shell activity lying on your side lift the leg up all the way she actually doesn't issue with that end range so we're trying to do a stabilize in that end range and by doing that she's getting pressure off her lower back and we realize that that may be what the issue is is our external rotators are very weak all the that end range positioning right and as you think about when you're going to your deadlift or certain types of squats or movements sometimes at external rotation your feet are turned out right so we have to make sure that she's strength strong through those entire ranges so that there's no compensation a lower back and she's just stabilizing through so you know for it's with different with every injury obviously but you want to use all of these things together into one and then remember to strengthen throughout the entire range emotion you know there's a time in place for like time under tension or pulsing to get more activation but you want to make sure that you're really strengthening through the entire range that tissue adapts to that range emotion or periods of time it becomes stronger is it very say that you're essentially retraining that area of the body once you kind of get it calm down once you get some blood flow in there and we're kind of almost reprogramming it maybe is a better way to put it um of how it should be operating on a daily basis when it's out of the information and kind of that that gripping phase right yeah you're adapting so your body your body's resilient first off our bodies are super resilient and we want to adapt so whether we you know put stress on that tissue or restress in different ways your body is to adapt to it's just like anything the we there's good types of stress and bad types of stress right and those good types of stress are lower bodies to adapt and become stronger whether that's mentally or physiologically it's just adaptation and when we learn these stresses and improve on these stresses our bodies just kind of become better and more resilient so that's exactly what we're doing is we're just stressing the tissue and making it more resilient and stronger and adapting and then over periods of time the tissue will become high-partury stronger and just more resilient to basically protect your body on everything else and hopefully reduce your risk of injuries in the future and what's the importance of that recovery stage so why why do you not typically allow patient to say okay I did my manual I did my my strength but I got to head out of here like none of them I need to stand for 20 minutes what's what's the benefit of that so for us it's after our treatment right so it's time that's separate a lot of people like oh don't put that part of your treatment no we're not charging people for this so basically what we're trying to do is just create that therapeutic effect so that the patient has more blood flow to the area that they can do on their own so we spend our 60 minutes with them and then if they have 20 minutes or 30 minutes and we have times well to set them up we'll put them on because it's just a pass in modality one you almost like a cooldown right so you can't skip your cooldown so if you just go from training hard and physione we do train hard to bespoke we're not just a physione that you sweat you're gonna work I can a test for those yeah I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do not you maybe some listeners think is like oh if you know we're working hard we're we're performance training we're training hard we're getting people back to whether you need to be and after was you need to cool down so you need to a part of basically let's say a cooldown cool down cool down is your body is gonna retain go back to your pre-workout phase so whether that's decreased heart rate decreased body temperature you need to bring yourself back down if you just stop and basically your blood pressure will drop and you can faint or get dizzy right and then your body won't get the proper um basically recovery aspect so you're gonna be more strain more says little strains or strains or strains or strains and such like that so we need to cool the body down let the body adapt and relax using these passive modalities can help increase blood flow so the area to increase therapeutic effect to just enhance that recovery process so if you have 20 minutes at the end of your session leave their put you on boots stay in red light infrared sauna just anything that is particularly that injury that can help that patient relax their body decreased stress before they go back to work right so we're in your city and as you know patients will they have 68 minutes alright they'll come in they're like I beat me in some remaining before they need to run to the next meeting get in the next call and there's anything we can do to help them you know prolong that therapeutic effect or increase blood flow and relax tissue relax the mind they're gonna perform better they're also gonna go back to work with a better sense and they're gonna be clear in their mind right so because if you're caught up on things like stress it can affect everything from the way you're reacting how you're thinking your coordination your everything can be affected by stress so if we can relax the body in the individual it helped them recover faster and we've done our job as well so they're recovering from injury and then their mindset is right to get back to work or either go home to their family or whatever they want to do after work yeah we have thrown a lot of terminology out there in the last couple minutes and we've talked a lot about the different tools that the you guys used but really what are universally being used even by people at home just the pure access that we now have to motion compression guns to compression boots red light therapy you can get one of those and put on your desk and that during that day you can put treadmills at your desk as well you can have standing as right there's there are all these things and I think it's pretty overwhelming as a consumer at home and as an individual at home how can you begin to understand what tools might be best to start with to build your tool kit how does that pertain to maybe the sport you're doing so if you are a triathlete for example I am someone who originally loves to travel with my compression boots wherever I go because I know when I get off that airplane I need to get the information out of my legs I need to get the blood flow to start back to those legs in your head kind of when someone's sitting at home and especially looking at the prices to some of these tools right it's not it while they're accessible in the sense that you can go online and purchase them they may not be accessible from a pricing perspective so for you at home kind of what are your barebone necessities of what you like to have when you're home when you're traveling what's kind of like your go-to kit okay so my go-to kit is when we're in right now my compression socks I love my compression socks the increased circulation decreased vibration force just helps through the recovery process so a work compression socks whether they're performance compression socks recovery probably every day so you're in your feet all day long right so you want to make sure that we're compressing that way so that's definitely you'd go too far away especially when traveling airplane prevent pooling your legs compression socks right I travel all the time with compression boots a massage gun and then also stem so those are my favorite there's tons of research on electric simulation over the years and what it can do and how it can help you with increased blood flow or if I recruit men so different ways you can use it those that's my go-to so if I could pick one it probably be EMS or normal musculetric simulation it's probably also the cheapest set of those besides the compression socks those are obviously cheapest but boots they can be pretty costly and so can massage gun I know you can find massage guns in different types of boots on Amazon but I personally I'd love the compression boots right and you could travel with them you can bring them everywhere you want and they help you with recovery so they're going to basically compress release compress release some increased blood flow drain effect system some research shows I believe in increased an IGF on growth factors well which helps muscle repair and tissue repair massage gun it's easy to use so that's the benefit of the massage gun you also let the gun do the work just say that right here don't dig into much it's just like getting a really aggressive massage or of going too hard in the foam roller you don't want to beat yourself up but it can help decrease tension in certain areas so especially because now they make the massage guns a smaller versions of it you can just throw it right in your bag right so if you get one of those smaller ones percussion therapy massage gun just increase in blood flow decreasing tension it's a great thing to travel with so I would say top four compression socks compression boots massage gun EMS or stem great for travel with and then also your number one recovery tool no matter number two ones that you don't have to pay for or sleep right you gotta sleep and you have to have good quality sleep is not just about laying down you know when I started tracking my sleep I realized I wasn't having good quality sleep I'm kind of going to something else here but I actually moved me my wife moved apartments in our same building here in New York City because we went from an apartment with more windows to a apartment with less windows because I wasn't sleeping well because of the sun like great cool apartment you see the city awesome but I was waking up every day too early when the sun came through so for us it was a great way just to create a better sleep environment we've tried to keep our dog off the bed borrace but he weighs 85 pounds and yeah dude so stop there's no stopping him exactly so he's just in bed but you know sleep is free make sure you sleep well I'll recommend cold dark quiet environment put your device like in the kitchen or something buying a long clock do something like that and then hydrate if you're not hydrated not only can it you know decrease blood flow in circulation but if you're not hydrated well your brain goes haywire right and you can't think well you're gonna be more stressed and if you're not hydrated your body's just not going to recover so make sure you're hydrating make sure you're taking enough that doesn't mean water always that means electrolytes as well so hydrate and sleep are free those are the best recovery tools and then add those past modalities in as well hydrogens a huge topic and actually I think we have this conversation pretty often just the sodium deficiency that we're now seeing I think we had this discussion when James knew very as well shout out to James but you're always harping in as well you know you need to get in that magnesium potassium and sodium mix as well it isn't reaching for those sport drinks those classic sport drinks that have a ton of sugar in them it's not reaching for you know those baby formulations as well which is typically people's go to whether it's a hangover all the way through may be making myself a case of the toms right so what what what what of the what's the magic formula here with those big three okay so as you used to baton this but the research is showing that if you have too much salt or too little salt it's the same it can increase cardiovascular disease is everything there's a sweet spot in the middle right so you want to make sure that you are taking in some a lot of the studies back in the past yeah included like processed foods things like that with our high and sodium so that's which show people's levels are too high but the research shows that if you're too high or too low it's the same thing it's negative right so there's that sweet spot so what I like to do because my diet is pretty clean for the most part I'll add in some sort of salt into whether that's a supplement that has sodium in it or just taking like sea salt flakes so this is something mean camera and started doing in 2020 we started talking about it just gushing it before I went to bed I would just put sea salt flakes in water and some put some lemon to have a digestion and then I would just drink it there so then I get my electrolytes from the sea salt I'm not overly saturating with too much salt and I'm just saying in that sweet spot to then use the salt to help hydrate my system itself so really most people have too little or too much if you're diet super clean you're probably too little if you're diet's terrible and probably too much so you can get your your levels your measure your levels measured per say but there's really a sweet spot so adding and usually more salt is actually somewhat better to be honest from what the research is showing so just add some salt into it as some electrolytes into it yes there's some companies like you know that have these drinks that are super high in sugar is also a negative aspect of that as well right so any added sugar really is not that great for you so make sure that you're staying clean on that and avoiding that because there is some research to show that could dehydrate you actually a little bit yeah so we're saying essentially sleep stress what was the other one that we said sleep stress hydration hydration those are huge those and those are free those are all kind of we call them controllables right those are the things that you can really wake up and and be determined in the sense that I'm not going to not allow my stress levels get too high I'm going to really focus on gaining a bit early tonight and getting a good eight seven hours sleep whatever it is that you require I require eight that's just how I'm programmed if I get less than eight I'm slightly off of my game the next day and then hydration you know hydration drink you know they long and it's not just about that water talk about the actual physiological repairing that's happening during your sleep cycle talk about how your muscles are physically recovering during that time period talk about also spacing out workouts appropriately if I just got if I just went extremely hard at a marriage class eight o'clock on Monday night why should I not turn around and run six miles on Tuesday morning so first off you need to recover let's talk about that right so if your body's too stressed you're listening to cortisol levels so when we work out of a body becomes stressed so if you're taking your blood work right after you work out it's probably going to be terrible your body is way too stressed and your body needs time to repair itself if we're not repairing ourselves and then we're going into a work out the next morning you're literally like going in with a half a tank of gas right so your body is just not prepared to go and to move to that position so you need to recover properly you need to make sure you take enough time to recover and you need to get your sleep so sleep is interesting and I say quality of sleep more than quantity because once I started measuring my sleep maybe I was in bed for nine hours but I wasn't sleeping for nine hours right there's different stages of sleep you have light immune deep sleep right you don't release your growth factor your IGF1 or your hormones that repair our tissue unless you're in that deep sleep stage so that like medium to deep stage so we need to make sure that our quality of sleep is good so that we're releasing these hormones actually repair our tissue so when you release these hormones they come in and they like IGF1 growth factor let's say it helps with protein synthesis right helps repair the tissue itself and just remodel our tissue so that's what's happening there and it's the training effect right you when you train you rip your tissue apart and the tissue comes in and repairs itself and comes back strong or in bed or right so sleep and hydration have a lot to do with that if you're constantly stressing yourself you're not allowing those levels to drop and you're staying at a high level of stress if you stay at a high level of stress it could create irritation one um I always say that if you have irritation or too much stress it leads to your mind being elsewhere which affects your focus and affects your coordination which can lead to poor form um which can lead to injury right so that's a chain reaction that occurs from now make sure you're taking proper time between each workout if you're doing a workout at 10 o'clock at night like I do maybe don't work out the next morning maybe wait till the next evening to work out um if you go to that do that workout and your super sore and you had a leg day but your legs are crushed listen to your body don't do legs that day you know switch the workout up like switch it up because if you overstress your tissue you're also just not allowing every cover face to happen so the tissue's just never actually fully recover calling you an out in this room right now but we looked at programs you know I was like just do less sometimes less is more don't overstress your tissue let your body recover self let your body go through that entire process and phase so that you feel better and then you'll perform better and you'll lift more you'll be stronger you'll be faster but your body needs time to repair itself so less is more I tell this to a lot of my athletes as well it's just take a day off like sometimes you need that day off make sure you take at least one day off for a week sometimes you need to sometimes you need more but your body needs to relax and repair and recover in order to help as your performance on the next workout especially as you get older you know we're not 22 years old anymore I think I told you about one of our athletes shout out to a Maori out there I was shooting with him for about 8.5 o'clock on shoot and this kid was in absolute jack rabbit with the box jumps that he was pulling off and I asked him how old he was and he yeah he's in his young 20s and I was like wow I felt that for a second you know talk about you know the importance of everything that you just said especially as you get older you know when you turn when you really round that let's say 30 or even around that corner of 30 is it old by any means but you also aren't 20 anymore so why does this become increasingly more important as you age? I've probably just doesn't pair itself as fast as it did right I'm 37 and man I'm sore after work out so like I played basketball I was telling you I played basketball the other day and I'm not sore I got so kid just ran into me and my calf is sore like I feel bruised right and I think about that when I played football and I was younger I wrestled I just got beat up every day and never feel the sore so it's just our body going through a process as we age right and that's why we're doing everything we can to improve our lifespan longevity and we're using all these other outside tools and such to help that process curse so that I've got to talk about a couple other factors that can have a high impact on recovery so firstly it's going to alcohol intake so we're actually seeing a huge wave right now with a younger demographic they are opting out of alcohol use just based off of the knowledge that we're now seeing devices such as a lot of these wearables that we're wearing right now that can really measure your daily habits and your daily behaviors and then show you as a result what you did the day before how that impacted you for the next day talk about alcohol impact on the physical recovery of a body okay so bad that's the best way to put it I stopped drinking I wasn't a big drinker but I would drink my buddies on Sunday I'm a well-watching football whatever playing golf and I stopped drinking about six and a half years ago and I feel so much better okay I stopped drinking because the next day I would notice that my mental state as at that point a non-chip anymore was just delayed my processing time for my brain was delayed and I wasn't fully there I wasn't showing up the way that I should be until like midday the next day and I wasn't drinking a lot of it like a couple of years but that was it but my body really did not react well to it so the issue with alcohol intake is it could affect your immune system and your recovery process for all different ways basically what happens is that when you drink alcohol your body has to process everything that's in there whether sugars everything that's inside of that alcohol all the alcohol all things like that so your body's processing that so when you go to sleep your body actually doesn't get into that full deep sleep and that's why all these wearable shows that you're poor sleep like you think you're in bed for 10 hours or you think quote unquote you pass out no you don't pass out your body is up working to process all that alcohol you just took in so it affects your sleep and if you affect your sleep it affects your recovery like we said we don't get to deep sleep a body doesn't release proper hormones and both factors and our muscles don't repair ourselves right also a big issue with alcohol is it can re react with your coordination your reaction time in your mental state so if you're recovering from alcohol a day of drinking and the next day you go to work out your reaction time is going to be lower your coordination is going to be poor your focus is going to be less so those are all the things that prevent injury is being hyper focused be coordinated and really react time being there so there's a chain reaction that occurs in drinking alcohol so your body's not recovering there's also a lot of research shows that alcohol can impair your immune system so it could lead to more stress on your immune system so you're being more successful to being sick per se as well if you get sick you don't recover so it's just like a full circle right if you're not if you're drinking you're not sleeping well it also dehydrates you that's another huge thing is alcohol does the hydrate you so if you're not hydrated you tissues aren't properly fueled or hydrated your joints you know have less circulation and everything is basically impaired so alcohol is a big no no if you're serious athlete you know some people like oh stop or lower your alkaline take to be quite frank just don't drink you know there's a non alcoholic beverages that people can have now if you want that taste of beer or such there's non alcohol coins I saw recently that rock fell Simon's a store there non alcoholic alcohol right that is that so and I tasted one of the wines and you know it tasted like wine to me so maybe real wine drinkers would argue but I'm not a big wine drinker or never was yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah so just just limited if you can I would say don't if your series athlete don't drink it will really improve your recovery times because it's not affecting other aspects of recovery so your tissues are staying in optimal state and your body is allowed to perform the way it should in your recovery process is a close to impairing it's basically you're doing your just impairing your process every time you drink and also you know this research that shows it kind of destroys your DNA a little bit as well so I'm sure alcohol this probably will be tons of new research coming out in this future because we're doing a lot of research on it now because not alcohol drinks are becoming so popular is that probably also affects your lifespan and your longevity so you know limit your alcoholic or say no to it if you can and rather hydrate your system and properly fuel your system yeah awesome now we're not here to talk necessarily about nutrition and obviously we don't have a dietitian in the house here but we are talking about the impact the human body and how your body is recovering on a daily basis from one that workouts as a daily life so let's talk about under fueling let's talk about under fueling I just had a massive mass of strength day maybe I didn't refuel properly how is that going to play a role and how my body is is feeling the next day and continuous cycles of under fueling how that can also set you up for a higher risk of injury as well okay so it's just vitamins minerals if you're not taking the proper vitamins of mineral like said I'm not an nutritionist on a physical therapist so if you're taking and not taking the proper vitamins of minerals your body is not getting the fuel that it needs right or if you're taking in the wrong vitamin minerals right so a big thing that I see is that people are like oh man I ate a ton of protein after I worked out but what types of protein did you eat and they'll say things like oh I had a you know fried chicken sandwich is a protein yeah but you're using fried foods which can cause more information your body one let's say that's it the condiments that you put on most of these foods have high sugar things like that or not the best whole foods per say that if you can say so really proper fueling is huge right so a big thing is make sure you eat enough as well a lot of athletes are under fuel I've realized I had this conversation with my buddy key last year two years ago when he was training off season for the NFL we were talking a lot about fueling and it's really just taking in the proper things right and people their entire lives can work on athletic ability and they can eat whatever they want and there's some athletes that argue oh I can have McDonald's I'm you know I'm calling out Chad Ocho Sinko over there but he is one of the greatest athletes of all time but and his body is that like one percent or that his body restilled reacted well and recovered well but a lot of people if you increase inflammation or taking the poor nutrition your body is going to basically fight against that and it's not going to properly heal right or you can increase inflammation your body possibly through the use of like fried foods or poor oils right that's another thing a lot of people don't get is that when you eat out a lot of the times restaurants cut costs right so they're going to use cheaper oils these cheaper oils have been shown like an oil to increase inflammation your body so we need pure oils that you know sometimes costs a little more but if you cook at home that's okay get that extra virgin olive oil things like that just be clean I say whole foods be clean get your protein intake after you work out whether that's through a shake fuel or whole foods itself but just make sure that you're getting proper vitamins and minerals as opposed to what most athletes do is just leave the gym and go grab a beer or something like that because we want to make sure that you're feeling your body properly so it has the efficient nutrients, vitamins and minerals to actually repair itself. Great stuff we're going to transition into our final topic here and it's a big one and it's probably one that's gained a little bit more attention as of recent years and that's really the mental health impact that injuries can have and now this isn't just the mental health impact of a professional athlete who's you know living is to play that sport right this is everywhere from you're again I'm going to say it again you're a weekend warrior in your everyday gym goers to your amateur athletes all the way to your professional athletes whatever disruption that you experience in your daily routine is going to have an impact on your mental health talk about the patterns that you have historically seen in individuals who become injured and who's daily life does become distracted because of an injury and what is sort of the advice that you you you know give them to take home okay so negative reinforcement is bad let's put that out there right so if you don't think you're going to get better you're possibly not going to get better okay your brain is a very strong thing it will affect your recovery so if you're saying like oh I'm doing bad I'm not going to do better yeah you're limiting your ability that's it performance right so negative reinforcement is terrible if you have negative reinforcement in your life finally to get rid of it okay I've just put in that out there step one step one get that out right so positive reinforcement is you you have to tell yourself you're going to get better you need to train your brain and your mind to understand that you're going to get better and you're going to do better you're going to perform better right you need to be positive with yourself and you need to have external factors that are positive um one of the biggest things that I talk about with athletes especially Doran's athletes is Samuel Mercos Bio psychosocial model of endurance right so he's a researcher I've actually gave you that book to read about it and he talks about this model his model is saying that there are different types of external factors whether that's physiologically through our individual selves you know where affected by like a VO2 Maxis how much oxygen we can consume, our bodies can function out properly, you can function we're also affected by social factors external factors support groups support people support individuals right and then we're also affected by our own psychological aspects so meaning are you motivated are you not motivated do you have a lot of stress in your life do you have a lot of negative impact in your life this can all affect one another so yes you're physiological performance body will affect your performance but if you're having issues with all these other external factors they will affect your performance and they will come down to impair your performance in a way right so one of the big things that I like to tell everyone is that you have to practice your mental fitness if you don't practice your mental fitness you're not going to all of a sudden like walk into the gym and be mentally prepared to work out right you have to practice this at home at work and in the gym okay you need to understand that your mental fitness can be affected by all these other external factors social factors as well so if you're having a stressful situation at home or stressful situation work you're not going to be performing at your best during the gym and vice versa right so you have to practice positive reinforcement and that's positive self-talk so it's not just you know external factors of seeing like a nice photo that makes you happy which research shows that if you flash a smiley face this is San Wilmer Co's research on a personal treadmill they will go longer and stronger on their treble runs right as opposed to flashing sad faces like this actually does affect our brain but we want to make sure that we're giving ourselves positive reinforcement and positive self-talk talk throughout this entire process you need to tell yourself you're going to be better you need to believe in yourself that is a huge thing if you do not believe in yourself you're not going to do as best as you can right so that goes kind of into his 60% rule um you're saying that you're 60% when your body you know feels fatigue some people call this like the navy seal rule things like that um you're actually 60% you know done you still 40% left in the tank and your body needs to understand that you're going to get better and you're going to be able to get past that point but if you don't train yourself to understand that it's going to affect you in a negative aspect or impair your performance or limit your performance in a way so I think the biggest things that people need to take away from this is that mentally be positive practice positive reinforcement in the gym at home at work all the time because you're going to be affected by each one of those and if you are sad or unhappy in one of them it will affect your performance so be happy you can also do meditation work mindfulness work yoga you know breathing techniques things like that or if you're just feeling super stressed when you get to the gym or something you're lifting sometimes stop what you're doing take 3D breaths that's what I always say take 3D best and go for a walk walk around the block one time clear your mind if you can clear your mind you can get back to the performance you want without these external factors affecting your performance our brain is undoubtedly the most powerful organ of our body right talk about the mind muscle connection how that plays a specific role in the injury aspect of this cycle right so someone just got an ACL reconstruction right how do they how does the brain play a part in helping someone walk again and helping someone run again right how does the mind play a role in that in that process so mind body connection right you have to connect your brain to the muscle you want to use that sounds crazy for some people but it's true right so if you're doing let's use like a quad set or a knee extension or something like that where you can track your quadricep muscles you should actually think about through your brain contracting that muscle more that will show that the muscle will contract more you'll have more activity of that tissue itself so that mind body connection is huge if you're doing your bicep curls and you're you know a way lift or a cosmetically trying bigger biceps think about that like squeeze your biceps think about your mind squeezing the biceps yeah if you flex between sets it's research that shows that actually can decrease your strength on the next set but if you're just looking for high part of your squeeze away right if you want those biceps to be bigger connect your brain to it between sets squeeze as much as you want you might have been will lift as much because it'll affect your training for performance I don't recommend flexing between sets disclaimer disclaimer you want to get stronger don't flex between sets but if you want to just connect that brain but when you're doing the the workout itself whatever muscle that you want to contract or the muscle that you want to focus on working connect your brain to that muscle and really try to hyper focus on that muscle contracting itself and this research that shows that will help that mind body connection to help that muscle gets stronger and grow in itself absolutely so throughout our entire chat we've talked a lot about longevity and what we're seeing today is a lot more emphasis on just that when it comes to health and wellness goals why are we seeing that shift right why are we seeing people you know moving from I'm gonna go really hard in my 20s and then I'm gonna kind of dwindle out from there whereas now no I want to keep doing Iron Man's until 85 right so why do you think that's become such a big shift in our culture well first off we're living longer right generationally we're living longer through the use of medical advances in technology and the research that we're having supplements and just medical as a whole is allowing us to live longer people are living longer so people's mindsets are shifting to I want to and also people having children later in life so people want to be prepared to you know interact with their kids later in life but we're shifting to that aspect of let's live as a spoke we say live better longer right that is what our true that's what we go by that's where we want every patient to be is to live better longer and we focus on longevity and lifespan so as we age we want to age more gracefully we want to make sure that we're aging properly so that we can play with the next generation in our family or you know interact with all those people we're just in general if you don't have and we just exercise longer and be really focused on bettering yourself and improving this actually all comes through everything we spoke about today so there's all these different factors that play a role in our life span and longevity whether it's exercise sleep nutrition hydration all these things affect one another and it's showing us that all of this that we're working on if we do these properly or work on all these individual things we should be able to live longer right bottom line through technology through research through the medical advances that we're having right now is we should be able to live longer per se but we want to live more gracefully longer we want to be able to perform an our memory you know that's my goal and generations before us did not have that and they weren't living as long right but we're also as a generation more focused on things like exercise exercise as a whole as you if you move and you stay moving not only will it make you stronger but will also increase your blood flow your circulation and all your brain to be better right we have to make sure that we're also playing that mental fitness game we spoke about mental fitness earlier but we also want to make sure that we're training our brain right don't let your brain just stop working especially those that retire early you want to make sure that you're still challenging your brain because your brain is like a muscle we stress it to then let it to strengthen itself and become stronger so it's not decreasing as we age right think about all timers it's a very big issue in our society now to mention things like that we want to make sure that we try to avoid these things and usually through what we know in research it's exercise exercise helps everything exercise is the key to longevity okay if we can stay exercising exercising and staying moving our bodies and our brain will be stronger and we should be able to age more gracefully and improve our longevity in life span awesome doctor Dan Gerda and I thank you so much for coming to the BbCom podcast we have an exciting 2023 coming up with you in the bespoke team just really pumped for this conversation to come out for our users thank you for having me look forward to hearing this and I look forward to working with you guys more thanks for tuning in to the BbCom podcast stay tuned for more stories along the way