Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What's up, Bodybuilding.com listeners. My name is Danielle Bits and today I'm joined by Nikki DeVilla. Nikki's a registered dietitian and has a Master's degree in nutrition. She's been practicing dietetic since 2014 and is a current Bodybuilding.com athlete. She partners with her husband Gavin online fitness coach and fellow Bodybuilding.com athlete help others achieve their fitness and nutrition goals. She enjoys providing nutritional guidance across her blog and social platforms and has a passion for helping others achieve a healthier relationship with her body and food. Her specialties include weight loss and exposing common nutritional myths while ditching diet culture. Nikki, welcome to the Bodybuilding.com podcast. Hi, thank you for having me. I'm very excited to be here. Today's episode is brought to you by Feastbox Meats, weekly meal prep, hitting your macros and getting clean protein can be challenging, expensive and time consuming. The Feastbox protein pack presented by Bodybuilding.com promises a healthy, easy solution for hitting protein goals on a daily basis. Choose 1,100% grass fed and pasture-raised chicken, beef or pork all season fully cooked, chilled and sealed with zero additives. The protein pack is delivered straight to your door and has over 30 grams of protein for as little as 223 per serving. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Order now at Bodybuilding.com. To kick things off, it's extremely important to differentiate between a nutritionist and a registered dietitian. You yourself are a registered dietitian. Breakdown with that means for our listeners as a starting point. Right, there's the saying that we always love to say that every dietitian is a nutritionist but not every nutritionist is a dietitian. As a dietitian, you can be called a nutritionist. That's an RDN or you can just be called an RD, which is a registered dietitian. But if we get into what the actual definition is of a nutritionist, that could be somebody is very enthusiastic about nutrition, fitness. It's from personal experience that they want to help others as well as they might have taken like an online course and now they have a certificate. But if you're a dietitian, a whole different route in Sue's, where you have your master's, your bachelor's, your master's as of 2024, you go through a dietetic internship, which is 1200 hours of supervised practice. Where you're in nursing homes, you're in the hospital, you're in community, you're with kids in school districts. You gain that experience that, you know, nutritionist just doesn't have as well as after that. Once you pass all of that, you then get to sit for your national exam as a registered dietitian. Thanks for breaking down the difference there. I think that's super important. We've got a great episode cute up for you guys today. A few of the many things we'll be covering include achieving your weight loss goals, fasting, the y-behind protein and y-carb's are not the enemy. So let's jump into it with topic number one. This is often a big one for everybody out there, right? Weight loss. So we're going to break down all things weight loss. It's pretty easy to learn that you specialize in weight loss, Nikki is one as one comes across your social pages and a society that places so much emphasis on weight loss, with it still remaining as the number one fitness goal. What prompted you to one approach nutrition, right? But then to fall into the niche world of weight loss? I have found even through childhood. I have a very wonderful upbringing around nutrition, the importance of it. And I carry that through school and I remember looking at a college catalog and I absolutely know interest in anything else. And when I saw nutrition, I was like, that's it. That's for me. So the journey started to begin from there, but it's also a lot of personal experience and a lot of dietitians, not speaking for all of them, but we go into it because we have our own, let's say, issues around food. Or maybe personal experiences and through learning so much about nutrition, I helped myself struggle with this ordered eating and emotional eating and struggled with weight loss myself. So when I had that knowledge and experience, I became very passionate. So instead of just having those cooking videos on social media, I really wanted to bring light to the struggles of weight loss and that emotional connection. Awesome. So let's take it from step one, right? Let's dumb down losing weight. Forget the fads, forget their restriction diets, and overly obsessed tracking, especially with how many devices live out there today. What or say the top three things someone should be doing to originally set out on their weight loss goal? Yeah. I love that question because I know everyone thinks like, if I just started today, what do I need to do? And then they look on social media. They find 20 million things that they want to do in that quickly overwhelmed. So the first thing I always say is to journal what you're eating and that why behind it to include your emotions and not just follow calories or macros because if you tell somebody to rather than journal, you tell them to track it and then you want to an app like my fitness pile. They track their calories, but they have no idea why they're eating with their eating and they're more so focused on the numbers right away rather than what they're eating and the nutrients that are providing for their body. So journaling your diet, start to learn about yourself from their number two would always be to move more. I think as a society, we do not move enough and we think that sitting all day at your nine to five and then going to the gym for an hour is sufficient, but we should be moving more throughout the day, but enjoying your movement, not just exercising more, but going for more walks or doing things that you enjoy. I think that is very, very important part of fitness. That a lot of people miss, especially when it comes weight loss. The last one is to focus on your habits and not just a diet. I love to say to my clients that a healthy lifestyle is made up of several healthy habits. So in essence, if you're following and tracking your habits, then from there you can learn about yourself, you can change your habits because your current lifestyle is basically whatever you're not happy with, it's your current habits that you want to change. So from there, if you were to reflect upon what are my habits, how can I change them, how can I improve, and then from there you can create a lifestyle you want. But going from diet to diet is not going to help you, you're ignoring your habits and just focusing on the angle which is weight loss rather than habit change. So say someone has implemented these three types, right? They've maintained consistency, which is a huge factor in any goal that someone's looking to achieve. Let's talk about hitting plattoes, right? We like to say the first five pounds are usually the easiest, which is there's some truth behind that, right? So what happens after the first five? How do we get to 10 to 15 and beyond and break past the plateau that's so many face? Yeah, so when you are in a weight loss plateau, you have to kind of give it that outside look and perspective rather than being so focused on things you're doing, maybe the things you aren't doing kind of reassessing your journey where you currently are at as well as your expectations because if I was to give the generic answer of yes, focus more in your calories, more in your macros, look what about your physical activity? Are you moving enough? You know those three habits that I was talking about previously is very important but also understanding that you are going to lose weight a little bit quicker in the beginning like you said, but it's going to slowly trickle from there. Maybe you lost 15 pounds within the first month and then after that you're losing half a pound, a pound a week or maybe a month but your body is changing in many different ways. So kind of relying on patients as well as discipline because in the beginning you could be so motivated and that the end, you know, it's that this one that drives you through. So you know ask yourself, are you in a weight loss plateau? Are you really focusing on your habits? You know, did you try everything? You know, what can you change and really just reflect given honest answer before you just say, oh, I need to cut my calories more? Yeah, absolutely. Any disruption to a routine good or bad is going to come with that change, right? So if you've been in a pretty seditarian you say, okay, I'm going to go out there, I'm going to walk X on a step. I'm going to get to the gym every single day and you severely disrupt that routine that maybe you've been following for the past several months or years, right? Your body is going to quickly say, okay, we're changing, right? And it's going to pick up on that change. Now the body is going to also adapt to that change in the next month to month three months. So maybe you see great success in those first three months. You're crushing it. You're amped on the new routine that you implemented. But then you say, oh my gosh, I'm stepping on the scale and nothing's continuing. You know, the weight is in continuing to drop, right? How do we look at other pieces, other external factors such as stress, sleep, things outside of the kitchen, outside of the gym in terms of implementing, um, in terms of impacting or weight loss journey? Right. And I think that's a great topic to talk about because that's where stress, um, specifically if you are stressed at work and we kind of push that aside like, oh well, I'm just more stressed than usual. But no, I mean, your cortisol levels do go up and it's not that the recollection shift that you're, quote unquote gaining weight or, you know, it's not about that it's about that if you have increased stress, your cortisol goes up and then you're related to eat more. So kind of honing in a little bit more on what your stress, how are you coping with your stress, how are you managing that? What about your sleep? Are you rest in recovery? And then what about your relationships? Do you have a supportive relationship? Is there anybody that's sabotaging your relationship or do you have a support system within the goal that you're trying to reach? So it is very important to kind of evaluate those as well because it's not just about calories and calories out as a dietitian. It's, it's more so about your whole life and that whole approach. Yeah, the support system is huge. And again, that goes for those looking to run their first marathon or just looking to lose those first five pounds, you know, especially if you were trying to be a little more disciplined in the kitchen and say your partner is going to, let's say going a bit more rogue, right? You know, it's not to say they can't bring that food in the house, but I mean, that just that that support is so important for that for the aspect. Let's talk a little bit about fasting. That is something that our audience is always wondering about and we've seen that come to rise in and fashion in the past five or so years, right? Fasting is not for everyone, right? And I think that's an important road for us to go down right now. I think it also differentiates between male and female. I think it's going to play a role in what your specific goal is again, right? So let's first talk about how fasting can be helpful in a weight loss journey. Right. So I believe in fasting to an extent, right? I think it can be beneficial to kind of look at your window and when you're eating and when you're not eating because a lot of the times when I speak with clients, they have a lot of digestive issues. So we talk about, right? What is your window? Are you eating right before a bed and right before bed and a huge bowl of pasta and sauce and cheese? You know, is that disrupting your sleep, your digestion? Do you have acid, reflux, heartburn? So more from a health standpoint. When I look at fasting, I'm trying to think more about digestion and how that can help somebody when you shorten your window just a little bit, but that does not mean fasting all day. That's a very different story. So it is very individualized and how to approach that. So it is a very touchy subject. Yeah. Absolutely. I think that one plays into the 321 rule. Try not to stop eating three hours before drinking two hours before and devices one hour before. I think that that's helped me personally at ton. I find, you know, say the day got away from me and my dinner is just a little bit later than it originally is. That will throw me off because my body, it's going to want to digest first before we go to sleep, right? Before the brain can kind of turn into sleep mode. How can it be gentle, gentle? How can fasting be detrimental to a weight loss journey? Yeah. So when the main purpose of somebody that is fasting is cutting their window for weight loss, they're cutting their calories. And the biggest thing is that it does promote somewhat of an unhealthy relationship with food because it's seen as a punishment. Oh, now I have to fast till this time because I ate this last night. And that relationship is never going to bring you to the success or the body of your dreams because it's not sustainable. Those types of thoughts with weight loss. So it is very important if somebody was too fast all day long or maybe they fasted breakfast because they felt like they needed to punish their body because of whatever they ate previously, they're more likely to binge at night and that's when they're going to engage more on emotional eating. So it's not my best technique for weight loss but it is important. I think fasting just to be cautious of what you're eating. When you're starting your day, when it's ending digestion and so on. Yeah, absolutely. Digestion being the kind of key motivator here in terms of implementing a fasting routine. You know, say you're doing, let's say 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. right? You can still eat the same amount in that window, right? What you're trying to do as you said is you're trying to shorten that window. You're trying to not be eating from 7 a.m. to maybe 8 p.m. because your body's then taking that energy to digest the entire day. So what you're really trying to do is just a shorten that window. Can you still eat 2,000 plus calories in that window? Yes, you absolutely can. But I like to look at fasting as a helpful tool and nothing and all be all, especially for weight loss. Let's talk about fasting being a helpful, even detrimental tool for let's say athletes, right? Outside of the weight loss journey. Obviously the same probably applies. You know, it's certainly be detrimental if an athlete is underfueled. But then it can also be helpful if they are experiencing digestion issues as well. Right, correct. So I mean, there's that fine line imbalance. And of course, it's based on your training intensity when you're training. So if you're fasting and you have a big meat or you're training in the morning, but you've fasted since 6 p.m. then I before obviously you're not going to have enough nutrients and like a gym store to help with your performance. So it is very important that if somebody is experiencing digestive concerns, there are so many things that you can look at. What you're eating, what are the nutrients you're getting, your portion size, what you're in male frequency? So there are a lot of different variables that I can go into digestion and that could probably be a talk online. It's absolutely. So big takeaways for fasting. We're using that more so as a tool, especially eating and digestion. Then really more so it's about shortening that window and using as a discipline tool on your weight loss journey. Let's talk about the word detox. This word, I feel like this for you, this could be enough of the soda in it and of itself, right? Sometimes, or all of the time, or likely, this word can be quite triggering. What's your stance on detox cleans claims, whether that's through liquid diet, supplement aids, et cetera. There's so much out there. I could whip out a list right now, but let's break that down and what that means for you, because I think what's always so funny, you know, what I always tell people when I've told clients in the past as well is you have organs. They are doing the work for you, right? But again, let's kind of break that down. Let's break down how your body acts as its own detox system, but then also break down the negative stigma we've seen arise from this word detox in the nutrition and fitness industry. Right. So, I mean, you said that your body is detoxing every day, and it's specifically the liver, but there are many other organs that are doing that as well throughout the day that we don't realize we don't give our bodies enough credit. So, when somebody says they want to detox, I am a little bit more weary because I'm worried about maybe they are going through some health issues. So, their answer they think is, oh, I have to do a full body detox. I need to eat this type of mud from another country, because it's going to, you know, pull certain ions or, you know, whatever you see on TikTok, but those are just some examples of we will go to extremes before kind of addressing our health concerns. So, I think it's a perfect segue from what we just talked about with digestion. That's the main reason why people are looking for detoxes. Maybe their skin isn't as clear, maybe they have bloating, gas, nausea, you know, all of the above, and they're looking for something that cleans their system. So, I can understand why somebody who's frustrated wants a detox, but you don't have to go to those extreme lengths and invest. And all these expensive supplements or liquids just to have your body do what it needs to do. It's more so about, you know, what are you eating? And what are the nutrients that you're providing to your body so then your body can actually function properly? Yeah, absolutely. I mean, let's just, let's have a little fun here. I mean, let's talk about some of the crazy ones that you've seen out there you mentioned mud. I mean, obviously I've got juice cleanses our big one as well, but what are some examples that you've seen out there? There was one and I'm probably not going to do it's justice because it was wild. It was a foot bath with leeches to help excrete something and I don't know if you know. I have not heard of that one. That one's new. Yes, my one of my clients asked me and you know, I understand they're curious so I would never tell my client, oh my god, I can't believe, you know, you would say that to me, but sometimes we think the wildest things are going to be our answer like that's the reason why I haven't been losing weight because I haven't been doing this crazy, clenze that's going to change my whole life and my whole body and I have to do it for, you know, a week and then I can eat again. No, I'm not been sticking my feet and mud and water with leeches, that's it. Oh my goodness, you know, and the problem too, there's just so much of misinformation and you Google wait lost these days and these are the type of things that are coming up so you can't necessarily blame individuals out there for thinking that right? The best that we can really do is provide you know the guidance and let them know it can it can be much more simple than you're making it out to be right. You know, let's clean up the diet, let's you know get into a good movement routine, let's get that sleeping stress under control and really when you're looking at those four pillars, I mean at the end of the day if you can check those off like you're going to start noticing some change. Protein and we're going down the list here guys, you're going down the ultimate weight loss list so so far we've talked about, you know, the top three tips for starting your weight loss journey, we've talked about hitting plattoes, fasting detox, let's transition into protein. Everybody listening and I'm sure you'll love this one. So let's talk about the role that protein does have four losing weight and why following a protein forward diet, whether that's through animal based or plant based, right? Just all around protein forward diet is important for weight loss. Right, I think what the, what the average person doesn't know, especially somebody what I'm a nutrition expert and I'm talking to somebody about protein, they don't realize that our body at some point starts to biologically break down naturally and along with that we lose muscle mass. So especially as we get older and every decade we are losing more muscle than we've ever had before and then it increases on an alarming rate when we're older. So body really starts to transform and that's a lot that can be due to a lot of hormonal changes that again naturally occur in the body. So it is very important to prioritize protein because it's going to help you maybe obtain or maybe just even maintain that lean muscle mass that you have to care you through and the best thing about protein is that I mean especially if you couple that with strain training you can definitely gain more lean muscle mass but it allows you to have a little bit more freedom and flexibility of what you get to eat because you're burning a little bit more calories as well as it gives you that shape that you're looking for. Everyone tries to eat less to lose weight but protein is then going to give you that nice shape as a woman you're not going to get big and bulky from protein and lifting weight you're going to have a really nice shape and you're going to you know, and turn love your body. So protein is so important. I my personal experience I thought like I don't need protein I can I can achieve the body of my dreams and then I quickly learn about wasn't a possibility I was in the gym training and I was just spinning in the wind. So when I started to have more protein it really did change my body. You mean a great point for women specifically you know and historically let's say looking at the past 20 years right it's always not always but the you know perception is all have some salad. Right I'm just going to eat you know veggies super super light very very low cow no carbs etc. We're going to take carbs in a second but protein is really taken off protein. I'm saying this is protein's decade right now. Yeah. They're having a moment for sure and for for all genders for all you know walks of life and I love it because one protein is going to keep you fuller of course. You eat you know a plate full of protein you're going to be a bit more full and I'm saying it right. Right. So it also allows you to look at it from a positive mind frame. So if you can just kind of start your day saying all right I'm going to have one gram of protein per pound of body weight or I'm going to hit X amount of protein for my day as opposed to saying oh my gosh I can't exceed you know 1700 calories, 2000 calories etc. It kind of flips that narrative and puts a much more positive spin on it is what I found. Yeah I tell my clients that the biggest change and the more successful have when they think about their diet of what can I get to eat? Not what can't I eat so if I'm telling a client like all right we're going to start to work on your diet we're going to implement some changes and they tell me oh my goodness I can't have like chips anymore oh my god never said that I said but let's focus on having more fruits and vegetables right or protein as the example and as they focus on that prioritize that they feel good they feel satisfied and then they forget about the chips it's just not on the forefront of their mind but if you go into weight loss thinking like oh I'm just going to eat 700 calories that bag of chips is going to be right in front of your head thinking you can't get around it you obsessive out it you want it and that's why it's so important to focus on what you can do rather than what you can't do. Yeah absolutely let's talk about protein sources and not so much animal versus plant but supplements versus whole food right so where this supplement player role versus your whole food diet thinks of that nature. Yeah as a dietitian I will always prioritize natural states of protein whether it's animal plant based you can get a sufficient amount even with plant based which I think is so important for people to know as well but supplements do have their role and supplements all it is it's just supplemental to the diet so especially if you have certain goals and you can't get to a certain number if it's one gram per pound of body weight or maybe it's one point two whatever the number is the supplement just help you reach there and you know in the past I think they were kind of looked down upon especially with women but now that you know you implement protein shakes and things like that you can actually achieve your protein goals rather than thinking like how am I going to eat 130 grams of protein of chicken it's terrible right it's certainly helps I mean whether that's just a quick 10 gram bar whether that's not even you know a scoop of hemp seed and then you get 10 grams out of that having that shake at the end of the day and that's usually kind of I make like a nice cream is usually I like the frozen banana as a scuba protein some cinnamon and a little cocoa and that's that's satiating one it kind of cures that sweet tooth but then I'm getting another 25 grams of protein then in my day which is a great bump yeah and I love that you're coupling that with nutritious foods too yeah so I think that's really important to prioritize as well yeah absolutely we just talked about carbs a second ago let's let's make this the main topic right now carbs are no carbs that is the question certainly is so a low carb diet or a no carb diet otherwise not as keto some of the times it's often referred to as a quick way to shed weight and while can be helpful for a short term term goal let's talk about why carbs are a crucial macro nutrient to include in our regular diet as a primary energy source so one Nikki tell us what carbs do tell us by you know when we ingest carbs tell us what occurs in the body so when you diet when you eat and digest a carbohydrate it turns into glucose which we call sugar in the body it can then be stored liver your muscles or it does go into your blood and the most wonderful thing about glucose or blood sugar that people don't realize is that you have sugar readily available when your body needs it for life for daily activities for your brain function so a lot of people really demonize carbohydrates but at the same time they are a main source of energy for the body and to be able to think alone is very important to have carbohydrates so it also can transport nutrients throughout the body as well too your organ, your muscles as well as your nervous system so it's not just a carbohydrate it's something that actually helps us live our lives every day but again function at an appropriate level tell us a little bit about how carbs do player rule in weight loss right so often people do go to a no carb diet to you know lose those five to 10 pounds of looking to do tell us one how this can be helpful right but maybe some stipulations that that come along with it and then to tell us if this is sustainable long term so do you mean a no carb diet or limiting carb diet because they're to well let's let's go down the difference down all right so if you're limiting carb hydrate that has such there's many different meanings to that you could just you could before be eating a lot of carbohydrates the way too much that's why you are gaining weight so when you limit carbohydrates you're probably eating more of an appropriate portion size so that I think is beneficial so when people say like oh I'm eating no carb hydrate sometimes they mean that they're just eating less carb hydrates and again they're eating what their portions size should have been in the beginning no carb hydrate diets trying to think about if it's immediate and we call it a benefit is that you know you're going to lose some water rate that's that's the best benefit I could give you but obviously long term that's not going to help you long term because you're going to eat a little bit more carb hydrate at one time the water weight's going to come back on and that causes that fluctuation yeah I mean keto I think keto's who had its moment I don't think it's necessarily on the pedestal that it used to be right but maybe talk about some of the findings that we're now seeing surrounding keto that maybe we didn't know five ten years ago and why it's not sustainable for a long duration well there's a couple things that came from a dietary standpoint so whether they came out you know recently but I feel like dietitians have always known for a mainstreet for a year the keto diet so we'll start off first with cholesterol I mean I could have I could have a client that has high cholesterol and they go on the keto diet and I would tell them if there's anybody that shouldn't be on the diet it's you right because a true keto diet is around 80% is fat 80% so a lot of people would tell me oh well I'm just having you know monoun saturated or polyensaturated you know the quote unquote healthy fats but still with every monoun saturated or polyensaturated you're still getting saturated fat and that's what contributes to LDL and high cholesterol so that's probably the the first thing that comes to mind is that you have to be very careful of your risk of cardiovascular disease high cholesterol and so on and then the second would definitely be digestion I had never met somebody on keto that didn't have digestive issues because of the amount of fat that they were consuming and it just there's not enough of a balance and we need to provide our body with enough nutrients and my growing nutrients to have proper digestion so to be having majority of your diet as fat is just it's detrimental for long periods of time yeah for those of those out there who aren't a keto diet who have had success you know before you come with the pitchfork you know I think I think it's important to note that everything in moderation and everything is case by case and every single body out there is different somebody could have success with keto somebody could feel the worst they've ever felt in their entire life on keto same for gluten-free same for plant-based etc it's really about finding what works for you and learning more about your personal body as opposed to you know seeing what's working well for others you know we talked about glucose and and how carbs react in the body so right now a big topic in industry is avoiding glucose bikes so we are seeing people walk around with monitoring devices I think it's you know I think it's great that these devices are now widely becoming widely available to the general population however like anything right are we over monitoring at this point so you know let's let's talk about why we need glucose spikes throughout our day but it's right now I feel like we're seeing some people wearing some of these devices and again they're great devices and it's great to have access to that information but it seems like some people are saying well I'm trying to keep my glucose here and for those who aren't watching my hand is just going into my mind right let's talk about why glucose you know kind of the hills and valleys aren't important throughout anyone's day right so that's what normal digestion of a carbohydrate is so if anybody's confused out there you should be eating a carbohydrate it should be spiking and then with time it does go back down it might go into a little bit of valley but then you eat again and then it spikes again so it's a very normal response but spike means that it could be within the normal limits it's not meaning that it's going to 300 because you just ate something I mean at that point you might have an issue with pre-diabetes or you are diabetic so it is important to have those spikes because that's what helped you with if you're an athlete and you're training again with a normal limits as well as just an everyday person like we talked about before it helps with your daily activities your brain function so when you have that spike you're able to to move you know just to carry out your basic needs that you need to throughout the day if you were to be in a constant valley you wouldn't be healthy right there's no balance there so what I always tell my clients when it comes to blood sugar is that we learn you know when to eat carbohydrates what to eat it with and then from there you know they don't need to know the specifics about the number but if somebody does have a glucometer I mean they can use it as a learning tool but they shouldn't be obsessing over the numbers you know I had a conversation prior to this podcast about you know you're you're seeing exactly that you're seeing people where these devices right and it's now kind of causing them to spin out a little bit and I think that's kind of the trend we've seen I'm not going to name devices but just the rise in wearable technology over the last few years it almost adds more stress right so what is a pattern that you've seen and what advice have you given to clients who maybe have access to this device or maybe any device you know not allowing that to kind of tail spin them out in terms of focusing on their journey yeah that's a great question I mean personally I don't have any tools or devices I've given out but I have what I think is a super slow up is using like a calorie tracking app and then from there you know I have this kind of talk of this is your learning tool we're learning about what you're eating it's a way that you can track and then I can see on the other end but it's not about the calories it's not about the number but still at the same time I mean you're human you're still going to reflect almost number so it it actually takes quite a few sessions and conversations to kind of talk them through and especially when they see results as well that okay I can focus on what I'm eating and not the specific number in the app and I will still see the result I want so sometimes it's not just that one conversation that I have with clients it's often time a couple because when they're coming to me they most likely have disorder eating patterns which adding a tracker into it can be difficult so sometimes I take all of that away and I just say let's just journal and let's just focus on that just keep it basic you know oftentimes with these glucose monitors too you know people are posting them to their stories or sharing them on Instagram right um they're saying oh my gosh I just ate this and look where I'm at I'm like well did you need to eat that at that time so let's talk about timing the best time to consume carbs so maybe yeah if you were going to go back and sit at your desk they do need you know the bagel maybe not but let's let's segue into the consumption of carbs and how that plays a role and and your schedule of the day so historically the American diet has had a good portion of let's say carbs in breakfast right should this be more of a mid-dane inclusion dinner end of day and then where does that play a role in an athlete schedule so one let's just talk about timing of carbs when should you be consuming carbs based off of your activity level right okay so I believe it or not I don't have a talking general there is no specific time however what I like to talk about is consistent carbohydrates so out the day at your meals at your snacks and then pairing them with protein and fats to help stabilize your blood sugar and that's what's going to help you not spike as high is what you're coupling that with so it is very important to really focus on more so the portion you know maybe the frequency you're having it not so much the time because a lot of individuals say well I can't have them in the morning and well you just fasted all night long you need to have carbohydrates in the morning or I can't have them at night well did you eat enough throughout the day you know are you wanting to eat a large portion size of carbohydrates that night because you were lacking throughout the day how much are you having right before bed so there are a lot of questions that come with that but generally throughout the day you should be having carbohydrates meal snacks watching your portion sizes as well as kind of coupling them like I said with protein and fats and keeping as you said earlier keeping glucose in the body not letting yourself not letting the gas tank hit you basically exactly yeah you don't want that you mentioned you know if somebody is fasting do they want to maybe does that first meal that they have do they want to kind of be a little less generous with the carbs or do they want it to be a heavy carb meal when they're first breaking fast so if you are on e right if you're very very low and glycogen do you want to kind of go into that with your kind of I'm not going to say refute meal but your first meal back after fasting do you want that to be higher in carb or do you want to be somewhere in the middle I would still suggest somewhere in the middle again that's individual based on how we digest and absorb carbohydrates but if you think all right great I just fasted so I get to eat all these carbs now that's where the unhealthy relationship comes into place so being really mindful of why you're doing that does your body need it what is your training maybe you're not training are you going to go sit for hours you know a lot of variables there as well what about refueling after activity level let's talk about whether that's a strength training session for an hour in the gym versus you know maybe something a little bit longer like a two hour or on or cycle you know how should we be implementing carbs to refuel after workouts yeah great examples because athletes are going to need more that are more endurance sometimes my athletes are obviously feeling as you probably know feeling during your runs and things like that once it exceeds a certain time but it is very important to have a generous amount of carbohydrates after endurance training that's for sure but I think we're a lot of people go wrong when they're training as that you know you could work out for like an hour and a half I mean you're taking rest which is great right that's great for a high-perchrophy but at the same time you want to be careful that you're not going to say oh well I just worked out now I get to have this huge again full of pasta because I just have that but maybe weren't as active as you were should you be eating yes of course you're eating carbohydrates but again having that balance and you know having a balance plate rather than thinking like oh I'm going to go have like five bowls of cereal because I lifted so heavy now maybe we should have some chicken some you know carbohydrates whether that's a potato rice you know some good complex carbohydrates as well as vegetables let's talk a little bit about refeed days you and I spoke about this right so for example you know there are some people out there who will be very very low carb six days of the week and then that seventh day maybe that's a Sunday let's say they are eating a tremendous amount of carbs throughout the day is that beneficial how does one really kind of understand if they should be implementing a refeed day again you mentioned there is a significant difference between going low carb right versus going no carbs so kind of tell us what does refeed mean because I feel like that's a word that's used a lot and you know is is a refeed day completely necessary dependent on which type of diet you're on yeah so refeed day is basically having glucose to replenish your glycogen store so having more carbohydrates again differentiate between an athlete and endurance athlete or somebody who's training or like triathlon you're going to need some days where you're going to carabob and it prepare for you know your event to increase your performance or enhance that so I think that's very important to differentiate between somebody who's following a low carb diet or keto diet yes you can indulge in a refeed day but also being cautious of how much you need based on your training and what you're currently doing so it definitely depends on your training and your intensity duration for sure yeah it's a great point I also think we would be remiss if we left out cheat days right they cheat day. cheat days this has been around for a long time certainly as long as I've been working out um man where do we start with this one because cheat days cheat days are funny right because same thing if you've stayed super super disciplined throughout your week you did not allow yourself one single like chocolate chip like you didn't do anything out of the the routine and now again maybe I feel like Sunday's a big one right decision the fall it's like football Sundays they're getting all the food but you know tell us how you know maintaining discipline for those six days of the week and then having a 5,000 plus calorie day on a Sunday can have an impact on those six days that you would just work your ass for right yeah so cheat days they're not my thing and I don't recommend them because you can very easily put all of the work you done you know from say it was Sunday you did from Monday through Saturday you ate on this really low calorie diet or you you really stuck to your meal plan and then on that Sunday you have a good like we said 5,000 calories right you could very easily go right back into calorie maintenance just from a cheat day and the biggest reason why I don't love cheat days do I think you should enjoy a meal yes I think you should again being really cautious of that as well as how much you're having but two days essentially it creates on unhealthy relationship with food because if somebody who plans a cheat day then has something you know they're not supposed to have throughout the week they're gonna think man I failed oh I can't believe I did this I didn't do this on my my cheat day what can I do that's gonna help negate and that's where that unhealthy relationship with food comes so two days are I understand why people want to do cheat days and they want to be super strict and then they want to enjoy themselves on you know whatever day but again it just doesn't give you that healthy relationship with food and I always like to tell clients like what if you had an event on Saturday and not Sunday like that and it disrupts their whole diet and their whole mentality and they literally go into a panic mode because they think like oh my god I can't eat anything when I go to the event but Sunday I'll save everything for Sunday and it's like that's not living your life yeah absolutely that's kind of where the 80 20 comes into play right just maintaining you know your discipline diet making sure you're getting in a well rounded healthy diet your fruits your veggies your proteins etc yes your carbs right and then you know 20% of the time maybe it's maybe it's 90 10 for some people right you've been doing it a little bit longer right yes but for beginners you know that 80 20 like be proud of that 80% and allow yourself to have you know a little treat on a Tuesday night or you know a Thursday afternoon it's certainly gonna you know help with your success as opposed to going down that 5,000 calorie tunnel on a Sunday afternoon that's what diet culture really does miss is that you know we're so obsessed with restricting while we're eating but the most successful I see with my clients is when they start to allow foods they no longer obsess about them there's no more rules no guidelines they eat them when they want in their journey but they also at the same time prioritize nutritious foods and they don't have to worry about cheat days or diets because they know they can have them so that pressure is off absolutely I think this trends is transitions it's very well into our third and final topic for today healing your relationship with food and emotional eating so making as a dietitian you help others have a healthier relationship with food and their bodies by educating the importance of feeling their body rather than restricting exactly as you just said I think it's a great point diet culture is made as believe that achieving our dream physique can be done by punishing our bodies let's talk about some of their realistic reasons as to why people don't see success with their goals and what they can change or implement to hit those benchmarks I think we just covered a little bit about it right you know that 80, 20 you know kind of avoiding the traditional cheat day but first let's define emotional eating you know what is a common way of eating you see with chronic dieters who have trouble achieving their goals right so a lot of times when a client approaches me they start talking about the diets that they've done and what they don't realize is that they will try and you diet with literally 20 new rules to follow nothing that they want to do but they just want to incorporate it for weight loss and then they sweep all of their emotions to the side and under the rug so when they do finally fail at their diet you know okay I will say some do succeed but you know for the majority that you fail at some of these fat diets they're really upset and they don't understand why but they never addressed the reason why they're eating and oftentimes that's due to emotion so emotional eating is eating due to your current emotional state and that could be well and if it's eating towards your emotional state it's you're really ignoring your physical hunger you're not really in tune with are you hungry are you full you're probably eating past fullness you're probably eating because maybe you're bored you're stressed so out of emotion but at the same time I think a lot of people don't realize what emotional eating is they go oh I don't have that well again emotions are like boredom and stress right so it is very important to recognize that you know we're all susceptible to it but what extent do we do it and has that kind of been hindering our weight loss in our goals yeah I feel like almost in a way emotional eating has become kind of like a like a joking like a running joke right it's like oh it's fine I'll just I'm just gonna go emotionally right exactly I feel like I feel like we've all used at some point right certainly years ago but I mean one how do you really start to take this seriously right or how do you kind of you know do the work that says well yeah I actually am emotionally eating right and then too you know what are the steps that someone can begin to take to break this habit so what are some recommendations that you have yeah so the awareness part of it again will always be journaling I had somebody tell me one time what I love is you know if you were to journal your whole day and your habits and then you were like well this is why I'm not productive it's because of these habits so let me change them and then you work on them because now you're aware of them and then you create this day and usually you're doing again and you're very more productive and that's because of your journaling it just creates that awareness so if you are emotionally eating you should be journaling what you're eating and then the why behind it and then the scenario so once you have that awareness say a great example is your artwork you're at your 95 and it's gosh I remember these days there were like three o'clock and I was tired I was exhausted I was stressed and I wanted to talk that I wanted candy I wanted an escape but to me I would just eat it and not recognize like that's because of all the emotions so when you do finally pinpoint that scenario you then can change it so maybe you're changing your behavior so instead of getting up to get you know a piece of chocolate from the cafeteria you pack yourself a healthy snack but maybe it does include a little bit of chocolate chips so you still can get your chocolate fix so again kind of having that awareness to kind of pinpoint the why problems solve and then you know implement that habit change I found too it's important to start to understand how you feel after you eat something and so for instance if it's three o'clock in the afternoon and you did have say a candy bar instead of I'm not going to say apple because I feel like that was just so aggressively if it's like well I don't want to talk about it I don't want an apple and I want my candy bar well okay let's maybe like a vanilla bar is like some chocolate in the ass. Yeah there we go you know the vort that granola bar versus you know a straight up candy bar well how did you feel after the candy bar right did you actually get where you were looking for and the answer is probably not maybe for a couple minutes but like how did you feel in the next 30 to 45 to hour right so talk about that a little bit about gaining that intuition of understanding how you're feeling after consuming specific foods right oftentimes going now you're aware that your emotional eating then that's the next layer to it where if you're during lying and you write something down usually until my clients write before and then after what's the after state and allow the times it'll be like I felt really terrible and I felt like I failed myself so through their journey of recognizing that behavior they get to learn like all right that's a behavior I don't want to continue because I just didn't feel great after and it wasn't just physically it was mentally because you know you weren't taking care of your body so it is very very important to be kind to yourself to have a lot of grace because this journey could take several years to accomplish but once you do understand your behaviors in your emotions and how you feel after eating certain foods or maybe you did something for yourself where you didn't eat that we're talking about talk about right you went for the granola bar instead you'll be a lady you'll be so excited and you'll want to continue your journey so that's a whole emotional piece that is so important with everyone's diet I mean I don't care who you are it's so important to kind of recognize you know that our emotions are very closely tied to our grace and patience they're equally at play when it comes to nutrition habits right similar to you getting into a solid gym routine maybe you're going around your first mile or you know squat for the very first time it's not gonna happen overnight or you're gonna have mistakes along the way and again practicing that grace and patience it's it's gonna go a long way you know you mentioned food playing in a planar role mental health and I want to dig into that a little bit before we go into our our final piece for today you know how can food play a part in mental health and also kind of inflammation as well I think obviously those are two very different topics but you know how can you know a diet that perhaps is causing you to live in this constant state of inflammation how can that also play into one your physical health and then to your mental health right of course so I mean if you have a diet filled with processed foods and lots of sugar is you're gonna have more inflammation in the body our body digest you know natural sources of foods vegetables proteins whole grains with much more ease than something that is processed so it is very important to recognize that when you're having something that's filled with vitamins be vitamins vitamin C you know ADEK all your fat soluble vitamins your body is going to digest it you're gonna feel good it's gonna be able to then you know go to its primary source of being able to reduce inflammation especially like a fruits and vegetable diet why talk about micronutrients so much and all the vitamins is that we don't realize that that's how we can heal ourselves and that nutrition really can be the source of you know a lot of our ailments that we do need but it is very important to realize that you know inflammation and especially mental health they're saying can all reside in the gut so if you aren't eating things that you know do that wonders for your body like that processed food or all that sugar and actually can impact your mood that my body connection and then therefore as well then you eat something maybe again quote unquote off limits and then from there it causes more inflammation and negative cycle yeah absolutely and there's there's a reason doctors today you know especially doctors dealing with cancer patients right there and they're advising that they seek out you know diets that aren't going to cause inflammation they're telling their patients really cut sugar processed sugar from their diet so let's let's talk about sugar I think that's an important piece too and let's talk about the difference of sugar coming from your apple versus sugar coming from that candy bar right um there's processed sugar and then there's obviously natural sugar I think there are a lot of people out there like oh my gosh I can't have fruit no eat fruit right so let's dive into this a little bit yes that's probably the biggest misconception is that all sugar is bad but there are different types of sugar so will your body respond to processed sugar and fruit sugar the same probably you're probably gonna have a spike it's gonna respond you know pretty identically however how it's digested in the body and how it treats you is a very different thing so I love when I have clients coming to me and they tell me that they haven't had fruits in years and I like guess what like you're gonna start eating fruits again and we're gonna take out the processed sugar that's in your diet because they'll say oh I'm not gonna do any sugar I'm not gonna do any fruit and they won't have fruits and vegetables because that's an easy habit change for them because they haven't been having fruits and vegetables for years but then everyone's in a while they'll fill you know that that urge or temptation to food they'll you know fall to that and then they'll have something that's processed and I say again we're gonna prioritize the fruits and vegetables the sugar that's naturally you know able for your body to digest you know efficiently compared to something that is processed and again that's that mind body connection where like you feed your body good food you will respond really well and then you'll feel good and then that's what helps you continue with your journey and what does process mean to you I feel like there are a lot of people out there they don't understand you know well what does that mean I know it's it's not a term that I love to use because use the role we will find a nutrition we would learn that like a bag of spinach is processed because it was taken anything rinse and then put it in a bag it's frozen like everything's processed but obviously you know fruits and vegetables like that we live with some type of processed foods within our diet that is still considered healthy but things that are all process and manufacture you know whether it's in a plan or a base whatever it is that's where I kind of draws the line where it again something manufactured in a lab compared to something that's grown in a field that it's very different vary degrees of being processed right I piece of candy versus a piece of fruit you know I always like to look at it well did it come from the earth I forget about that that's forget about the fact of what happened from that farm versus your table that's a whole difference subject that we'll save for another time you know especially by country right but you know did it come from a tree the ground etc and asking yourself that question it's like just kind of almost kind of helps people realize like oh like yeah this is considered a whole food you know this came from you know agricultural farms came from a tree this came from bush etc versus was it chemically or genetically modified in order to create this piece of food that I'm putting them to my body yes exactly I love them okay awesome great stuff we're going to try out a mini segment at the end of this episode we're doing some rapid fire falcer fact with Nikki I'm going to list out 10 statements she's going to state whether those are falc or fact and give a brief explanation behind those because those those social media trolls out there where we we know you're coming for it so number one Nikki breakfast is the most important meal of the day now you start out with the best one that's my favorite I'm going to say fact with explanation I don't believe any meal is the most important but I think so many people stop eating breakfast again for reasons to lose weight and not really think about how can I am I diet provide my body with new trends so I love breakfast because when I introduce breakfast back into my clients day then they have a healthier relationship with food number two carbs lead to weight gain yeah I'll keep this short that's false number three eating right before bed can lead to weight gain false four are all artificial sweeteners are bad false five restricting calories leads to weight loss so hmm just a little sentence here so yes technically true fact right however there are many other variables number six hydration has nothing to do with weight loss that's false seven all diets are bad that's false eight stress is not impact weight loss it's very false extra false nine losing weight just means eating less false 10 high protein can help with that burn fact we love protein here we love protein so the body of the comment is presented by protein today's episode is brought to you by feast box meats the feast box protein pack presented by body of the link calm contains high quality protein delivered right to your doorstep we're talking locally sour beef chicken and pork that is fully cooked sauce and season just re-heat and it's ready to eat in two minutes the protein pack promises a healthy easy solution for hitting your macros weekly meal prep and providing a clean energy source for you and your family start your order now at bodybuilding.com you know making before we wrap here you know a number four really caught my eye all artificial sweeteners are bad I think this kind of plays into our process conversation right talk about artificial sweeteners we're seeing a ton of new ones out there I think in the last couple years too maybe not new but maybe it becoming a little more mainstream right we're seeing stevia we're seeing a monk fruit we're seeing a couple others right can you break those down a little bit what should people perhaps be avoiding what do you consider it is like an okay you know especially if you know maybe it's like you're putting it in a drink and that you have twice a week versus having it in every single week break those down a little bit perfect so anything that's derived from a plant I'm okay with right I'm perfectly fine with that it's the other ones that can have adverse effects and you know some of my clients who have some type of artificial sweeteners like sugar alcohols can experience a lot of GI distress I think that's something really important to look at in your diet if you're having some digestive issues but if you're having things every once in a while it's perfectly fine like you said twice a week not a big deal especially even if it is in our official sweetener that isn't quote unquote like the best but if you're going to be having a little bit more often I think the plant derived ones are definitely the way to go and what are some of the plant derived ones like this the stevia the trivia a lot of the ones they'll have a little usually have a little leaf on their package there you go look at the leaf are really good yeah it'll tell you if it's derived from a plant it will definitely be on the label and I think that's important to know but I don't know I am a dietitian that believes in sugar and not so much artificial sweeteners like I want you to enjoy your food I want you to have sweets I want you to have things that you think are off limits but more so I want you to focus on your portion size and how often you're having it because you can have food and like we said it's so important to you remember that in any journey you're in focus on what you can have what you can have and when you want to enjoy something you can enjoy it that's a great note for us to and on today Nikki thanks so much for stopping by thanks for shedding light and some long time controversial topics not only in our community but you know in the world of health and wellness tell our listeners where they can follow along for more info so my socials are at Nikki I'm just gore the dietitian we also have a website my husband and I as previously discussed he's also a bodybuilding.com athlete and that would be the RD and CPT.com you can find lots of good information and like we said before that's where I like to my blog post and just kind of get some sound nutrition advice in the world rather than whatever revolves in the social media great thanks so much Nikki yeah thank you for having me thanks for tuning in to another episode here at bodybuilding.com stay tuned for more stories along the way conf