Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What's up, bodybuilding.com. Miss Neres, my name is Danielle Bitz, and today I'm joined by Rachel Marriotti. Rachel is a licensed mental health therapist here in New York City as well as professional fitness coach. Her main focus in mental health treatment is building habits in order to grow mental resilience while addressing the physical and spiritual side of a person's being. Rachel began her work in a psychoanalytic clinic setting, treating patients with depression and anxiety. While in pursuit of her license, she started her own practice called mental hygiene, which is focused on building habits around mindfulness, emotional awareness, and breaking down negative beliefs through understanding words and reactions. She's been featured in Women's Health as a Mental Health Expert, was hired by Nike to speak on the Mind Body Connection, as well as by Athleta as a Mental Health Advisor for their Women's Online Community. Rachel has her master's degree in applied psychology from NYU and an NCSF certification in personal training. Rachel, welcome to the B become podcast. Thank you, Danielle. For the conversation that we have today. Yeah, I'm looking forward to this conversation. We had a good phone call before this, so I'm looking forward to it. Yeah, absolutely. I was telling you, we've worked with a number of your colleagues at Body Building so far, shout out to Gabe, and Megan and a couple others of the crew. So I decided to bring you in, excited to introduce you to our audience. I think we have something really valuable for everyone listening out there today. Agreed. Let's get into it. When we first spoke a couple of weeks back, you were telling me a little bit about these six pillars of wellness that you typically like to start out with when you have a new client or athlete that you're working with. What are these six pillars, and how did they really affect our daily well being? Let's break those down. Yeah, so to clarify, the six pillars is an assessment tool I use for mental hygiene clients. Not for personal training clients. And really, I'm not telling people what to do with these six pillars. I'm more so gaging their expectations around where they're at. And the six pillars are exercise diet and sleep, are the first three, and then relationships, mental health, and purpose are the latter three. So the first three are really looking at the body, and how a client who's wanting to work on a specific area of their mental health, how they're handling their body. And what their expectations are, and I have them rate each pillar one to ten. So it just gives me, it's really, it gives me a sense. This is done on the first session, and it gives both of us a sense of, okay, actually, didn't realize I could spend more time in my relationships, or I can, I didn't realize how much I wasn't connected with my purpose. Meaning, my work, or my general life purpose, which many of us seem to lose sight of that, we value our work so much. That it becomes our, or it feels like it's our entire self-worth, and we're spending less time being present in other areas of our life outside of work. So the latter three pillars are really where more sensitive, important conversations come up, the body side of the being is also important, and there's some information in the sleep before losing sleep, usually it's tied to our mental health, what's keeping you up at night. So it's just a gauge of how someone's handling their life. And I guess I never called it six pillars of wellness, but you can consider it that, but I don't strictly label it that. You hand in a couple minutes ago, you said, we put a lot emphasis on exercise and work. Is that typically the same pattern that you're seeing a lot with the clients that you're working with, where are those six pillars are, they spend a majority of their time, and where do you try to really coach them and guide them and to spend in a little more time? I think it's not an over exaggeration of people working out too much when we fill out the six pillars, or at least I don't see people rating themselves too low. Generally, everybody I talk to is in a good mental space and meeting their expectations with their exercise and diet. I've had a few clients who are maybe a little too extreme with their food and that ties into the mental and ties into other really ties into other areas of their life. When it's all said and done, when we're being extreme with food, but yeah, the purpose pillar and the relationships pillar where we spend the most time usually, and mental health is kind of reefliction of those things. Can you give us an example of maybe a recent client and the process that you typically follow? Sure, let me think of the most recent one is someone who does overwork themselves. He's a doctor and he has his own practice and he's running into a new situation. His exercise diet and sleep are actually in a great place, but there's some road bumps happening in his work and it's causing more resistance and not conflict, but stress in his family. So that's when we focus more on present thinking and understand, okay, well, where are the thoughts coming from and are they too extreme? Can we dial them down a little bit in order to handle the moment and a high stress to work environment? But another example is a woman I started talking to who's on the social front can, she's yearning for more social connection, just based on her environment, not as many, she's not a New York city, she's in Canada, but you know, she's more socially isolated. So her connection is through the internet really. And you know, it ends up tying into mental health. You start spending so much time with yourself. You spend more time in your head. You compare yourself to other people on social media and in those cases I see diet and exercise and sleep in a good place because if those aren't in a good place then everything is starting to lose its stability. So usually when, so there are a couple flags that I see when exercise diet and sleep are in a great place, it's still a yellow flag to me. I'm like, okay, well, this is stable. Something else is unstable. That's not always the case, but I'm starting to form that theory. Awesome, yeah, in the clients that you typically work with, what are some of the blockers that we're running into the most? Is it anxiety? Is it depression? Is it more so just dealing with everyday life and learning how to truly balance, right? And we like to throw around the same work-life balance, right? You can also argue that there is no such thing. We're kind of, there's no such thing. There's a sweet and there's a such thing. But in the United States there's such a thing. Exactly, so how, especially in the United States, how do we begin to even kind of cope with the overwhelming daily lives that we've kind of embedded ourselves in? Well, New York is just completely abnormal place to live. And people come here because they want to work and they want to further their curious. So there's already a mindset that you buy into. And so I don't really compare New Yorkers to everyone else, but there are bigger general trends. I think, to go back to your question, anxiety is what I see more than depression with my clients and with myself. I've maybe that's a Vibe attracts your tribe type of thing. I talk about mental health on Instagram. I have a certain way of talking about it. I have certain experiences and therefore, garners are certain audience that reaches out to me who maybe end up want to do mental hygiene sessions. But generally, I see more anxiety out there than depression. That's just what I see. But I look at it as a positive thing. People do want to better themselves. And with that comes anxiety. I mean, if you want to better your career, if you want to be better than the next person, you got to start working harder and you got to start going into unknown territory with what you're doing with your life. And that's a recipe for anxiety. But it's useful. And I know we'll talk about athletes, athletes having anxiety, but it's very channeled. And there's a lot more pressure. And there's a goal. There's a cleared role, which is different than life. There's no clear goals with once you get out of college, unless you are a doctor. Right. You say mental hygiene, and that's the name of your private branding, right? So why mental hygiene? Why not? What led you to mental hygiene as the naming convention? I started mental hygiene in 2017 when I was at the clinic. And hygiene was the first word that came into my mind. And I'm leaning actually more toward mental resilience now. But mental hygiene is hygiene, as you would think of it for your physical hygiene, or things that human beings have discipline themselves to do in order to... In order to... Yeah, I mean, I mean, 300 years ago, where we brushing our teeth, I don't know. Maybe we were, but dental hygiene has certainly become a discipline, because we've recognized that it actually impacts our health. But we actually had to train ourselves to brush our teeth. At one point, we weren't brushing our teeth. And maybe in other areas of the world, they still don't do that. I mean, but things like that, and taking care of your skin, and taking care of your physical hygiene, taking showers. I mean, I know these are very rudimentary things now, because we can laugh at them now. But what about our mental side of things? You know, our brains are now computing far more content and information now than we were five years ago, 10 years ago, 50 years ago. We're way more connected. So where's the discipline? Are we going to be 50 years behind? Who wants to learn this first? So we can survive longer at a better quality. I'm signing me up. Same. So I think that's what I've been curious about since I moved to New York, really. I mean, I moved to New York, and I was like, whoa, there's a lot more people here. This is a lot of stimulus from where I move from where, from Ohio. Yeah. Shout out to Midwest people. More at simple. And there probably is a better quality of life. But I chose not to do that. And I stuck it out. I'm still here for 13 years. But I think for the better. But I realized that that made me really curious about just human interaction, human behavior, and psychology. And I learned more about my own mental health through my behavior and my body through working out and going to the extremes of it, going to the extremes of diet, and physically being burnt out from it. I was also in my 20s. Everybody does dumb things in their 20s. So I give myself some slack there. And if you're in your 20s screwing up your nervous system, I think it's normal. I don't think it's normal when you reach your late 20s and your early 30s considering maybe we're growing up a little bit later now. The end of adolescence is technically now 25, not 19. And that's been said by psychologists, not just making that up. So there's societal shifts that cause us to develop a little bit later. And maybe we have more time to screw up, which is good. But when I was in my early 20s, it was so extreme that it was damaging. Eating disorder, just very extreme thinking. There's no room for middle ground. So it's a lot of negative thinking. And the high high anxiety can lead to depression. And especially that layered in with loneliness and inconsistency with friendships and specifically in the city can feel really depressed. So the way I handled it was exercise and diet, but too extreme. And that eventually, and this is how this is really formed for me. It was my relationships, but really my purpose that led me to some kind of stability. And then I was able to be like, OK, I can actually be a little bit more gentle. I actually feel like I can be more gentle. I feel more safe to not be so hard on myself with extreme thinking about food or extreme thinking about working out. And I think I really have made a leap in the last two years. So and that came with a lot of, I think, in some ways, spirituality, I moved out of New York and came back. And that gave me a lot of perspective. And a lot of perspective about people, my energy, about fitness, and moved to South Florida, which was very fitness-oriented city. But for a different reason, it's not to blow off your stress and to numb yourself. It's because people actually enjoy fitness. And they want to move their body. And they just want to feel the pain of them. And they want to work out six hours a day. And I actually think that six hours is way healthier than the two hours that New Yorkers want to crush themselves. And maybe things are changing. And I'm holding this earlier period of my New York lifestyle and kind of conflating that with what I see in the fitness industry. I think people are generally more balanced. But I still see an over-exertion of the nervous system, just visually. And it's too much. Yeah, you may have added point. I mean, anxiety translating to very intense balance of exercise, very intense balance of movement, just to sort of kill that voice, die that voice down a little bit. And just go for a long run. OK, I feel better. Great. I got a quote unquote. I got the demons out. How does someone begin to recognize that that is anxiety? Maybe they don't even realize that they're overworking in their outworking themselves to just the point of pure physical and emotional exhaustion at the end of the day. How do they really begin to take a step back and realize why, what's feeling that? That's a great question. And I hope I can answer it clearly to get maybe got some people to balancing out their physical body in their mental state. It's not always clear, though. I think if there's negative thinking or fear driving you to the gym, even if it's just a little bit, and these come down to the automatic negative thoughts, we call them ants. And this is coming from another psychologist that calls them ants, automatic negative thoughts, that if there's a little bit of fear driving you to the gym or doubt about your body, you need to take more time for your mental health and not numb your mind at the gym as much. I mean, I don't have that fear. I haven't had that fear going to exercise in the last, at least two years. And maybe even longer. And that's a blessing. Because there are always doubts and body image conflicts that I've had, even if they became more subtle, I could recognize when they were not existant. And you can observe how you go about your diet also because it seems like those are paired up, exercise and diet are paired up in the fitness industry a lot. So that's when I think you can start to understand, OK, maybe I could pay a more attention to mental health. And there's a professor in New York, his Alan Watkins. He is a TED talk. It's from like 2017. I watched it a few weeks ago. I don't know a lot about this guy. He said something very important in this TED talk was that in terms of emotional awareness and the importance of it is that we will numb ourselves first by going out on the weekends drinking. I mean, that used to be kind of a culture and it still is. And it's fun. You know, the work culture has changed, but people go numb themselves by binge drinking on the weekends. And then it turns into you become obsessed with work. Or you start to distract your mental health with work or sex or working out. You go to the gym, pump some weights, and your mind becomes numb. It's not meditation. It's not mindfulness. Yes, you might be present when you're working out. And I think it's great. Honestly, we should all work out the adequate amount to take care of our health. But I think it's good to start questioning, OK, well, how much are we spilling over into numbing, maybe what we could be thinking about a little bit more, which is our emotional health. And as it relates to our relationships and our own self, our own self worth being OK with what you have right now. And knowing that there's plenty of possibilities and opportunities out there, too. Move your life in the right direction on the spectrum of time. Right. We talk a lot about aesthetic driven goals. We talk a lot about body dysmorphia, specifically, and probably can pertain to a lot of our listeners out there, who may have experienced it in the sport of bodybuilding. Or maybe just as athletes in general, and this is going to start to shift our conversation into more athletics. How do we get to a point where we're not purely training for the figure that's looking back at us in the mirror, right? And when we're sitting in there in the gym, and how do we begin to differentiate a performing body versus maybe a quote unquote aesthetically pleasing body, because those two aren't mutually exclusive to be able to perform and be a top of the line marathon runner or triathlete or cross-fitter or bodybuilder. That's that say bodybuilding, right? Let's say it's performing sports, right? You're going to need to focus on performance over aesthetics in order to get the glute strength that you need to be a premier cyclist, to get the course strength that you're going to need to be a really great swimmer, right? So how do we kind of begin to differentiate the line between training for performance and training for aesthetics and without getting too wrapped up in aesthetics when performance is the goal? Yeah, it's a really good question. And the first thought that came to my head was that we as human beings, especially given our media structure, we all have a hard time living in ambiguity. It's really difficult for someone's mind to be saying, I want to be strong, but I also want to be for women. I want to be lean and slender. Right. And or I want to be the athlete that I was when I was 22 or 17 or whatever age, but I also want to look good for a partner that I'm trying to attract. So that just takes time. I think it's my message would be don't be too hard on yourself. That will all sort itself out, which doesn't really people's anxiety in the now, but I think if you sit and think about it and understand what you're saying to yourself, what's the value of trying to be like you were when you're 17 and trying to sprint as fast? It makes you feel good in the moment, but if you're on, if it feels like you're a hamster on the wheel, what aren't you looking at? And if attracting a partner is more important to you, are you ignoring yourself? And are you ignoring something? Maybe attracting a partner is more valuable to you. And maybe that's a scary thing. You're not going to figure it out by running 15 miles an hour on the skill mill. You know, it will help you feel alleviate in the moment, but when you go back home and you feel lonely, I'm referring back to my 22-year-old self. You have to sit with those thoughts and start to redirect that anxiety into, okay, I'm going to accept parts of myself and try to attract a partner if that's what I think I want and see how that feels. And I guarantee you, in that moment, you try to pay attention to the other feelings, you will feel relief. Even if it doesn't work out, there's anxiety in trying new things. I mean, the dating scene in New York is terrifying for a lot of people, but why does it have to be terrifying? It can be a new experience and in the process you are learning about yourself versus numbing yourself with work or work outs or whatever it may be. Right, and this may be talking to trainer Rachel and Coach Rachel for a second here, but I mean, it's fair to say that we have to choose between aesthetics and performance at the end of the day. So I mean, if you're going to run the New York City marathon, I mean, your body's going to do what it needs to do. If you expect to perform well and I'll use myself as an example here. I mean, 18-year-old Danielle going into a division one program and immediately putting on muscle that I didn't, I was building muscles that I didn't even know I had at the time. That way. And me being fearful during that period because seeing upper classmen at the time and seeing what they look like at 18 versus what they look like at 21 after a four-year-of-that type of strengthening and conditioning, I was scared. I was like, I don't want to look like that at the same time. This is the body. You sort of need to build to perform well on this sport. And I think I fought with your sport, self-ball. So I was a power athlete. It was about that first step. It was about getting your hips through a swing as powerful as you can. And you didn't want to look. And I didn't want to, yeah, I didn't want to quote unquote get bulky even though the term of women getting bulky is just so outdated at this time. And I think I really fought that hard. And I didn't fuel myself. I didn't feed myself the way I needed to for those four years. And I don't think I reached my highest potential because today I'm sitting here doing half ironman's and 18-year-old Danielle wouldn't even dream of doing that. And I'm feeling myself properly. I have more muscle than I did at 18-22 during that program, right? And I care a little less about aesthetics at the end of the day because I'm like, oh my gosh, look, I can go and do a half ironman for five, six hours. And my body can do these three movements for hours and hours and hours. And a more proud about that at this point than I was, you know, that I think I can say in the four years of that program because I'm just so, I guess I'm grateful that I have a body that's able to do this. And I want to continue to push the limits to see what else they can do. And worry a little less about what my body looks like in the process of doing that. Yeah, yeah, I totally understand that. And I can resonate with that a little bit being a track athlete and college sprint athlete where you really get to put on some serious leg muscle. And I was eating like, felt like a linebacker. I'm like, this is a lot. And I feel heavy and I didn't necessarily like it. And you know, 18 to 21, the scope of our long-term values is very narrow. So that's the time where you screw up and there's all these extreme thinking or extreme types of thinking. When, you know, how old are you now? 30, 30. So yeah, I think I'm 33. I know at 40 I'll have completely different views. I mean, some overlapping views and values. I'm sure. But I think as we continue down the road of time, our values become broader. And that is a relief on our nervous system. So the, you know, 20s, the 30s is extremely volatile but I see there can be a lot of room for improvement with emotional awareness. And even in our 30s, given that we are all kind of tied to social media and connection and comparison and I think managing that is important. But yeah, I think to go back to your point about aesthetics and to conflict there, the ego is very strong in early 20s and there are parts of us for me specifically, sports played into my social status. So I'm under this belief coming from my 15 year old self that if I'm good at sports, people will like me. And that was a conditioning that happened just being in middle school and high school. I saw that I became better at sports. I started making more friends. That felt good. Keep doing that. And it could be a reason why I went into fitness. I think I don't see it not tying into why I decided to choose fitness as a career because I looked at myself in my early fitness career, Instagram posting and I'm posting how I'm athletic and I'm posting. I can jump on a box that's higher than you. And I can sprint faster than you. And this became, you know, this helped my Instagram following. But you know, I don't have that many followers, but it's certainly plays with your ego all the way through your 20s. And you think this is important. I thought it was important. And maybe it is to a certain degree with business, but it's really not that important. So it's the message and the message is more important. And I found that my message earlier on in my career with fitness, which is why I went into mental health as a professional was that work out a lot and be athletic and be lean like me and be cool. That was my message, basically. And it was not healthy, you know, behind the scenes, I'm like spinning my wheels on how I'm looking and am I going in the right direction with my life and I'm feeling anxious. I'm feeling depressed. And I'm putting my extreme workouts on a pedestal like you can be lean like me. But I guess I didn't also, you know, market the fact that you will be anxious and depressed like me too if you do this. Right. So I think my bias when I look at fitness in general is that I don't think everybody's like that, but I still believe that we are overtaxing our nervous system by numbing ourselves with exercise too much. And I think it becomes an identity at a certain point, right, especially younger athletes, you know, let's talk about athletes specifically here for a second, even though we've really moved into that, you know, how in athletes mindset transitions into mental durability. And I think we're kind of talking about the negative side of it right now. So let's keep that going and then we'll flip it to the positive. If an athlete starts a sport, let's say eight or nine, they're starting early in early these days. I mean, they're combing for scholarships at 11, 12 years old. At this point. So, you know, someone starting to be crazy. Yeah, yes, let's talk about it. You know, they're starting to sport eight and nine. They're getting really, really great at the sport 10, 11, 12. Okay, 13, 14, 15, let's start recruiting. Okay, now I have to be number one because that would be sought out by the one scout that's gonna be coming here to look at thousands of athletes in a weekend. Okay, now I got into college. All right, now I have to work my way into the starting line up. Okay, great. Number one, now I want to be all American, right? Okay, now I want to go pro when I'm done with college. So this starts from such a young age. What happens when it ends? Because it will end and that's what a lot of people, younger people don't realize I didn't realize it at a certain point and became my identity. My sports certainly did. When it ends, they are facing complete mental crisis. I mean, they are experiencing, in, for lack of a better word, and identity crisis. They don't really know who they are without this sport, without the training, without somebody telling them where they have to be and when they have to be there and how much they have to practice for this one thing that they've set their sights on, right? So let's talk about that range, that time span, of where it's such a fixated duration, and then that ends, right? And what happens? So how do they transition in a normal life? Sure, yeah, well, it's something that a lot of people can relate to for sure. You know, spending that much time in a sport, I was in gymnastics at age four, and I really didn't stop sports until I was 18. And for those that are out there following that scenario, more extreme going elite, all American and pro, and then it comes to an end, I think it can end up in a crisis if there are, depending on a lot of things. I mean, if you're not emotionally aware of what's going on, you're generally not between the ages of 10 and 25, let's just call it 20, but you know, the emotional awareness aspect of the fact that this is not necessarily, how it's, this is not sustainable, this type of effort. And if you're emotionally aware of that, if you are seeing a counselor and you are seeing a therapist or one of the two, and your parents are supporting you, no matter what type of performance you come out with, that helps, but the ego in that process, if you are becoming that good, and there's not a really a lot of emotional awareness, it could end up in a crash and burn the scenario, and you know, that can get pretty ugly, but generally most people don't, you know, end up in worst case scenarios like suicide from that and such an identity shift, because they end up having something else to focus on, like work or, you know, getting a job, and then that transition is rocky, or more or less rocky for certain people. But I do think the emotional awareness and counseling through those times is very important, which is generally why we should all be going to therapist, even if we're in a more subtle transition, like going from 38 to 40, you know, or when you enter a new decade, or when you break up with somebody, or when you move to a new place, or whatever transition, when you lose somebody, there's always transitions happening, just not as greatly as that. So I think, you know, to speak to your audience, there's a lot of athletes, just recognize, you know, what parts of your ego you're still holding on to that, you can not like go of, but maybe attach to and put value to your new identity, whatever that may be, whether that's, I wanna be a good stand-up person to attract a partner or to sort of family, or, you know, I don't know what it is. I don't have the best advice here. I'm still figuring it out, my life, you know, my identity crisis right now, if you wanna call it a crisis, it's not a crisis, but I'll become, I'll become a mother in two months. Who the heck knows, I'm gonna handle that, you know? And I think, I've done a good job of letting go of my ego as an athlete, I think, I'm pretty sure. You know, I still wanna nice body after I have a kid, but I don't think I'm going, I think I value more being gentle on my nervous system than, you know, having a six pack or even just having a lean stomach, I mean, I would like to have a lean stomach after having a baby. I know that, but I don't, I don't, I think when it runs into me, having negative thoughts and me taxing my nervous system, then I'll say, okay, well, so be it, I'm not gonna have a lean stomach for another six months. I can handle that. I think I'm confident that I'll have that mindset. Just because I'm okay not being 25 anymore, you know? And you know, willing to put yourself through the stress that it would take to cut that timeline in half. So, you know, let me, let me, let me be less stressed and get to that finish line or get to that goal in six months from now, as opposed to making myself absolutely crazy and getting there three months from now. Even if that was a cheap, cheap, a one, very well could be, right? You could immediately get back out there and run yourself into the ground that would be ill advised, obviously, but you could, and I'm sure there are people out there that do it, but to have just, let's say, emotional maturity, let's say, to just take a step back and realize my body needs time to heal, my body needs time to go through this transition right now. And I'm gonna prioritize mental health over the physical right now in terms of getting back to what I'm hoping to get back to. Yeah, yeah, I think, I was thinking while you were saying that the support that I have and the support that anybody has from a partner or good friends really matters. And none of this has done alone. I mean, I think my emotional maturity is the result of taking risks to find good people to support me. So the taking risk part is anxiety, but once you verbalize where you're at in your life and you find acceptance, you can start bringing in people that can support you for who you are right now. And that does relieve your nervous system and that makes you feel safe enough where you're like, okay, I don't have to look perfect all the time. I feel, I have people that look like me, the way I'm in, the way I'm right now, that's great. So, but you have to be willing to put yourself out there and accept yourself the way you are right now to get those people in your life. I really believe that, it's all a reflection. So it's a little bit of risk taking in terms of accepting yourself. You know, yeah, absolutely. You know, not only the personal support, but also just the professional support just going back to the life of an athlete, we're seeing more and more implementation of mental health resources in the collegiate landscape. Even at the high school level, I'm even seeing it. Shout out to where I went to school after university on Long Island, they just hired their first director of mental health for their athletic department and I'm like, wow, and I just took a step back. I'm like, that's huge. Yeah, it's a big deal. It's massive. It's massive. And when one of us, you know, I experienced a couple injuries, my teammates experienced a couple of injuries and they kind of just shuffle you over into the general counseling department for the university, which is fine. It's great that that's part of their process, but to have someone in there now who has a viewpoint of the day-to-day of what these athletes are going through to really understand what it means that they're now injured. They're now taking out of this sport. They're not going to be able to physically exercise for three, four, six a year, right? That's massive. And I hope that continues. I hope we continue to see that shift at those levels. Yeah, it's all a matter of the spectrum of time that you're working with as an individual. I mean, if your anxiety is just about performing for the next three years, then the counselor is probably going to focus on the next three years versus, let me make you more emotionally mature for the rest of your life. That's not realistic. So yeah, I think, but the micro is being able to manage your mental and those micro months or years, especially when it's something as big as an injury and you can't perform super important. And that will translate into the emotional resilience and being able to shift gears in other big life transitions for sure. What's your advice for an athlete and any sport and any, let's say, level of the emotional and mental role of course, that's surely to come when they experience an injury. Everybody's going to get hurt, everybody's going to get injured at some point and it's always going to depend on what you're experiencing of how long you're going to be out. But what's the first piece of advice you have to offer someone when they get hurt and they can't do, they can't go through with their daily routine? Well, well, I, fortunately, I haven't been through any serious injury where it set me back. But the first thing that came to my head was to have, to have the support system you need. I think most people naturally seek out comfort through other people when it's something that large or significant, but to keep your mind moving, to keep your mind moving on something that you enjoy. If you're physically disabled short-term, there has to be other things that you may be interested in that may, you may find joy in. So it's all about a matter of where you put your attention. I mean, if I were to get seriously injured right now and I'm disabled, I would probably tell myself what's other things that I can enjoy with my mind and to keep my mind active and, you know, for survival reasons, but for, you know, also not, beating myself up and getting in my own head, it's all just a matter of where I put my focus. And that can be the, you know, that's the same advice that they tell somebody if they're in their own head, if they're looking at Instagram too much. It's really a matter of where you're putting your focus. You know, you can put your focus on comparing yourself, but you can put your focus on things that you enjoy too. It's harder for some people depending on, you know, their psychological profile and their time perception and all of that. But yeah, injury, you know, I've had some mental hygiene clients that have been through a long history of injury and it's some of them are chronic and it's almost become part of them that if they don't feel injured, if they don't feel somewhat not as good as the other people, then they actually lose their identity and that becomes another problem. What about something you just said remind me, I mean, what about the individuals out there who they have to feel sore? They always have to feel beat up. If they don't feel beat up and just absolutely wrecked and love those people. Like destroy my family entertainment. Seven days a week. Well, I used to be me. Maybe not seven days a week. I think more, you see more men that are kind of like this. You know, I have a couple, there are a couple colleagues that one of my colleagues at work, shout out to Jason. He works out with his buddy all the time and they're always just going hard and his friend joked around that, you know, I'm always in zone four every like 45 minutes. And they both look great. But, you know, I think to each their own, at the end of the day, if your mental is struggling, then maybe that's time to redirect some of the attention. If you wanna go hard seven days a week and you can manage doing it and you could perform that well and you can maintain good sleep and you can maintain your hormonal balance and you can maintain good relationships and you can maintain, you know, taking risks to find a partner or find new friends, then go hard seven days a week. That's amazing. Yeah, but if one of those things are starting to falter and cause issues for your mental health or your nervous system, then but you have to pay attention to these things, you know? Right, absolutely. Let's talk about the positive effects of being an athlete and transitioning into everyday life, right? You know, let's go back to the eight and nine year old who worked so long, you know, a decade plus, to become the very best that they could be at something, right? How does that translate into relationships and the workplace and just everyday life, you know, past the college level or past whatever level it is that they couldn't go or tired from? I miss the first part. How does what translate? What are the positive benefits of being an athlete and, you know, being a, okay, let's say, competitive performance athlete, right? You've gone through extreme training, you've been a part of a team dynamic. How does that translate into just normal life? Well, when you're an athlete, you have to be present. So that's a positive. You have to be present on the field that you're as Sam Harris, who's a neuroscienceist, he would phrase it, you know, when you're an athlete, you're as close to the present moment as you can be and that's the same with sex. That's why these things are euphoric and they feel great because we're so close to the present moment. So I think that's a, that's a great experience to be an athlete. When else do we get to be present? I mean, 50% of the time our attention is diverted to other things, not the present moment. That's true, it's 47%. We are not thinking about the present moment. So being an athlete automatically, I'm like, well, that's a great experience and you're moving your body and you're challenging your body. You're making it more resilient by risk taking. That's a huge positive. So automatically the body remembers that it, it has a store of that memory. And I think if that's something that you want to repeat through exercise, that could be a positive experience. It's a positive experience to challenge your body through exercise. And you can certainly be present and you keep your breath on a rhythm for 60 minutes, 45 to 60 minutes. So those are certainly positives. Maybe short-term, more short-term positives. And I think the discipline, the discipline to get yourself up and push yourself. Now, once again, going back to the subtle fear or doubt that people may have to drive themselves to the gym is not discipline. And let's be clear. If you have a little bit of fear because you're looking in the mirror and you're saying I ate too much last night, I need to go to the gym. Maybe some of that's discipline, but you're more being driven by fear. And I think it's important to distinguish that. But the people that are getting up and pushing themselves and actually balancing their zone to cardio and their strength training and their mobility. It takes discipline. And I think being an athlete, you have a coach and you have a schedule and someone pushing units. That's a big, important translation into real life and taking care of your body. Absolutely. Longer of points. Let's shift, no pun intended to the great shift. How a post-pandemic society places emphasis on longevity. Let's talk about why it's taken a pandemic for us to put a little more emphasis on longevity basic goals as opposed to performance and aesthetic basic goals. Sure, those types of goals still exist. But why are we a little less focused on burning ourselves out in our 20s, our 30s and 40s? And we're our mind is shifting to the 70s, the 80s, the 90s. What do you think has caused that shift? Well, I think the pandemic obviously was a frightening thing. To be clear, it scared the shit out of a lot of us, especially in April 2020 in New York City, specifically. I mean, I was wiping off my grocery bags and afraid I was going to kill somebody, you know? So I think just to be mindful of that, it was a scary time. But it also caused us to slow down and accelerate certain parts of our lives, the things that we may have been not paying attention to. And see what happens when the world stops, when the stock market stops, when you're sitting at home and you don't have to follow the same inertia of the day, it's an actual physical slowing down. And when you're able to slow down, then what I saw and what I did with my life, you know, when I see this with a lot of people in New New York, was they actually started to take action on the things that they've been thinking about, which is moving out of the New York, having kids traveling the world, you know, not being a super spreader, but traveling the world. And so I think that's the same thing that I'm, that's the same message that I'm trying to say of working out too much is maybe, is maybe making you overlook the moments you could be slowing down to take better care of your long-term health. But I agree with you that it's shifted our focus to longevity. They're certainly that word is popped up more. Women's health has been more of a conversation. I've heard more about periods than in the last year that I've ever heard. I can't believe I'm 33 and I'm learning more about periods and like, wow, that's just great. Yep, all new memories. How does this one goes? This information come about. I hope guys learn about it too. I think it's important. I want to learn more about men's hormonal health. But yes, I think we think more about our 70s and 80s because we were able to slow down and recognize that there are values to thinking this way. And when we're better at connecting the dots long-term to now, it's an immediate relief. You start to solidify your values and that has a big impact on our mental health. Yeah, I view it as this giant, oh shit moment, right? It was a, I mean, they're not living up to sort of my own expectations, not in an extreme manner, but also I'm doing way too much. And I was someone who fell into that category of the second I didn't have to go into office and fully remote now, shout out to PottyBillin.com. But at the time, my routine was get up at five in the morning, trying to go to the gym before I go to the office. You're in the office all day, six o'clock. You're going and doing maybe another yoga class after work. You're going to meet up with people afterwards. And you're looking at 18 hour days. And then you're getting six hours to sleep average, right? Today I get eight and a half, nine hours to sleep. And I feel the best that I have. So just I mean, just seeing shifts in sleep, habits, seeing shifts in nutritional habits. And then of course, the physical habits, too. Do I really need to be putting in 100 mile months as that necessary, right? So I like to call it the Oh shit moment for all of us collectively and just to take a step back and we need to have nine hours. Jeez, I'm jealous. I'm track it on a watch. Yeah, I have a loop. Yeah, I have a loop. Yeah, I have a loop. I try to sleep on my, or a ring. It's not a plug for them or anything. But I like tracking my sleep. No, let's get into them first. I mean, when these devices now, I mean, they have started implementing a female cycle tracking, right, administration tracking. And that kind of bug, it bothers me some reason. Why? I don't know. How can you track someone's cycle through a ring? It's just, well, it's the same as HRB, I feel. I don't feel that we're at the, let's remove the devices that we're talking about. It's like Donald's offering salads. Like, that's kind of a stretch. Yeah. Yeah. But just, I mean, accuracy aside for a moment, just the fact that the fact that you, the point that you made, right, we're talking about it now. It shouldn't have taken this long. The fact that we're talking about it, the fact that efforts are being made to help female athletes across the globe really implement this into how they go about their training schedule. And I want to talk about that. You were a really great piece recently. All you read it. Yeah, I read it. It was great. We'll link it in this episode. But it was just a really great first person experience of how the menstruation cycle impacts your daily life. Not just your training routine. I would love for you to just tell everybody a little bit about it. Well, yeah. And I don't want to lose the men here. But I think it's important that we all support each other in our own hormonal health. And guys, listen up. It's important for you. I'm not going to dive too deep here. But I think the culture of fitness has driven women to work out too much and not pay attention to their hormonal health. And now that's becoming a conversation. So it makes me wonder what's going on with men. Men have their own pressures of making more money and providing for a family. And that's the outer pressure or societal pressure that. And then I don't know in terms of body image for how it goes for men. But men have a circadian rhythm, men have testosterone, men need to have sleep. And women, we have a circadian rhythm, but we have the infrared in rhythm. This is something that I learned as of the last year. I'm not an expert here. This is coming from a podcast from Alyssa VT, who started the flow app. And I use that here on the kiss on pregnant. And what I talked about in the article was my journey in losing my menstrual cycle. So the infrared in rhythm of a woman is during her reproductive years, she has a cycle. And it's a fluctuation of estrogen and progesterone, essentially. And those things cause different energy balances. So when estrogen is rising or falling, you may feel more tired or fatigued or whatever. I don't know the exact rise and fall. But there are four phases to the cycle during a woman's reproductive years. So paying attention to that is important. And the article that I wrote was that your menstrual cycle can be your therapist if you don't have one. And a funny enough and I'm happy to have heard this from other podcasts, there's like Tim Ferris and Andrew Huberman. And they had mentioned that if you are taking care of your reproductive cycle, and I think that goes for men too, that if men have a low sperm count, maybe it's time to reassess what you're doing with your mental health and physical health. And for women, if you're not having a cycle, what's going on with your nervous system, what are areas of your health that you can focus on? And that was my therapist. That's what I said. I paid attention to my cycle. I lost it for seven years. I was overworking out. I mean, I was working out too much rather. And I was being extreme with my diet. I was doing intermittent fasting. I was doing stupid cleanses. And I didn't have a period. I was also very stressed. And I think things like irritable bowel syndrome and infertility and irregular cycle can be tied to a series of things. And some of it is genetic. I can't speak for everyone. But exercise, stressing the nervous system too much was something that I recognized in my journey. And also now being pregnant, I started ramping up my exercise again. And I like to do intense. And this is part of my ego seeing other people on Instagram wanting to compete a little bit, showing that I still got it. My doctor's like, no, it's just slow down. Just relax. And there's part of my feelings were, there was a subtle feeling of shame. And what's wrong with me that I can't work out as intensely as other people who are also pregnant, that are working out. And then I kind of came to terms with it. I'm like, there's things that I don't know. And honestly, what's the bigger problem here? What's the bigger value here? Is keeping myself healthy so I can keep the baby healthy. I mean, it's another human. And then there's also part of me that's like, I don't mind now working out, actually. But I don't want to get too cozy there. I mean, I know I'll discipline myself. But my message from that experience is that the stress of New York City and my psychological profile and maybe the added stress of walking and doing all these workouts is just too much on my nervous system. And so first came the physical adjustment, but really it's a mental adjustment too, and acceptance. So putting the devices away for a second and throwing them out the window, right? How important is body awareness, especially for women and in relation to menstrual cycles, right? Just check in with yourself, right? And I know that sounds much more easier said than done, right? But you can really start to understand the patterns of your body and what you're going through. And in week one, I feel like this and this is how I feel in between. For me, the week leading up to it, I am, it's tough to get out of bed, right? And I am sluggish and I am irritable. And I just feel huge. And everything about me just feels wrong. And I take, I slow it down, right? I just focus on some zone two. I just, I lift a little lighter. I'm not trying to do my block training, right? So I think body awareness is a huge piece there. And I think I think at times, we become a little too reliant on some of these devices as advances they are. And I've been wearing woop for three and a half years, every single day, I think I have thousands of days logged. But I think I do become a little dependent because I'll see a red and I'll say, oh, I can't, I can't go and run that seven miles today. Or, well, especially if you're iron-man training, you want to be very specific. Right, right? Or I'll see the green, but then I say, I don't, I feel awful. It says 93% but it feels awful, but I guess I have to go and push through that three hour block anyway. So how important is it to develop body awareness? Well, the thing about the wearables is if you have an OCD personality, you know what you're signing up for. So if that's part of the reason why I stopped wearing the Apple watch is because I would obsessively and just muscle memory wise, check how many, if I filled the rings. And even if I, if I didn't have it, it's just like if I didn't have ice cream, I wouldn't eat it. You know, if I didn't have it, I wouldn't check it. No. And there would be more mental peace. So I think, know yourself. If you're an obsessive type person and you know you're going to check it, well, then work with your extreme mindset when you check it. And sometimes that's the thing. If it's, you see the red, then it can be psychosomatic, then you actually feel red. That becomes tricky. And you know, if you didn't look at it and you're like, I feel green. And then you look at it and I feel red, and then you're like, well, I know I feel green because I said it before I looked at it. You know, whatever. But I think it's, it's, you know, I could tell, I've kind of, and I train myself with social media too. Like I know the times of day when I go on to social media that I'll be more vulnerable and I'll just keep comparing myself. And you know, there aren't specific times of the day. It's not like 2pm. I feel more vulnerable. It's just like, okay, I know myself and I purposely try not to look at it because I'm protecting myself. And but I also know that, okay, there's parts of being able to see the watch and understand my body at the same time is important. So it graduated exposure, if you will. Yeah, so I mean body, body awareness really translating to actually just self-awareness at the end of the day and just knowing yourself best. Right. So yeah, you've mentioned it a few times. So you're expecting congratulations. Thank you. Let's talk about it. Let's talk about it. I'm very excited to talk about it. Break it down. Seriously, you know, talk about, you know, we have here training for pregnancy and that can mean a lot of different things. Right? Or you said right before we started how about not training for pregnancy and just taking a beat, right? Tell us, I mean, just walk us through your process and just walk us through the learning experience. This is been, especially as an expecting athlete. There's so much I want to say, I'll try to make this structured. But for me, I have my own experience and that will influence my conversation here. And in my experience was that, you know, I lost my cycle and I was working out too much and then I stopped, you know, as of last year, I took some time off. I just don't, I'm not as extreme about working out and I think it played a role into me being more fertile. And I think I wasn't expecting, I wasn't planning to have a kid. And that moment happened and I'm like, it was a big decision of like, okay, well, how am I gonna prepare for this, you know, and then I accepted the fact that I'm gonna be going on this journey and then I'm like, okay, let me rent my workouts back up because I want to stay fit through this and then the doctors like, no, and so, so I'm like, okay, well, I'll just go back to not working out which helped me become pregnant in the first place and maybe that's my body. I think zooming out there's a big shift happening for women and it's, you know, there are these headlines or women are going to college more and women are becoming the breadwinners more and women are strong and strong as a new skinny and even though policy is regressing, women are becoming more aware and women's health, you know, most scientific studies that are done on medicine or generally around men and ties back to military and protecting our country and a bunch of other things that I'm probably not aware of but women's health is becoming more known and it's building on this momentum that strong and strong workout and make our money and do it all and like, wait, is that the best way? Women don't have to do it all, don't they? To be worthy, it's your meaning of life is specific to you and it doesn't have to be a breadwinner, mom that's accomplishing it all. And, you know, for me, it's less about being a breadwinner and doing it all and it's more about, can I maintain a good balance at the edges of my potential and edges of my potential, emotionally, edges of my potential professionally, edges of my potential physically without, compromising something. That balance is the challenge. And I think with women who are trying to get pregnant, understanding that background noise of women have to do it all and I have so many thoughts about mothers trying to do too much already, well, we'll see what happens. You know, I know there are a lot of alpha women that want to kind of do everything for their kid and the guys like, well, what about me? You know, I'll just go back to work. It's not like that, but I think there could be some shifts there. So, working out specifically, I think it's really dependent on what your doctor says first and tying that into your overall values of, I will first keeping the baby healthy and or if you're trying to get pregnant, are you trying to do it all? What are you trying to do too much of? And are you compromising your mental health? Are you compromising your nervous system? Do you have irregular periods? So facing some of those truths first, it's all dependent, I don't know if I answered your question, but I think the message here is be aware of the overall narrative that's happening for women and understand if you can deviate from that and still keep your balance and how that could benefit you. And looking, let's say six months from now, right? What's your mindset? Are you, is your goal to go back to be the athlete and to continue the training that you're doing pre-prignancy? Has your mindset shifted? Given sort of, let's say the downtime, right? And the downshift that you've quite honestly had, you had to experience during this time, right? Has your outlook on your personal training tendencies changed during this? Yes, my outlook on personal training for my clients has never changed. It really is about longevity and challenge. For myself, my mindset is, I'm not worried about what I look like right now. I mean, yes, it's important, but there are a lot of other things that are more important and specifically mental health. Big identity shift, I know that in the next year, two, three years, really is gonna be, I'm preparing for that of the identity shift that motherhood brings. And there are a lot of resistance, there's a lot of resistance in me, still I could feel. So that is a priority. And being present is hard when you're not accepting some of those shifts. So I think it's more about the mental side and the identity shift that's gonna happen, identity shift from my professional life for a little identity shift from how I used to perform. Body definitely goes through physical, traumatic experience, having a baby, whether it's natural birth or a C section. So it's, you know, your body can change for the long term. So I don't know, there's a bunch of unknowns that once again, like if you're injured, going back to that conversation, if you have a cute injury, it's one thing, but if you have this like longer term injury that's gonna just kinda hang around and it's gonna change how you box jump or it's gonna change how you run or you might not be able to run as far. That's a different mental shift. So I think I'm capable of the mental shift. It's just about knowing what I'm gonna be working with first. Right, kinda reintroducing yourself to, this post pregnancy body, right? And just starting to understand who am I now and what kinda one of my capable of now. Do you wanna have kids one day? I do. I do. Could you imagine having one right now? No, I can't. I can't. I might say my partner is the opposite. He is like, when you are ready, I'm ready and like that's fantastic to know, but I am not. He's the best. Yeah, you're the one that has to do it. Okay, yeah, exactly. No, I don't, you know, for me, I'm still in that mindset of, I've come to realize that it's not an end all be all. You can still be the athlete. You can still, you know, achieve the same things that you're achieving now after. I'm not as naive to that. I think I used to, I think I used to view it as, oh my gosh, I have to accomplish all these things before I even think about having kids. It's not like that anymore. I think for me, there's still, there's still just things I want to go and do without having to think about someone else first. It's kind of a silly question, but I mean, how are you going to instill movement into your child's life and how are you going to kind of set that standard or reverse set that, be that role model of movement being such an important aspect of life? Yeah, it's a great question. And I think the first thing that came to my head is that I want there just to be a lot of love and support. And that's priority, I think I want that to stay the priority no matter what. And, you know, shout out to my partner because he's very supportive. And I don't think I'd be this confident and excited if I didn't feel the support from him. So men matter and as parents, deeply, deeply matter and are superheroes also. And I think the narrative for women is driven by the media. It's also driven by women for positive reasons, but the narrative that becomes in our subconscious, especially for men might be that, you know, we'll shit, no, being a parent, I don't have to do much because the women does it all. That's not true. No, it needs to be balanced. Yep, especially for a woman's health, like be there, take, take six weeks off of work. You know, I know that sounds crazy, especially for bankers and lawyers, it sounds completely off the wall, but take that time, really take that time. And support your partner through her physical health, so she could get some sleep and so you could bond with the child. Really. So I think men are superheroes also. I don't want to discount them because it really is a team effort. And I think women can lean more into needing somebody, including myself. I hear that whole heart of them. I'm happy that you have that person because I can attest to having someone pretty great too. And shout out to Can if you're listening, you should listen, this is our podcast. No shout out to Chris. So people know his name. Thank you, Chris. Yes, Ken and Chris. Awesome. One last question, what's one piece of advice that you can give for expecting parents out there? Oh, man, I don't know. Come on, that's a big question. You're gonna end it, big. Advice for expecting parents. Wow, I mean, it's a big zoom out of life. And whether you plan it or not, I think it's such an exciting thing to happen. I mean, you're creating a human. It's insane. So I think that's just, you know, it kind of mall over that excitement and live in it because when else do we feel that excited? And that can carry into love and joy and just kind of really being present with that. I'd say don't think about the future, just be in the now and be excited about whatever you're feeling. A really great topic that we spoke about at large today. I just stayed in the present moment. Rachel Marriotti, thank you so much for taking care of you. This is awesome. Tell our listeners where they can fall along in your journey. Oh, you could follow me on Instagram, Rachel Marriotti. That's one R and two T's. And I just started to tick talk. So I talk about mental health on there with a bunch of bunnies and flowers. And it's fun. I'm more on Instagram. So if you follow me on Instagram, you can give me some love, some of your message, a follow you back. That's it. Awesome. Give our follow everybody. Next time we have you on, there's gonna be two of you here. So a pest of luck with a little bit of your journey. Congrats again and wishing you well wishes. Thank you so much. Thanks for watching. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks for tuning in for another episode of the BB Com podcast. Stay tuned for more stories along the way. Yeah. Uh-uh. Uh-uh.