Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What's up, bodybuilding, I'm Lysner's, my name is Daniel Bitz, and welcome back to the BB Compa Cast. Today I'm joined by Josh Wallen. Josh is the founder of Bloakes, a rising telehealth service geared towards prioritizing men's metabolic health. More importantly, he's a proud husband to a supportive wife, Katie, the founder of Joy, an equal partner in women's metabolic health, and is a proud dad of two. He's a former Chicago Lions rugby player who still seeks movement and adventure, whether that's helly skiing, jamming out in concert crowds or hitting the gym at home. His journey to creating blocs began a few years ago when he started feeling, well, old, low energy, lack of focus, a dwindling drive, and yep, even some failure to launch. Every treatment he saw, either gave him a one-size-fits-all approach or told him to accept his new normal. Neither were options. Josh left his longstanding career in corporate America to become an entrepreneur and take destiny into his own hands. Today, Bloakes is creating the future of men's health care. Josh, welcome to the pod. Thanks for having me. That's quite the intro. Excited to have you on today. Guys, this one's for you. Men, happy men's health month, though I will say to our ladies listening and it's important for both sides educate themselves on today's topic. Just a brief intro of what we have in the docket for you. We'll be defining metabolic health and what that means. We're going to be breaking down to testosterone. Men's sexual health, weight loss, and we've been tackle anti-aging at a high level. So all great things that tie well into this month of November again four men's health month, Josh, let's dive in with topic one. Today's episode is brought to you by JustMeets. Are you eating enough protein to maintain your testosterone levels? JustMeets is a no-fuss, all flavor, home delivery protein service. Choose from the products of 12 premium meats with new flavors released regularly. Elbit your plate with options of beef, chicken, or pork, and say goodbye to long days spent in the kitchen for meal prep. JustMeets makes it easier to hit protein goals and stay fueled for the journey ahead. Learn more at JustMeets.com. Defining metabolic health. So I feel like this word has been thrown around a lot lately, but what is metabolic health? Yeah, it's a cluster of risk factors. And there's a whole slew of them, but we're talking about it more now because we are living an unhealthy state. We have obesity rates that are above 70, 74% including weight loss. Including weight, over weightness. But those clusters of risk factors include blood pressure, increased waistline, triglycerides, cholesterol, LDL, HDL, even BMI, although I think that sometimes deceiving. But there's whole slew of them, blood sugar content. Also goes synonymous with insulin resistance. Yeah, absolutely. Talk a little bit about each of those, right? How do each of those play a role in your daily life? And I also want you to hit on BMI, right? Because I too think, based off your tone, that is becoming a little bit of an outdated metric for us to engage with in terms of measuring overall health. Yeah, I mean, talk about BMI first. So I'll give you an example. I was just with Dr. Folkers, who's one of our clinical partners. Guys, five, nine, maybe five, eight and a half, 215 pounds. We lift it yesterday morning. He put up 365, six times, 400 pounds once. And there's not an ounce of fat on that guy. But clinically, from a BMI scale standpoint, he would be considered overweight. It might even be considered obese. I haven't done the actual calculations, but even me, I would be considered obese. So I think it's outdated. I think it needs to change. And I think sometimes there's maybe too much of an emphasis on it, especially when it comes to insurance and getting things approved, such as the GLP one medications that we'll talk about. But I think it sometimes may be evaluated on a case by case basis. So talking about some of those other risk factors, blood pressure, anything when 35 or 130 to 85 or higher is considered metabolic, Lyon healthy, waistline. That's a big indication of where you're going abdominal fat, visceral fat, men, 40 inches or higher. When in 35 inches or higher, and I think that's probably the first telltale sign that you're likely metabolic, metabolically unhealthy. But it has a cascade of effects to everything else that's going on inside and under the hood. But you truly got to take a blood test to really check. Speaking of blood tests, tell us a little bit about blocs and what you're doing with blood tests there. We're doing a lot, and we're trying to make it simple. We follow the kiss model, keep it simple, stupid. For men, it's three options. And a lot of it depends on the depth of what you're trying to achieve. Also budget. We believe that everybody should get access to blood testing and an affordable rate. But we have three testing models, $99, $2, $49, and $5, 99. Really, it's going to cover as much as we need to prescribe certain medications. And then some, we look at blood in only one funnel. It's got to be comprehensive. It's not one disease in two disease, and it's certainly not reactive. We believe in proactive and preventative health care. So our even our most simple blood test starts at 40 biomarkers. Goes all the way up to 74. And we're measuring damn near everything in the body with those. How often should we be in an intestine? And we're going to get to age in a second. But just let's talk about general health and wellness, right? What's your recommendation for frequency? I think at minimum, once you've grown out of your childhood, you should be getting tested at least twice a year. And there's a lot of reasons for it outside of just reacting to things. But getting ahead of a problem before it becomes a problem, should be the model in healthcare. And a lot of times you can catch something before it becomes a problem. But a lot of times it holds you accountable to your health. And I think that's something that we're sorely lacking in today's society. It's even coming from primary care docs. I mean, how many times have individuals been gaslit from other doctors? I mean, I have family members who walked into actual medical clinics, where fighting obesity, who were not told their overweight, and they were told their fine, well, I even had the same problem. That's why we're here because I was gaslit as a patient. I had so many issues going on, not just my low T, but I was never consulted on those. Tell us a little bit more about your journey and your experience and what got you here today. Well, it's, you know, it was over a longer time period. As you mentioned in the intro, I was a former athlete. I played rugby at a high level. So I knew my body, the really the genesis of why we're here is my wife. She was the, she was the push that I need it. And I say this example often because it actually works, but it's kind of like snoring. When somebody in that relationship is not optimized, or somebody is lacking something, the other person is the one that's truly suffering. It's, you know, if you had asked me, then at that time, I probably would have said, yeah, I'm okay. You know, my sex drive seems fine. Looking back at it now compared to what I am now, I'm a different man. I was 40, 50 pounds heavier. So my journey started probably like most guys and most gals. When saw a primary card doc, when saw a few of them. And I was fortunate that I just kind of threw a hell Mary at a friend who could become in one of our business partners, Dr. Folkers. And kind of where you're like, whoa, Houston, we got a problem here. Our testosterone levels are equivalent of a 70 year old man and then unhealthy one at that. Looking back now, I can't believe it took me that long to figure it out. I can't believe how poorly I was guided through these primary card docs, through doctors that were even friends, pain management, doctors, surgeons. It's become a niche, but more importantly, people need to learn how to own that journey because if I would have just settled, if my wife and I would have just settled, we'd probably be divorced. I'd probably be even heavier than what I was then. And probably be facing a hard attack in my 40s. Thanks for sharing. You brought up our next topic testosterone, right? That's really, you know, I would say the root of our discussion today for guys out there breaking down men's hormonal health and introduction to testosterone. And so first of all, what is testosterone? Yeah, it's a human hormone. It's a hormone that is very, very vital. It's a master hormone for both men and women. And it is a sexual hormone that does so many, so many amazing things in our body, whether sexual function, physical function, building lean muscle mass, helping a brain fog. We talked a little bit about metabolic health. If you're metabolically unhealthy, it's almost a guarantee that you're going to have low T symptoms. You know, it's another epidemic that we're not talking enough about, just like insulin resistance, just like metabolic health. And, you know, it's something that, you know, 50, 60 years ago, we weren't talking about because we've changed. We, you know, live secondary lifestyles. We have an obese population. We're living in a world full stress, both micro and macro. You know, we have these things, these phones that we're constantly on that we're constantly getting these cortisol release. You know, the emergence of processed foods of changed testosterone levels. And, you know, I think in order for us to start adjusting to it, correcting that optimizing people, we got to start talking more about it. What are the signs and symptoms of low testosterone, generally? Yeah, I mean, we talked a little bit about metabolic health and this real fat. I mean, one of the quick signs is, you know, are you packing weight in areas that you don't? There's the obvious sex drive. Are you experiencing some sexual performance issue? You don't necessarily, I'd say, a correct outest function, but performance issues. And there's a whole litany of things that can go with that. You know, just overall physical drive. I can tell you when I was going through my journey and struggling, especially as a former athlete who used to work out four or five, six times a week, I hadn't seen the inside of a gym nor did I want to see the inside of a gym in weeks. You know, we even had a gym in our house. I had no excuse. You know, brain fog is another thing, but those are the probably the most common things. And then, you know, something that we constantly see in both men and women is low energy levels. It is, you know, we work with a guy that's a big UFC guy by the name of Dan Henderson. And, you know, trying to get, you know, his straight answer is always fun, but he always says, I had just more energy. I wasn't on the couch anymore. And if that can just motivate you, that's enough in itself. You mentioned, you know, we weren't thinking about this 50 to 60 years ago. I would argue, we weren't thinking a lot about this 10 years ago, right? And what we're starting to see now is a slew of younger men experiencing lower testosterone. What's feeding that epidemic? Yeah, I mean, I think there's a lot of things that we covered with the same, you know, audience. But, you know, I think you can really align yourself with the emergence of process foods in the decline of our metabolic health and the decline of testosterone levels. But, you know, secondary life cells, guys are not moving as much as they used to. They're not as physically active as they used to. There's a whole slew of reasons. I mean, we are now in a new category of testosterone, which is secondary hypogonandism. That's something we never talked about. And, you know, you can read as many statues you want that talk about hypogonadism, which is the true definition of low T. And in some societies, it's 250 nanograms per desolated to 300. But there are so many guys living with low T symptoms. Because when we look at ranges, we're looking at optimal ranges, somewhere between 800 and 1200. But there's a whole lot of guys that are in that in between phase. And then there's a whole lot of guys in the hypogonad phase. You know, I think this status, somewhere around, I think it's 45% of every eye over 40 is going to experience low T symptoms. That's a lot. And there's a lot. You know, like you said, I mean, also I think lifting heavy is a huge component too. That's an important factor. Not only to get out there and move and go to the gym, but lifting heavy and that applies to men. And women we've said it before in this podcast too. It's important, not only for body composition, but for hormonal levels that were talking about. Today, you know, I think you and I had a great conversation on the phone prior to today. We talked about that knee jerk reaction that often comes with TRT and hormonal replacing. And all of these things, you know, that I think have gained a negative stigma over the last several decades. You know, you said it best. You said oftentimes these are, you know, slightly or even so drastically attached to the use of antibiotics steroids. Let's talk about, you know, maybe how TRT got the bad rap that you're that I think still, you know, exist today for a lot of the general population. And let's talk about really the differentiating factors here. Yeah, I, you know, I think a lot of our negative connotation comes from the 70s and the 80s and the 90s were guys are, I mean, this is the term juicing where they're, you know, high alpha antibiotics steroids stuff that we don't even prescribe that we don't even have access to. And there's a whole black market, even though, you know, TRT exists legally. But the key differentiator is there's there's a dangerous low end of it spectrum, which we talked about, high alpha go nanos, and secondary hypogodinanas. There's also a really dangerous side on the opposite end of the spectrum where guys are taking antibiotics steroids. Well, beyond what even a lab core or quest test will pick up. I mean, that's 15, 16, 700 nanograms per deceler. You're running risk on both sides of that heart disease, autoimmune issues, cancer, stroke. And that's why you're seeing in the bodybuilding community, guys are dropping in some cases like FIs. And they're not taking what we consider replacement. And that's the key word. We were replacing what we think should be there at a healthy level. We're incorporating labs on a significant basis. Yes, about how often guys should get labs when you're on a therapy. It's even more. For me, I'm getting anywhere from four to six comprehensive labs a year. Sometimes when you're in your first kind of round of treatment, it might be six to eight. But you've got to be measuring things outside of just testosterone. PSA, your estrogen levels. There's so many things that go with that. There are different delivery systems in which you can go through testosterone, your replacement therapy, right? There's capsule and oral. There's injectables. What is, what would, first of all, what's a root that bloke takes, right? And typically, what are the difference between those two and how they're reacting with the body? Yeah, all the above, we take a lot of time to try to push people more towards subcutaneous injections, more often per week versus one per week. But, you know, a compliant patient and a patient that is comfortable with some type of technique is better than the uncompliant patient. The only thing we don't do is pallet therapy. But, you know, trokey's are effective, creams are effective. What we have found is testosterone by subcutaneous injection two to three times a week. You're going to have your most optimal ranges. You're going to have your least on a peaking valleys. And you're going to be able to manage other markers that are pertinent as you scale on testosterone such as estrogen. Because your estrogen is going to rise with your testosterone. It's a given. You also want to be looking at things like comatic rid, the viscosity of your blood. How viscous is your blood going to get when we do it in multiple doses over a week. It tends to minimize that risk. You mentioned estrogen. I feel like that is a dirty word to some men, right? They hear that. And, you know, some of the guys they won't touch tofu. They won't touch high soil foods out there. Like, no, absolutely not. That's too high in estrogen. But I mean, the amount that you're going to have to consume to even get to that point. But I, I digress talk about why that's important, you know, in a male's body. First of all, they probably don't like tofu because it's soft. I'm kidding. I don't like it. First of all, food that came right. Men and all, that's that's spot on. You know, when we look at estrogen, we don't demonize it. It is a healthy, healthy hormone. The important thing is that it's at a range that is relative to your testosterone levels. And we have calculators for that, but it is inevitable that when your testosterone raises, especially in the exogenous form, even in, in, in, in doginess form, it's, it's going to raise with that. The, the point of labs, the point of doing these injections in those therapeutic doses is to minimize that, that, that, that increase. Some guys are just more prone to it, but estrus is a very good thing. I mean, too much estrogen, not enough estrogen can, can lead to a lot of other issues. Heart issues, erectile dysfunction issues. I mean, we've seen guys bottom out their estrogen levels. For whatever reason, they're, they come to us. We inherit these type of people. They haven't had a really strong erection in months, you know, and a lot of times it's just, you gotta turn that estrogen back on. Right. Oh, we see in that happy medium for all levels. Let's put it all together for testosterone. Let's talk about the, you know, detecting the signs and symptoms through getting your blood work done to now going on therapy. And then when can we expect that to start having impact on your lifestyle? You know, what we typically see is, the, the, the, the, the, to talk about the impact. We're seeing it happen younger and younger. You know, we're seeing guys in their 20s and in 30s come in with, with secondary hypogonism, like it's going out of style. And that, that's typically somewhere between three and 500 nanograms per desolator. In terms of the impact, these medications are effective and usually very quickly. You want to be very careful about the person you're actually seeing, because something that we've seen a lot. And this isn't to to rain on, you know, primary care docs and turn them at docs who who practice this. And it's maybe just a piece of the puzzle, or this is all we do. We're an inch wide amount of deep in these therapies. You, if you're taking an exogenous form of testosterone, it's shutting down that body's natural production. If you're not taking enough, oftentimes guys come to us with lower than when they even start it in a sub-opt more range. So it's important to find the right specialists, but oftentimes guys are feeling, you know, some type of movement, some type of impact within weeks, two weeks. We always typically say whether it's in cloma, or cloma, which are the certain categories or testosterone, allow no less than 90 days. Yeah, I think we'd be remiss also to say, this isn't the only thing you need to focus on, right? You have to focus on other lifestyle areas. You have to focus on a solid nutrition plan. You have to emphasize movement. You have to get good sleep. You have to lower stress. So all of these external factors are going to play into the success that you're seeing with TRT and HRT. Yeah, I mean, we talked about metabolic health. You know, what is it? One in three Americans are, you know, suffering from, you know, metabolic syndrome, one in two adults suffer from insulin sensitivity. Those things don't, the should not happen. Because those things are an absolute correlation to low tea. Talk about cortisol stress, sleep. If you're not managing those things, you're going to have a decrease in testosterone. I read a study at the Army Polish. I think it was on some Army Rangers where they weren't getting adequate sleep. And they were, they're measuring their guys testosterone levels. And they saw anywhere from a 50 to 75% drop. The same thing, you know, which stress, it is an antagonist to healthy hormones in general, healthy body. You know, there's, you know, they're saying that, you know, this role fat is gained through stress. You know, and those are all things that you just got to be aware of. And you got to, you know, you got to get ahead of it before it comes a problem. I wish I would have been getting tested in my 30s, you know, my wife and I went through our field fertility issues. And we had four miscarriages. And not once did an OBGYN or a primary care doc after hundreds of appointments go to the hospital. Of appointments go, Josh, hey, man, you're back on a few pounds. I want to go get your testosterone levels checked because the reality is, guys testosterone levels can drop from 50 to 75% with the woman. Their estrogen levels can go up. That's a recipe for disaster. And of course, your stress is going to go up. So your cortisol levels are going to change. You got to get ahead of that stuff. I think all that lead us into a really great third topic for today. So let's talk about men's sexual health. Her monolumbalances can impact sexual health for both men and women. And Josh, you know, you've been very open publicly with your personal experience. Things like low libido amongst a couple others. Let's say malfunctions, right? How did this persist until you saw it out the guidance? I know you mentioned your wife is a big catalyst for this. And what remedy served you best? So tell us a little bit about what you're experiencing, specifically in terms of sexual health. I mean, my wife says a better I had zero, zero sex drive. And she reminded me of that often. And I didn't listen once twice. So I was fortunate that I had a wife that wanted that in our relationship and wanted to push me to get better. But to be honest, I just changed. I looked different in the mirror. I just did a before after pick of me recently with my son two and a half years ago. And just last week, the changes in saying, I cranged you and I look at myself. So, you know, whether I was admitting to it then, I was not comfortable with my skin. I looked different, my clothes fit different. You know, we talked about metabolic health and waistlines. I was somewhere between a 40 and 42 in choice. I was metabolically unhealthy. I was the classic candidate. My waistline right now is 36 inches. So I've lost almost four inches off that. My blood pressure was always off. You know, I used to go to the IV bar just to, you know, sometimes check my blood pressure. It wasn't good. You know, there was a couple of times where they're going to turn me away. But, you know, you just got to be cognizant of it. You got to notice these signs and symptoms early. You know, it'd be open about it. Like, I think we have to start talking about masculinity different. You know, it's been demonized as well. And I think we have to be redefining it. There's a conscious masculinity. And we consistently talk about mental health and how much of a role that plays. And talking to others, I think this is in the same category. The physical side, the mental side, they all go hand in hand. And you know, if it's not somebody like your wife, maybe it's just a buddy just like, too. I don't feel the same. What I do think is happening, is there is a little bit of a movement that's happening. Guys that are comfortable in their skin are talking about it. They're more open about it. I feel like it's my obligation to talk about it. I've never run a business in my life where I've been more passionate about something and wanting to share something. I think guys were a little bit more of that line mentality. This is like, man, I kind of want to be at the mountain with everybody. I want everybody to fill the way I do. You took the words right out of my mouth. I was going to say this has to come with a certain level of vulnerability. And when it gets to a certain point, you kind of just have to put that you go to side. And when you're out with the guys and when you're out, just happen a night. Talk about these things, right? It's likely going to help more people in that group than you probably think. Yeah, it's funny. So when I first started this business, I had a relative passway, but I was with some of my family members. These are middle Iowa people. And they're 50s and 60s. And I told them what I was going to do. And we just were getting blocs off the ground. And I called the three-beer role. So you got to go hang with your boys for at least three bears. Because at first nobody had an issue. The boys were like, oh, that's intriguing. You know, the guys were like, what are you doing? And you got three bears in them? Guess what? The whites were coming up to me. These are my ants, by the way. That my uncles were going, hey, Josh. Things aren't the same in the bedroom. So you got at least get around somebody who you can have three bears. Or whatever that rule is, to just get comfortable. And how do you, you know, like you said, you mentioned your wife again? And how do you continue these conversations going with your partner? Trust is a huge factor there, right? And again, kind of putting both he goes aside and just being open, and moving on to another, ultimately, make things work long-term. So it tells a little bit about, you know, even the current conversations that you continue to have. Yeah, I mean, you got to be honest with your partner. You know, you got to ask questions, like, hey, is there something I could be doing more of? And, you know, I can tell you my energy levels changed so much that I was more productive. I was cooking further. The family, I was just more active. And I could tell there was a ripple effect just by loving that. You know, and I think if you're just honest about it and, you know, like anything else, that's for feedback. Yeah, absolutely. We've mentioned weight loss a couple of times here, and we're specifically going to talk about weight loss for men. Oftentimes, we don't really realize how much of a role hormones play in weight loss, and even athletic performance, right? So hooding and unweight loss specifically, how can irregular testosterone levels serve as a potential blocker for it losing weight? Yeah, I mean, you have to understand that I don't consider testosterone to be a weight loss. But they go hand in hand with it. You have to look at what testosterone's really good at, and that's building lean muscle. And if your body is lacking testosterone, that means it's likely lacking lean muscle. Thereby making it harder to lose that visceral fat or that bad fat that's been sitting on you. So they go hand in hand, you know, there's these new medications out that are, you know, true weight loss medications. But I will tell you, if you have a low tea, you're likely to get a low or low fat, you're likely battling some type of weight issues. So it doesn't hurt to have optimal testosterone levels, and it's certainly going to help, you know, especially as you're building and growing and, you know, building lean muscle mass. I mean, I will part of the journey, do we say, okay, maybe it's time to get the hormone check. Maybe if someone has gone out a couple years ago or a year ago, six months ago, and they say, this is just not working. I have my nutrition dialed in, I'm moving, I'm doing all those things that we've said in the beginning. We need to be doing at one point does someone need to say, okay, it's time to get tested. Yeah, I mean, the easiest thing is just get a test, right? It's not a big deal. There's so much access in it, and it's beyond blogs, right? You know, you can get, you know, at home test kits, they're not as accurate, but they're super accessible. And you can do it in the compines of your own home. You can go to a doctor. I would recommend you go to a doctor that specializes in this, because we've, we've had countless stories with patients going to primary care, doctor, internal medmethox, and arguing about giving their testosterone on the mobile. Check, I think every guy, as a region, I think every woman, as a region, especially in their 20s, needs to have at least one to two baseline labs a year, so you can see how your body's aging. And when are some of these brand name drugs that we're starting to see now that, unfortunately, a lot of people are seen as kind of, you know, that one stop shop, and but it's really more so. I mean, let me know if you disagree or agree a band aid in a way, right? Maybe it's going to give you those immediate results that you're looking for, but long term, you know, what kind of breakdown what we're seeing and feel free to give some examples that you mentioned before. So are you talking about the GOP? Yeah. Yeah. So there is, you can't, even if you're not in health and wellness, everybody's talking about those impact, right? I kind of feel like it's getting demonized to a fault. And I kind of look at it, like hormones over the last 20, 30 years, you know, our testosterone. We demonize the hell to that. And now we're understanding the importance of it. Here's what you have to look at with obesity and being overweight. There's two things that are leading cause from that. That's hard disease and cancer. If we can eliminate that or reduce that by allowing people to get an edge in weight loss, I'm all for it. What I don't agree with is the reckless abandon of perscribing it without suggesting and holding your patients accountable to lifestyle changes. And that's the most important thing. Listen, I've done it all. I've tried some luteide, I tried to resept with side. I had my ups and downs. But 100% I actually saw monumental change when I decided to do the work when nobody else was watching. That was exercise. That was getting my steps and that was actually watching my diet for the first time. You know, good, better ugly. I was managing my calories. I was effectively able to do that. So I think they're amazing drugs. I think they're going to change the world. But only if there's something parallel to that. And that's that accountability piece. And I think the unfortunate thing is there's only a handful of people that are doing that and doing it well. I think we are doing it well. Everybody gets a coach. But that is a crucial part to these things being effective. Because you can actually out eat these medications. You know, you feel like shit too. You're going to get nauseous. You're going to get acid reflex. And then you're going to have a belly that doesn't agree with it. So you have to still manage your diet. You mentioned a coach and you had the consultation that initially takes place. But talk about that accountability that takes place within blocs and how someone can, you know, read the benefits of that one's day. Join. Yeah, I mean, listen, clinicians are amazing doctors and nurse practitioners. Oftentimes they want to stay in their lane. And oftentimes, I don't think we have this issue, but they lack bedside manners. And sometimes it's just building trust. It's building rapport with somebody to just talk openly like this. I think that's where a case manager is so effective beyond, you know, their salary. And it allows people to just put their guard down and say, listen, I don't lose weight last because I like shit. You know, okay, honest, let's get back on the horse. You know, let's let's let's make some change. How about are you lifting or you're walking? Somebody to just walk them through there and run parallel with them. And that's what a coach provides. And how does that process work with lox specifically? Yeah, I mean, we are, we are fortunate enough that we see the value and massive impact of coaches. So everybody comes to us, whether you're getting a lab or whether you're getting a peptide or whether you're getting a GOP one medication. You're going to get a sign of coach. You're going to get a sign of clinician. We've seen a higher retention rate because that, which is extremely positive. We've even seen a referral rate go up because of that. So, you know, from a business side, we know it's working. But even from a feedback side, we know patients are really enjoying it. And I feel like that's, you know, a pretty large differentiating factor between what you're doing and maybe some other test kits out there, right? Because like you said, the accuracy is a little bit lower in those if not much lower. And they don't get that piece. No, I'm so marred doing it again, but to have that personnel and that board certified doctor, that nurse practitioner who can say, hey, you know, I noticed this or hey, I'm feeling this or hey, you know, this doesn't feel right. Okay, well let's talk about it. Let's get on a phone and set it up and let's figure it out together. Totally. I mean, and oftentimes you can, you can adjust course pretty easy, you know, if if something is all, I mean, you know, you can easily adjust a dose. You could tell them to scale back him super nauseous. Well, let's scale back. Let's let your body adjust to that. You know, people want to lose weight right away, but you got to let your body settle in. There's receptors, more amount of receptors. GLP1 receptors through your whole body. It's a drug. It's a therapy. You're going to feel it sometimes bad, but if you do it and you have a coach that's aligned with you, that process can be mitigated to where there's almost no risk. And I feel like having these type of ongoing relationships with your provider with your medical team being able to call them email them having more access to them than I feel like we even had five years ago, right? And I think the pandemic fueled a lot of that with the rise in telehealth. I mean, that does wonders for your home life, too. Your wife and your husband and your family, they can only take, you know, listening to it so much. It's not only listening, but they don't have the answers that your medical, you know, guide is going to have for you, right? So yes, you can then and yes, you can talk about how you're feeling that's a healthy piece of relationship in home life, but I mean, if you can bring this directly to the person that you're working with who's going to have those answers, it's going to help everybody. Yeah, let's let's look at things before telehealth really was on the scene and you really got to look at COVID because that's what expedited it. Still to this day, the average time it takes for a patient to see an actual physician is 21 to 26 days. That's a long time. Okay? The average time it's taking out of that patient's day by the time they leave their house by the time they get back to their home is anywhere from three to four hours. And we know it's a grueling process. We know it's a still waiting room. We know you got to manage parking, all that stuff. Sometimes I feel like we have we have too much access to our patients, but we have unlimited text messaging, which is a very effective form of communication these days. And it's all a double compliant way of unlimited emails. You have consults that are mixed in there. I can't tell you because I deal with it myself with just standard doctors. I mean, my son, you know, had a knee injury jump on a trampoline. That process was a pain in the ass. If that was brought to me from a tell-a-house perspective, I would have paid triple double. You know, it would have been insane. I feel like I just broke my pinky finger of all things and abiking the accident back at the summer. I mean, the toll it took on our life over this little pinky finger. I tell you, I'm with you right there on the same boat. Today's episode is brought to you by JustMeets. JustMeets is your protein routine provider. The hardest part of meal preping has never been easier. Simply order your meats, prepare for delivery, and reheat with the included directions. Play it up with your favorite sides for delicious and care-free meal. Learn more at JustMeets.com. Let's let's segue into our final topic for today, Josh Aging and anti-aging. So, you know, earlier we did mention, yes, younger men are indeed experiencing low testosterone levels, but let's talk about 50 plus, right? What starts happening in the male body with the aging process? And again, what should they be looking out for as warning signs of declining levels? Well, if you're not careful, it gets really fast. You know, your body is consistently evolving. You know, there's two schools that some people think aging is a disease. Some don't like the FDA does not recognize aging as a disease, but it is an absolute, there's an absolute increase as you age. You're going to be more likely of hard disease, more likely of cancer, more likely of all the mean issues, more likely of metabolic disorders, obesity, all those things come with aging. So, it's a hot topic. We're right in the thick of it. You know, we consider ourselves to be a company that really really focuses on health span, which for me, long Japanese part of that, but if I'm going to live longer, I want to live healthier. You know, I would hate to have 20 years of my life for a month healthy. I think that's what we do really good job out. Let's talk about longevity and anti-agent. Again, two words that are taking the spotlight post-COVID. And again, no one's immortal here, but if we can expand our life span, if we can add quality to the years of our life that we are here, I'm all for it. So let's talk about anti-agent. This is a word that's being thrown around a lot, especially with the rise of something like NAD plus. So first of all, what is an NAD plus? That's a coincidence. I'm that lives in every cell, which's interesting about NAD plus is you have the most NAD in your youth. And by the time you're middle age, you have about half. The beauty is it's easy to substitute whether it's intravenously subcutaneous intramuscular injections, patients typically fill a nice little energy boost. It cleans up your mitochondria function. It's great for a sol year repair. I don't know if you know the fundamental thing that is rather inexpensive, that could add a lot of life to you. I mean, it's proven that it can help increase life span, health span, energy, all those good things. What's the time in place to begin those in a routine? Now, I mean, listen, listen. If the science, the governing bodies say that when you're in your youth, that's when it's peat. Any time you're aging, it's probably a good time to start considering that. I think one of the interesting things is you don't have to wait for a reaction to be proactive. You don't have to feel like shit to start doing that. And as a clinic, we kind of have two patients. We have patients that are very symptomatic, that are reacting to those symptoms that was me. And then we have these proactive people who are like, you know, I just want to live the best version of myself. So, you know, it's not a loaded question. But it's a question that I think you know, you should just start owning your journey as soon as you can. And if an idea is part of that, you should certainly do it. What are anti-aging remedies that we're seeing out there today? I mean, we have growth hormone peptides like some moreland. It's a growth hormone, it's a credit card. Meaning it's going to stimulate your body's natural production, never shutting it down. You know, we deal a lot with glutathione. It's a peptide made up of a few different molecules. What's really interesting about NAD and glutathione, it's great for insulin sensitivity. We talked about that with metabolic health. All those things combined are phenomenal, just for longevity and health span. That's what you're seeing. I mean, I don't know if we'll see like a cure for aging, but I definitely think at some point there's a lot of thought leaders. There's a lot of money going into this Saudi Arabia's put, I think, a billion dollars towards aging. You know, there's a lot of ex-Google executives who started a fun just for this. I think we're going to start understanding the aging process differently. And we're going to start increasing health span. Yeah, I think all of these interventions are great. It's awesome to see the, you know, it's awesome to see the progression that we're seeing today. I read something interesting. You'll enjoy this. It was an article from Fortune Well this week. And it was about a woman who's ranking number two in longevity scale. And there's an individual, I'm not going to say his name, but there's this individual who is spending $2 million a year on his health. And it is taking blood from a 17 year old son and putting in his body. So the length that he is going. And he ranks six. So he's four spots behind this woman. This woman spends $27 a month on a gym membership. She is a single mom, 55, 17 year old son. She gets up, does her strength in her cardio. Maybe a sauna two or three times. He eats, you know, a lot of veggies goes to sleep at a decent hour. And she's four spots ahead of him. So I think all of this is great. You know, when it comes to an aging specifically and a deep lesson, things like that. But it goes back to, you know, the root of our discussion of these life-child lifestyle changes. You have to start there. Yeah, I mean, you know, we, this, this is why we're talking about metabolic health. You know, if you really want to extend life. If you really want to live a healthier life, focus on your metabolic health. Focus on your caloric intake. Focus on ensuring that you don't have the stroke fat. Focus on your, you know, your blood pressure. Focus on what is going in and out of your mouth from a food perspective. Carbohydrate sugar, stress, sleep. All those things are so important. And those are free. Yeah, absolutely. Josh, you're always wearing an amazing hat that says, fuck sick care, which I'm still. I'm still waiting on one of those. I have one. Awesome. I'm going to put it on after this. Give some context behind the mission of Blocks and joy and really what you're trying to put out into the world. Yeah, that's a great question. I'm very, very passionate about our sick care system. And I think I get a little bit of a seat at the table because I've been in health care for 15 years. I've worked for big, big, med device company called striker. I've owned an operated clinics. I've taken insurance. I've not taken insurance. And I've seen the likes of big insurance. I've seen the likes of big farm. I've seen the likes of big foods playing a vital role in our system. You know, we want to disrupt that space. We want to build an ecosystem for anybody to come to us and just live a healthier life. And we want to ensure that we're not prescribing medications to them, prescribing medications to fix those medications. And I think when we can take patients from obese to managing their way from low tea to optimal tea, then we're doing our job. And you know, it's going to take time. There's a lot of money that's going against us. But there's a community and there's a tribe that's following us. And it's really cool. We wear these hats. I wear it all the time in the amount of comments unsolicited that we get. People are noticing that and they don't know us, but they know what's happening in our health care system. And it's a big rabbit hole, but we're just doing our part in it. Josh, thanks so much for stopping by. We're excited to see what the future holds for both folks and joy and bodybuilding. And we're going to see what the whole family and bodybuilding is going to do. Thank you for having me. Thanks for tuning in to another episode here at Bodybuilding.com. Stay tuned for more stories along the way.