of the We have a situation. I've seen enough blood at the death. I know what's coming. Are you sure? Oh, it's... Boy in a way, it's really not much different than doing a cameo. I mean, it's like you're in a set and you're to the acting and you handle the weapons and all those things. So I think we've got a great warm-up when it did expandables. When a slide gave me a chance to work for four days and expandables, which made it look kind of like a rock for weeks and a movie, because they shot so much footage from six in the morning to late at night. So then when I was finished with that, I went directly then to New Mexico, instead of chewing, you know, last stand. Every never got the feeling like, oh my god, I have to work very hard to get back into it. I just slipped into it in a natural way and felt actually very good about being on a set and doing the scenes and handling the weapons again, doing all the action, the stunts and all that. And then working with a very talented director, Kim Chi Woon, was also very helpful to get me into it, because he was very passionate, very enthusiastic. When he explained the scenes with an interpreter, of course, from South Korea. He was always very much into acting out everything and doing the stunts and showing you how to do it. Sure, I'm sorry for that. I'm a violent fugitive, making it run for the Mexican border. I'm not going to let that guy come through our town without a fight. It's really a character that has been an expert with a SWAT team from Los Angeles, but in his years, 20 years of working with a SWAT team in LA, he could shut up several times. And so he's now at an age where he felt like he should actually retire in a small town where he originally came from. Some of them we call the town. Is Chef? Almost did a recognition playing clubs? Well, it's Medea. She'll be a quiet weekend. It's a low key town. There's him and there's three deputies and there's not much going on. And I play the sheriff and no one is expecting much. No one is anyone expecting any violence in this town or anything. That's why we only have three deputies. But then over sudden, we realized that there's a gang of mercenaries of the most dangerous criminals, drugloads that are descending on our town and trying to get through our town to cross the border to Mexico. We've got a cartel with heavy firepower headed towards the border. And there's a strong chance. You're coming your way. And of course, no one has any confidence that we are going to go and stop them. No one has to have the confidence that we're going to stop them. So they felt like they should just run over us and just ignore us. And they run the whole operation through the hell eye. And the sheriff. And so it's a story about being the underdog. There are no one expects anything. And then an aunt, me and my team and the town's people kind of rise up to that challenge. And the movie is about what it takes to get to that point and convince everyone to rise up. It will be part of the team and not to just continue talking about it. Let's look the other way. Let's just then let them go through the town and nothing will happen in the north. And I just stand up and say no. You know, I was born to fight for the rights of the people. And so I take on this huge gang of most violent people with all of the guns and weaponry that they have, the outcome. How are we going to go up against all that firepower? It got an idea. She's my little Nazi killer. And so that's what Johnny Knox still comes in. One of them would be a deputy and be depudized. But never was because he's goofy. I never depudized him. But now I have to because I need the manpower. And I know that he's a good shooter. So I have to get all of this town's people together and depudize them and then we together. Basically confront this big gang. So it's an action movie. It's a fast-paced movie like the fast and the furious in the way. It has car chases and car races. But unique ones also to the cornfield, which was of course the most fun thing to do. The race through the cornfield with 80 miles an hour. We do the Camaro against the Covet and then bang into each other and all this. There was a terrific and this great fight scene. It is a comic relief like two lies. Thought he was working there. Hey Ray, how you doing man? Good to see you. You're looking jacked, right? You've been working out? Give me the damn thing. When you're doing your training, your nutrition, your supplementation to get ready for this role. Did you approach it just like you used to back in your body billion days when he irrigated ready for it? What if your major contest? Well, you know, first of all you realized that you're now a little older than seven years ago or nine years ago when we were maybe determined age to three. Times have changed and you have to prepare much better and much more. You have to work out harder. You have to do more cardiovascular training, more stretching, more warming up for the scenes. But what I noticed was that everything is possible if you prepped the right way. I think we had a good stunt coordinator that knew what everyone's potential was and I had a good time doing all the action again and doing all the stunts again. Each role is different and so therefore we have to prepare differently. I remember that the last film we did, which was called 10, it's a police trauma. And then we had to again have a totally different training because they are the director and the story. It was such that you had to do so much training, tactical training with the actual early SWAT team and really practice with the weapons so you handled them exactly the way they are being handled by the experts. So it was besides the physical training and training with the weights. You had to kind of train for that also so they did look totally believable. So every movie takes kind of a different preparation. All right, so tell us what's next for Arnold Schwarzenegger? We have this movie coming out now in January 18th and I think that people will be pleasantly surprised by the movie and then the next movie is kind of come out in the fall which is the tomb with Sylvester Stallone. Then after that we have 10 coming out which is in January next year. And so there's a lot of stuff and I'm very fortunate that after I left the governor's office that there were so many offers and so much demand for me to do movies. And so there's a lot of movies that I mean in the last year I've done four movies and since I've left the office and we will be doing more movies this year and next year and so it will continue on including Conan and the secret to twins which will be called Treblets and so I'm looking forward to many movies. We cannot thank you enough for the time that you spent with us today and I would look forward to seeing you in future movies and be sure to check out the last day on January 18th and for more content like this check out bodybuilding.com. I'm looking at them comes through town. We're not a fighter. Very nice. We're not a fighter. We're not a hero. And I'm the sheriff. But my stand. Drive safely. We can start January 18th.