Hey, what's up guys? It's Cory Gregory. I'm here to go over work out one of two for the busy diet. We're going to be going over our upper body work out and cardio. It starts out with a cardio interval. We're going to do it on the treadmill of one minute intense, one minute a little bit moderate for 20 minutes. And we go right into our upper body movements. We'll do one chest movement, one back movement, one shoulder movement, one bicep and one tricep. What I try to do when I put this together is I try to keep it real basic movements. You can even do this at your house if you didn't have a gym membership. We'll use a dumbbell, flat press, breathe chest. We'll use a one arm row for your back. We use a military press, dumbbell for your shoulders. We use a bicep curl dumbbell for your bicep and we'll use a tricep take back for your triceps. It's set up as a circuit program. So you're going to get 20 reps of each movement in a row with no rest, two sets. So if you have a workout partner set them two exercises ahead of you in the circuit so you don't run in each other. And it just moves real center just like that. The way the circuit's set up is going to be 20 reps. So you want to pick a weight that's challenging for 20 reps. But not too challenging to where you can only get 12 to 15 because you got to remember there's no rest. And essentially you're hitting 200 total reps really quick for the whole upper body. So set yourself up to where you can be successful but it's still challenging at the same time. We're going to get in more specifics as we get into workout. So let's get started. Now we're going to go over the cardio portion of the busy diet workout. What I'm going to do is to do a one minute walk and I usually do between 3.5 and 4.0 and a one minute run anywhere from 7 to 10.0. You alternate that for 20 minutes, put your heart rate in a really good zone, to really burn some fat. You can also apply this to the elliptical jump rope, fight, whatever you have available to you. This is exercise one. So let's get started. Alright, it's in my one minute, 8.5. Now I'll do one minute, 4.0, good fast walk and keep alternating. And I'll keep pushing myself in my run, each time and make it as intense as possible. Studies have shown that interval training will raise your metabolic rate faster than in for a longer period of time. Rather than just doing a consistent cardio. Up and down with the hurry is way better for what we're after. It kind of goes into the whole thought process behind the busy diet concept, where you can maximize your time that you have available on the treadmill. So instead of wasting a much of time, you get right after it. Any new to utilize your time to best. I got to go because I got run. Let's go. But we just finished our first exercise, which is the cardio portion. Now we're moving on to the weight room. Come on. You want to have your elbows kind of at an angle like this, up in the squeeze. You want to have them flared out too wide, so keep it kind of tight. We're ready to go one arm row. Grab the front end of the dumbbell, so it hangs down like that to stretch your back. Keep your head up to your back tight. When it comes straight through, just like that. I have 20 reps here and on. Just look at that arm. Which one do these? This have. I'm going right to your legs. Your legs are not. You're all basic. Start here, up in twist. You twist them out so you can get a peak on your bicep. Now what you want to do on the triceps is try to keep it good then. You're going to take them and push them under like that. So it's going to keep your head underneath. All right, it's got done. It's all five exercises. We're back to the top. No rest. All right, now we're at the cardio. This is the middle portion of your workout. So, now it's different than the first cardio. You go five minutes. I just a steady pace. And then five minutes all out. Then back to the weight room for two more sets of weights. And then it's a wrap. So this is our middle cardio. Let's get after. We just got done. With the Monday and Thursday workout, which is up a body. Make sure and check out the page below, which has the Tuesdays and Fridays, which is lower body workout. It go get busy.