Our next speaker is a very special guest indeed. One of our own community members actually, who began his transformation on our own forums and started that transformation weighing nearly 700 pounds. And to date, has lost over 350 through the help of our own forum members, our content and the work that you guys do on the site and hear to talk about that experience, please give a very warm welcome to Jesse Shand. In May of 2013, I was almost 700 pounds. I hadn't left my house in years, I hadn't seen my friends in years. I couldn't even fit into my own shower and I hadn't shower them well over a year. I had long since given up on my life. What's up everyone? Webbress here. Got my boy. And today, I'm going to start my cutting phase after a wildly successful 25 year-bulking phase. I was always a heavier kid. I was still active playing basketball and that kind of thing. But I slowly started to get more reclusive. And as I started spending time online playing online video games and that sort of thing, I started going out less and being active even less. And that's when my weight really started to balloon up. And I was trying to excuse to tell my friends that I wouldn't do activities that they were wanting me to do. They stopped calling eventually and they stopped trying because they knew I wasn't going to come through or hang out. I basically ceased to exist. I think I was at or very close to 700 pounds. I never thought it would be possible to get the weight that I was at. As far as I knew, there was no personal scale that you could buy in a store or anywhere near me that would weigh someone at my size. And when I first started weighing myself, I had to use two scales, put half my body weight on each of the scales and then do the math to get an accurate weigh in. The heavier I got, the less I started even caring to look at myself, I would avoid the mirror. I never took pictures of myself. So kind of crept up on me. I mean, I knew I was always heavy but I didn't really realize the extent of it until I started losing abilities to do things I was doing before. I started being unable to fit in my seatbelt. So I was driving a car without a seatbelt for a long time and this is dangerous and I was always afraid of getting pulled over, having the seatbelt and the shoulder strap without actually plugging it in. One day I got up to take a shower and I noticed that I couldn't even fit in it with a shower curtain staying in. And that was a big shock to me. I had so much self-loving at this point and it was just getting worse to where it was easy for me to keep doing these things because in my mind I had already messed up so much and one more mess up wasn't really going to put me in too much worse of a condition and it was just a vicious cycle that kept going until I got up to this massive weight. So I knew my health was terrible and I was fully expecting that I wasn't going to live very long and that's really I given up shortly after that. I wish I could say that the reason I came to the bodybuilding that comes because I was ready to make a change but that's not the case at all. The only thing that drew me the bodybuilding that come was that it had a reputation for having a deep internet culture that I completely avoided all the fitness forms. A moderator kind of quickly found me and he gave me this ultimatum that ends up saving my life. He told me I either have to take down the avatar not having the avatar or post a real me. Being the typical troll and the negative person I was I thought, okay, well you want to see the real me, I'll give you all the real me you can handle and that's how the right got started. The thread I started was called Ask the Fatest Man on the Miss Anything, Miss Being the Missaliniest Subboard and it was posting all these pictures, these real, you know, gritty pictures of myself full body. I thought I was going to be getting a lot of disgusted image macros and stuff and while I did get some of that that's where people started to try and help me and they actually believed that I could undo some of the damage I did and that was something I wasn't expecting. It wasn't like I hadn't tried to lose weight and in my mind at this point if I couldn't even lose the weight when I was only 25 or 50 pounds overweight there was no way I was going to have the will power to drive to lose weight when I was hundreds of pounds overweight. Had this image in my mind that it would just take hours and hours every day of dedication, working out to you throw up so I wasn't willing to do any of that. So I had all these excuses but the members of the form are really persistent and trying to convince me that this could be done and giving me steps unique for my situation and it kind of took the thread and turned it back on me. Hey, how does one say I've gotten some really good advice here and I'm going to try and stay in contact with you guys and keep in the thread and keep updated with my progress and what I'm doing and hopefully you guys can give me some tips on what I'm doing wrong and you know how to stay motivated. I really do appreciate the help and the thread has been more useful. I didn't even mean for it to be life-changing thread. It was just kind of an interesting topic but I'm glad I posted. You know that night I was supposed to have eight chicken case ideas and some cheesy broccoli rice. That's what I had planned already and instead a member told me I should just cut it down to seven cheesy case ideas and you know even though that's only a couple hundred calories it was a start. For dinner today it's going to be chicken case ideas and wild rice. On average day I pack away a lot. Ten or eleven of those boys. Today I'm going to try maybe six or seven. When a member told me that I could just flop around it seemed so silly to me that it seemed like it would be the perfect workout for me to do and so I just turned my webcam on and immediately started you know just flopping my upper body. I was very surprised it just how you know tired I got from something so simple. So from there it was really easy for me to be open book about every point in the process. What's up everyone? What press here? I'm using this video to list off five short term and mid term goals that have one. Cut food intake by 25% 2 increase water intake by 200%. I already started 3 talked with social worker about getting medical assistance. Number four increase activity by 100%. That should be easy for me because right now my activity has spent at zero percent. Increase hygiene by 100%. Because I had this throughout the people encouraging me it naturally led to me logging all these activities when I would do a workout I would log it when I would eat something I would log it. Sergeant on brush here reporting in and while I cannot talk about my assignments I can talk about my condoms that was performed today. I woke up at 0700 hours. Next came child time. I had two standard issue peanut butter sandwiches and a Greek yogurt as a side arm. So I got to where if I wasn't making these posts all these people who were supporting me would know that I hadn't done it on that day. Boom day two. Alright so date five today's day six and you know what that means. Random dancing day. Doing my condition everything that I was doing was home-based. I started out doing just body weight squats you know something you needed nothing for. I remember with kind enough to send some fitness bands so you know I used those. Anything I could do to get my body temperature off anything I could do to start breathing fast. Uh oh god. Gold dumbbell duck does that. I'm just gonna do some arm press sitting down raises. That's way more physical activity than I've had in a while. More physical activity I tried working into my life. The more I realized how badly I let myself go. You know my legs and feet would be so tired after walking. My feet would be hugely swollen. They'd almost you know look like balloons when I first started. And so it was really apparent just how bad my health had gotten at that point. One video I made that really kind of sticks in my mind. That's the day I did 50 laps. Now to explain what this is a lap is just walk to the kitchen and living room. That was one lap. So you know it was only five or six steps from there. And you know walking 50 dees is now I look back on it and seems so silly. 50. I have to say no cuts. I 100% know breaks. No sitting down. 15 a row. I might roll around five k. I was so excited that I was able to do this and it doesn't seem significant but that was building serious strength in my legs and suddenly I was seeing these benefits coming and it snowballs from there. I always like to silly your suggestion so you know when someone told me I should play a Wii tennis. So one video I had I was just playing a Wii tennis game and recorded that. So I was you know finding new ways to do things. I was you know dance around. I was getting up more often. These small steps were kind of combining to make full workouts in the day. To where I was actually moving and burning calories quite often. I always had this picture in my head. You know you see these rally TV shows where people are working out until they throw up. You know people are passing out from working out. That was always the image I had in my head and that ended up being not the case at all. I ended up just being big results with just consistent effort. Hey Ryo. I'm Ross and every day I'm every day I'm Ross and I'm about to drop a pound maybe drop a hundred to. I'm about to drop it where my front is you. I took this kitty wool on to the yard and I filled it up with hose water. And it was freezing cold but I didn't care because for the first time in years I got to bathe. Now you can imagine with me not having shower in New Years. I wasn't going to clean from this but it didn't matter because what it gave me was a huge boost morale and it gave me something I hadn't had in years. It gave me hope. All right guys just woke up and stand for a while. So I 51 so there you have it and I'm not too surprised because I cheated in with myself last night because the anticipation was just killing me. I started posting the big events. You know anytime I had a milestone I remember I was able to suddenly shave my face. Another time I was able to drive a car and that was huge for me so I of course commemorated that event with a video. Man feels good to be here out of bed. This is like sound they air with past the window. The field of the mansion underneath the vibration is near and wheeled. The first time I was able to go see my doctor. This is you and there are you doing? Come on, come on, come on, come on. Good. So what's going on? Today is the first day and probably four years that I've actually been outside my house. Really? I had made a thread on the body building that I'm pouring. It was kind of like a joke thread and ended up being a thread that I got last tour and encouragement. I started a dieting. I didn't know workout seven days a week something like that. And everything's going good about 21 pounds. Great. I was thrilled. And I feel like the least I can do for all its support I got is to share these events and make it a community event because to me it is a community achievement. It's not just my achievement. All right guys, well I'm not there shower time. Check it out. But yeah, that first time it was awesome. Good boy. When you be, time will be showing you guys to say how to make a real simple smoothie. But the stuff is really good. I'm going to go ahead and cheers. One of the biggest things that was done from the community that helped me is they banded together and got me a gym membership that I never would have been able to afford before. When I first started I couldn't really fit on a lot of the machines. I didn't have the balance to do free weights a lot. So I had to start with swimming which is something that you know is good on the joints and it's really easy for someone in my size to have done at the time. It was really hard for me to do that first. But I just tried to keep my eye on the fitness. But now not only am I getting encouragement from people on the form who I'm not seeing. There's also people at the gym are constantly coming up to me and complimenting me. A lot of people have seen me from when I started. They don't even know my story. They don't even know how much weight I've lost and they're coming up to me and just telling me you know the difference that they're saying just since I've been at the gym. Hey everyone, my breath here and today is one year. 356 days of transformation and it is just amazing to me that a year has gone by so quickly. There's so many things in my life that have changed it. You know, I don't even necessarily connect to the fitness. Suddenly now I care about my hygiene and I find myself actually caring about the clothes that I put on and find myself wanting to make sure I'm at least someone groomed when I leave the house. Even my eating habits and stuff. I find myself trying things I never would have. And now you know I find myself being a little enjoy fresh produce and things that I never would have gravitated to before. I find myself wanting to get more into sports and physical activity and do fun things outside the house and I am suddenly hanging out with my friends again and things that I never would have imagined myself doing. You know I feel so much different now than I did then that's really easy for me to almost become detached. I don't feel like the same person at all. Yo, all right, we're going live with the wand. Here we go. 392.2? Oh man, dude. That is such a nice loss. I am so happy. Now in 300's on a way to 200's now. Man, it is so hard to believe that it's only been in not even a year and a half. Thank you guys so much and there's a good day. I don't want to feel like my journey is over and I want to always have something that I'm striving towards. And you know sometimes I go back and I like to look at those early videos to remember where I came from and where I was. I didn't have any future to look forward to. I didn't expect one. Feeling so much better and I just feel like I have limitless possibilities now. I can imagine now, you know, a couple years later that would still be here in front of you if it wasn't for bodybuilding.com. So when I say it saved my life, that's not just words. It literally saved my life. So much want to thank everyone who has given me the support because it has made such a monumental impact on my life. I definitely still have some things I'm struggling with. I still have a tendency to want to binge eat when I, you know, eat something that I know I shouldn't eat. I still have natural want to just keep doing that because I feel like I already screwed up so I might as well really screw up and that's something that I really have to be conscious about not letting myself do. And that's another place where the community really came through. Bodybuilding.com is still my number one source of motivation. I still post my way ends every time I do. I'm still posting my milestones there. I, you know, thought that a lot of these people, I thought they would just be completely disgusted with me. I didn't think, you know, they would have any interest in, you know, even talking to someone like me once they found out I was the fastest man on the thread. And the way that they've been helpful and the way they've really reached out is something that was completely new to me. What I found out quickly is that people who bodybuild their fit, they actually have respect for people who are have a lot of weight to lose and are trying to make an effort. When I heard that the miscos in the news I had no idea what it was going to be, whether it was hacking Mark Zuckerberg's Facebook profile, you know, or some crazy thing that somebody posted or something funny about debating how many days are on a week. You know, when I was really excited to see that it was something super positive like this, not just funny, the miscos amazing area. Something I'm super proud of having started and watch flourish over the last 16 years. But now to see something even more positive like this and get the recognition, I feel like our members deserve for what they're doing every day. What's a huge amazing milestone for our company. When you hear about bodybuilders and people in the fitness, like you have the idea and your head sometimes with somebody that is, you know, super vain, cares about themselves and you don't want to go talk to them because they're just going to make fun of you if you're not on their level. But what I found in our industry, especially on our site, is that people want to help. I want to personally think, Wiggy Wanka, Hoka, Build a Bro, Mighty Matt, and it for fitness. I also want to thank all the other people that all were part of Jessie's journey. Every one of you had a major impact on Jessie's life and the other people that are now following the story. One of my most popular videos was one where my mom, you know, she's thinking about you building community. She's always encouraged me. She never gave up on me even for a moment. I just cannot believe the outpouring of support for my son. I'm choked up about this because you guys just don't know what you have done for my son and me. You know, you're actually saving my son's life. So one of my biggest goals right now is to get to a point in my life for not only am I not dependent on her and, you know, not burdening her, but I also want to be able to support her and give back to her some of the support that she gave me. The biggest advice I can give you is to not make it too complicated. It really is as simple as consistency and you really do have to start small. I feel like my future is just open to any possibilities and at some point I'd like to work with people who have a lot of weight to lose because I feel like I'm in a unique position to where I can help people out and understand some of the things that they're going through and some of the mental hoops that they have to jump through to get that done. And, you know, I hope to be able to make an impact on people's lives in a similar manner to what's been made on mine. There's somebody at home right now watching this video and you're thinking that maybe it is now possible for you on your journey, whether it's to lose 400 pounds or more or whether it's just to get in a little bit better shape for whatever it is your goal. Jesse shows you that it's possible. It really is Jesse's amazing determination and willpower when most people would have given up for him to be able to do that with the help that he has received. It was an inspiration for all of us here at BodyBoddyMod.com. I was just completely off the rails and, you know, it's decided to make a troll thread on a bodybuilding form and you know, started from the faddest now we hear. So my message to you guys is that what you're doing is not only making a difference but it's saving lives and I know that there's millions of people you're helping but I'm so happy to be here as an example of someone whose life you gave back and humans have so much potential and so much limitless pop abilities and mine were all gone but you gave it back to me and now I feel like my future can hold anything. So I just want to thank each and every one of you for what you've done and I want you guys to know that you're making such a big difference and thank you guys for letting me speak and thank you for hearing me tonight.