I'm CT Fletcher, the world's strongest drug-free business. You probably don't know me now, but you will. You just wait till it's over with. This is my home. This is where I do my thing. I'm the best baby. Check it out. In the sea of people just saying things for money, I just saying things for notoriety. I want to be known as the voice of truth. And I want to be known as the guy who came from the street. All people to be able to say they see a part of themselves in me. Bye, baby. The history of my family is steep and strict. I had a grandfather that they called, new because he was reportedly as strong as a fucking new. They said that this guy went out in the woods one day and his job was chopping wood. So he went out there and he chopped all his wood and loaded up his wagon. He was headed back to the meal with his wood. And the fucking wagon guy stuck in the ditch. And the fucking news couldn't get it out. They couldn't pull it out. So grandfather knew, went around to the front of the wagon and said, Unhit Stimpych's, unhit Stimpych's, fucking news grabbed the harness, put it around itself, and pulled up fucking wagon out of that ditch. I've been hearing stories like that every time I can remember. So strength was a very, very, very big thing in my family. My dad brought me my brother, a set of weights with a call a pig, when I was in junior high school. And we worked out with that. That was my first initial introduction to weightlifting. I was hooked at the admiration that a pair of bigger than normal arms got in. That's what hooked me. It more than anything walking down the street, walking down, camping Boulevard, and half somebody said, damn, look at that motherfuckers arms. That's what did it. I started out wanting to be a bodybuilder. My biggest goal was to be Mr. America. Mr. Olympia is the big thing now, but when I was a kid, Mr. America was on the cover of Life Magazine. I found out that if I really wanted to be Mr. America, I might have to do some things that I didn't want to do in order to achieve that. So I knew I was strong, I knew I was strong from birth, I turned the powerlifting. So I was a powerlifting. Greatest job for you, Vince Precip, all the time. After my open heart surgery, I had no choice. I couldn't lift $700,000, no more. I just told him, I never lift weights again. And I said, fuck you, I'm gonna find some way to do it. So then I turned to very high volume high repetitions after that. I met that is always the same, no choice, I get me no choice. No option, no plan B, because I fucking said so as usually answer it. That's my mindset, my attitude has a lot to do with my upbringing. My dad was a soldier, he was also a preacher, and he was also a very child abusive mother. So he abused the fuck out of me, so he also gave me no choice. Same thing to military, just I never woke me up in the morning and said, Mr. Frutch, it would do please do this, he said, get your fucking ass up and do it. If you ever had to murder to say, why? It's standing handshrie, my drill sergeant and my dad was because I fucking said so. That's why. Hi, go. One part, six, one, the fucking, nine, one, the fucking. I think that's where my style came from. It's just a no choice method of training, I had to say. I threw the rule book out a long time ago, a lot of guys study it and they come up with formulas on what's the perfect amount to do and volume and you know, all types of things like that. I guess my training method be more on the instinctive, if you're mostly a state to come in and the bottom line is until you can't do it, you fucking more. That's more what's, what's, what's CT, how many reps that I do? How many? When you leave the fucking ZM, you should be drained, you should have a hard time making it to your car. I don't care what your level is or how much ability you have. Just make sure that you leave every fucking thing that you have on that TM4. There's a satisfaction that comes with knowing that you gave your all. He's just like a fighter even if he loses the fight, but he knows that he did every fucking thing that he could and is powered to win that fight, then there's a certain satisfaction with knowing that you gave your all. The big thing that they say is my method is overtaining and I'm saying overtaining is the fucking mythical creature like a fucking unicorn and don't got them exist unless you're looking at the reading of fucking fairy tale. overtaining is the fucking myth and you heard it here first. The human body is capable of amazing fucking thing. Just try it to dumb mother fucking try it for yourself and you don't see, don't put no limitation on yourself, put your mother fucking self and see what happens. Just see what happens, prove me wrong, try it out. It's very hard to hold your body and it do dip at the same time. It's not pretty. When you did many double cheese burgers, I didn't support it. I used to eat any fucking everything because I felt like that is what it took to maintain my size. I had to eat stupid quantities of food in order to maintain the size of it. That's why I didn't know what he did. I just want to be stupid. If I made your concern was not it looks. If I just wanted to be a big side walk craggy mother fuck. Now I eat my four meals a day. I try to get a 50, 40, 10 on a protein cart that is no problem for me to eat the same thing every fucking day because I'm not eating because something tastes good. I'm eating for the fucking results. People say, oh I hate dying food. I can't die because the die is too tasty. So fucking bad. Mother fucker, you ain't eaten this shit for the taste good. You're eating because you want the results that it's going to give on the way that you look. That is the main purpose of dieting. But city flutcher is not through. I'm just getting started. Hold on. I'm a bad man. I question myself a lot growing up as a kid in a abusive home. Why did I have to live in here every day? Why, my dad's kids with single and front door are like fucker, I have to grow high. Why did this happen to happen? I saw something. Why why did this happen? Later on, when I had the open heart surgery and I'm not able to breathe. Sleep with my back up against the wall for six months. I sit on the floor. I couldn't lay in the bed. I couldn't lay flat because if I did, I was suffocating. I just asked myself why. Why did this happen? Why did I have to go through all this? Why? And now the answer is clear. My purpose is to try to help somebody else. When the people come and they tell me that I heard your story. I heard I didn't want to do the child abuse. I heard I you came back from the injury and then that came me the pussy. That gave me the drive to get through. So that's my fucking purpose, man. Because of what I said. Man, it was all worth it. All worth it. Every did it. I got a new magnificent obsessive news that is to try to change as many people's lives on the plan. The most powerful motivational speeches that I have ever heard came from people who told me I didn't do something. I was bound and determined to show them that I could. For more articles and videos just like this one, keep drumming back to bodybuilding.com.