A lot of times when I'm interacting with people at an expo or whatever it may be, back home, training in its field, they don't have the money or the financial assistance to actually hire fitness professional nutritionists. I say, what's your goal? They say, my goal is to change my life. I want to be fit. I don't really know what to do to train. I don't really know what to do with supplementation and eating. What do you suggest? You know there's a cycleboddability.com and they have more content to lead you in the right direction. When I first started out, I was a guy who'd walk into a store or go on a bottom of my common. You're kind of looking in labels. Like, okay, this is the ingredient profile, but I didn't know what any of the stuff did. I didn't know what creatine was. I didn't know what BCAs were. I was just watching our member some of the 60s second videos and just the ingredient right up and all the different articles you have. That's how I learned. And that's really where how I started. I love bodybuilding.com because it was a place that I could find not just supplements. Whenever I was younger and I wasn't quite ready for all the proteins and the added in supplements for my diet. But I found that it was a place that I could get so much more information. It would be a bodybuilding that comes always been a destination resource. To answer all those things, A to Z. Everybody that I have ever met working with bodybuilding.com, they are the nicest and most genuine people that I really ever met. And they really do care about the customers. Their reason behind their success is the quality of the people and the quality of the message. And to me, having done two trainers with bodybuilding.com, I'm just floored that I even have the opportunity to work side by side with them. They are responsible for all the inspiration in the industry. And you have the power or the energy and the commitment and the focus and the drive to change the lives of so many people. I mean, it just sets the standard. Not too out of the industry but throughout the world. Bottom and on top remains a front runner to deliver customers information. To deliver them freedom of choice. You guys share all of the information. You guys tell the whole story without only a little bit. For the absolute novice, who wants to go hit the gym for the first time. In all honesty, I do tell them, hey, go check out part of the.com. It's really key for us to give back credible information and give it back to all our users. This is a really tough industry to really learn this so much, misleading information out there. It needs to be a source where you can actually find true information that really help you reach your physical or athletic goals. You guys reach around the people all around the world and looking for ways, all different types of training, pulling from different types of training styles to nutrition to help put that together to create the very best content that you can find anywhere. It's really rare not just as a retailer but as a media destination for a publisher to remain kind of unbiased and really just say, hey, we want to arm all of our readers and all of our fans with all the information so they can go and pick the plan, pick the program, pick the product that's best for them. Whenever you're new, trying to reach your goals, it is so important that you have people around you that support you. It's really just a huge family. So if you truly want to change your life and make that transformation, you have everything you need right here. It's a life with a two minute drill. It's no time for timeouts, play like you got nothing to lose and go for the win. Everyone has their own flaws and they're not flaws but to find beauty in your strength. Over the time you get so caught up in what you want to look like, you kind of forget where you came from to really enjoy that journey. I'm a spoke on a very large wheel and it's unbelievable to be able to share that message because that's our lives. That's what we do and we're so passionate about it. They're like-minded and they set that trend and unbelievable powerful message.