Today our workout is cast. A lot of people won the black calves or two, just have a difficult time building and straking the calves. For one thing, I feel like a lot of people just don't train calves correctly. I see a lot of people who bounce the weights around, use too much weight or don't work out calves the way they work out in the other part of their body. If they were doing chest, you don't see people bouncing the weights around, but that's what I see when people train calves, especially on the C.D. calf raise, but still. When I train calves, I like to work them out just like I work out any other muscle part, which is making sure I get a full stretch on the muscle work and getting a really hard, full contraction at the top of each rep. This calf workout will only take about 20 minutes because we're keeping our rest time's low. So today's calf workout is three exercises. Exercise one is standing calf raise. Exercise two is seated calf raise. And exercise three is calf press on leg press machine. I recommend including these calf exercises at the end of your leg day. The first exercise is standing calf raise. We're going to start off with one one offset and four working sets. Each working set should be eight to twelve reps to failure. I do a warm upset to make sure I have proper form on the exercise. Also to make sure my foot placement is correct. The way I train my calves are pretty much the same for all my calf workouts. I want to make sure I'm stretching out my calf muscles and also getting a full hard contraction at the top of each rep. So for each rep, I want to make sure that I'm stretching out my calf muscle. Flexing as hard as I possibly can, getting that full contraction, and holding it for about a second, challenging them so that they will grow and they will get bigger and they will get stronger. There are different variations to do the standing calf raise. Today I actually did it with the Smith machine. Certain gyms do have specific standing calf raise machines and those work good as well. For the second exercise we're doing seated calf raise. We're doing one warm up and four working sets. For the working sets we're doing eight to twelve reps to failure. For the seated calf raise, you're actually going to be targeting more of the solius muscle. The solius is part of the calf muscle that is actually hit it. But by developing it helps make the calf look bigger overall. With the seated calf exercise, I don't like to use my body weight to help assist myself, but I do like to lean back slightly just so I can balance out my body weight and the weight on the machine. Exercise number three is going to be calf press on the leg press machine. We're going to be doing one warm up with four working sets. For this exercise we're doing six to ten reps to failure. Just like all my other calf workouts, I want to make sure I'm getting a full stretch at the bottom. You want to make sure that you bend your knees slightly to allow the weight to push back on your after it's been stretched out, you want to make sure that you're getting a full contraction and flex it, flex it hard. The full workout breakdown for this workout is on the page below. Here on Bodybuilding.com. If you have any questions for me, you can contact me on my body space or my Instagram. For more free videos and articles like this, keep coming back to Bodybuilding.com.