Exercise is my source for strength, energy and empowerment. I never feel better than when I'm kicking butt in the gym. I'm Kathleen Tassori. The goal of today's workout is more muscle building or maintaining your muscle. We're going to be supersetting everything and we're going to be hitting all the major points of the upper body. That's why I really like this because you can go into the gym, you're going to hit your shoulders, your back, your thighs, your trice. So this workout should take about 30 minutes, possibly 45, just depending on how busy the gym is, how you're feeling, let's get started on our first superset. Alright, so our first superset today is going to be pull-ups, right into dips. I really want you to go all the way up, all the way down and really can track those muscles because we're only doing 5 to 8. Let's go. Alright, so make sure that you lean slightly back, go all the way up and all the way down, nice and slow. Remember, we're only doing 5 to 8 reps. You've got this. Feel the goal of the pull-ups and the dips is for the pull-ups, you're going to be really focusing on your laps and your back, whereas the dips are going to focus on your triceps. And from there, we're going straight into dips. The important thing is to keep your arms nice and close to your body so that it runs your body on the way down and come up. Again, we're only doing 5 to 8. So focus on going all the way up and all the way down. The reason why the rep range is kind of low is because these two movements unassisted can be very difficult for people. And so I like to make it a realistic goal for people to try and get close to doing it unassisted and so the lower rep range makes it more achievable. Alright, that's the first set. Go ahead and take a 30 second breather. Our second circuit is going to contain rows, superset with chest press. And for the rows, we're going to do an 8 to 12 rep range and the chest press, we're going to do a rep range of 15. Now I put these two exercises together because you can do them all in one location. Okay, so you're just going to lean like 45 degrees back. You're just going to pull it all the way. And I don't lean forward. I just allow my arms to go all the way forward and I pull straight back. Squeeze those shoulder blades nice and tight. So the rows and the chest press, we're going to move up into a higher rep range because it's an easier movement and so we need to increase it to make it more challenging. Alright, and then we're going to go straight into chest press. So a lot of people think that you have to switch workouts all the time. But I challenge you if you have a favorite workout, do it a couple of times, get really efficient at it. And then what you can do is you can increase the amount of weight that you do, you can decrease the amount of rest. I like to go nice and slow. It really helps to build that muscle and exhaust your muscle easier without having to lift heavier weight, which is a great way to reduce injuries. Alright, that's our first set. So ahead and take a 30-second break. So my first set was a little bit light for me, so I'm going to increase by 10 pounds this time and see how that feels. I'm going to keep my core nice and tight and if you notice, I'm not rocking back and forth because I'm doing the whole movement with pulling with my back. I think that people should change up their variations each week. And you can do the closed grip and then the next week you should do the wide grip, that way you're balancing and you're achieving that balanced physique. Alright, let's move straight into our chest press. A lot of women are afraid to work chest. They feel like they don't need to work the chest or they're worried about over developing or whatever the fear may be. And you know, it is perfectly fine women to work your chest once a week. It's part of developing the overall package that overall physique. Alright, so our third circuit is going to be a lap pull down, super set with dumbbell pull overs. And we're going to be doing both of these exercises 8-12 reps. Alright, I always like to lean about 45 degrees back and pull straight down until I actually touches my chest. Make sure it's a nice and slow and controlled movement. You don't want to be like moving around like this. Nice and slow and controlled. You should be feeling this in your laps. So really squeeze those shoulder blades together as you're pulling down. The hips stay low because it increases the intensity and really increases the amount of stretch and work out that you're going to feel. You'll be feeling this in your lap and your chest area. You're going to be feeling a really good stretch but just push through it. Alright, go ahead and take a 30-second break. Grab some water if you need. We're moving into our fourth circuit which is going to be rear delts, superset it with side lateral raises. We're going to be doing 8-12 reps on the rear delts and we're going to be doing 15 reps on the side lateral. This movement is really small and you really can't do a lot of weight. What I like to do is I like to relax the shoulders. So drop your shoulders as low as you can. And then what I want you to do is I want you to keep your shoulders and almost like your shoulder blades flexed and contract a full time. I'm using 5 pound dumbbells and I could definitely feel the burn on that. Now we're going to move right into side laterals. So I'm going to start with 12 pounds but I might have to drop it down because we're doing 15. So I'm going to see how far I can get. So again, when you relax the shoulders down, don't hunch them up. Relax and down. Make sure your abs are nice and tight and throughout this whole exercise and also remember to breathe in and out. All right, here we go. So you know that it's on all my movements. I like to go nice, slow and controlled. I'm going to drop down the weight to finish my last five. For the rear delts you'll see people just swinging their arms like trying to just get them up with explosive movement and I think it's better, safer and healthier to do a slow controlled movement and don't worry about the amount of weight that you're lifting. All right, we're going to go straight into side laterals. Then roll your shoulders down, don't have them like this. Roll them down if you start to go like this. Take a pause, take a breather or drop the weight, okay? All right, I'm going to drop the weight. The important thing here is we want to hit our reps even if you have to go down and weight. The form is key to getting that nice, beautiful shake. The first movement we're going to do is called a W curl. And the W curl is where you put your elbows right into your sides and you're going to be curling upward like this so it looks like a W. The important thing is to not rock and not try and get them up like this. You're going to stay nice and controlled. Keep a really good posture and keep your elbows into your sides. Also keep that core in and make sure you keep a nice consistent breath and really focus on squeezing the biceps. And then my favorite exercise I call this the finisher, the bicep finisher, but the technical name is static curl. So what we're going to do is we're going to keep one arm at 90 degrees like this. So this arm is going to stay the way the entire time. You're not going to drop it down here. You're not going to have it up here. It's going to be 90 degrees and keep that hand open. And then you're going to curl with this side. We're going to do 15 each arm. Just really isolates. You're working two different kind of movements. You're curling, but you're also holding this arm though with the static arm in an isolation movement. So it's working both arms. Now I'm going to make this the 90 degree and I'm going to be curling with this arm. Both arms are burning. But we're almost done with our workout. It's our first superset. We're going to stay nice and controlled. Keep those elbows in at your side. That's probably the most important thing. Let's go 8 to 12. I like to save biceps towards the end because it's a small muscle. It's easy to work out and it's a great finisher. Because technically when you're working your body, you're indirectly working your biceps the entire time. So I like to save it for the end to be the last finisher to totally annihilate them, burn them out. And go straight into the static curl 90 degree, curl with the other. Don't let that arm drop below 90 degrees or above 90 degrees. So I would save this workout for those weeks that are really busy where you know you're only going to be able to hit two or three times a week or also when you're just about to maybe go out of town and you want to hit your whole upper body. The full breakdown of today's workout can be found below right here on bodybuilding.com. If you have any questions about today's workout, anything that you heard me talk about or any exercises, feel free to comment below on this video. I'll be checking back everywhere on every social media I'm Kathleen Tissori. For more free videos and articles from athletes like me, make sure you check back on bodybuilding.com.