Hi, my name is HIKIya Zayman and I am the 100th dollar Optimal Nutrition Transformation Challenge winner. I'm here today to share my journey with you, I'm to tell you about the steps that I actually went through to get here, basically through my training, my supplementation, and my nutrition. Everything that I went through from the inner challenge until now, they brought me to this point. I'm a Vama IV and I have four little ones I ran from age to age. My husband had initially started working out and then I decided to kind of take, you know, take his lead, he went on a ditted and then it was such an example. And in December I just so happened to jump up and like, okay, I'm going to start working out. And I said I'm going to do a pro-fountain buddy from dot com. That same week was when the challenge was actually announced. And I introduced it to him and the funny thing was he didn't even want to do the challenge to start with, I actually had to talk and listen to him during the challenge and then from there he just, you know, put everything in, signed up and just went at him and I made it a challenge between the two of us. And so they're like the challenge itself. It was kind of like a competition amongst us, you know, just keeping each other up and on back and forth. How are we going to do it? You know, keeping one another accountable throughout the whole two of week. Given the fact that he is a contractor and he travels extensively with work. So he was gone throughout the 12 week challenge. He was offered the 11 week team was actually only home with me that last week of the challenge when we did our photoshoot. But throughout the time we would talk to every day, we would talk to one another, see us guy. And just really kind of go through training, you know, ex help at the job that you know how was your training going, what did you do. Born on this journey has definitely been a benefit for myself and for my husband, but he's huge benefit for our family. Now that we're basically leading by example, our children see that and they acknowledge that, you know, when we're fixing, you know, our meals, they know, okay, mom is going to have a protein right now or mom is eating her chicken or telapia. And it's funny because my four year old, I'm getting muscles too. I remember one morning I was married to go to the gym and my two of my younger ones were in the family room. And they were on the floor, doing crunches and leg raises. And I like, we're getting sick muscles like mommy and daddy. With anything, it's always important to say goals. You have to really detail what it is you're trying to achieve. And I only think that I think it's really important to be able to visualize the end of the goal. Once you have a good to do that, it's been easier to try to achieve it. With us, like I said, it was just no matter of setting those goals, it's really being in the term, it's just go for it and go loud and get it. And I think that I want to get down to 10% body fat. I made a T 11 as a 10 of the challenge. It's really great because I started with 25, 26% rate. Maths and my husband, his body fat, he actually got down to 4% which is just amazing. Really, what's more impressive to me is that over the last year, we up to the inner challenge. He has lost over a total of 100 pounds. This challenge in itself has just been a phenomenal experience. From start to finish, even up into this point. When you set your mind full of utility things, you can't let anything take that away from me. And let anything stop anything that you don't want. Well, now that you know a little bit about me, let's go ahead and jump into details about my training and what I actually get to give me to this point. When my training in itself is in 10, but I've also learned that with my training, it brings me a sense of peace. When I go in, I know that when I go to those gym doors, I have a job to do. I go in and I focus and my thing is to execute everything on the floor that's on my plan without any excuses without understanding myself. But it's going full force because when I walk through the gym doors to go back out, there's no shahas. No could have, no would have. I have to leave the hall to the gym and it's going to go in the books and I stay. Throughout my training, like I said, I did a five or six days split. Typically, I would start out Monday. I would head back and have on Tuesdays. I would do chess, abs, and cardio. On Wednesday, I would do leg two cardio on Thursday. It was kind of like a more so I'm not gonna say off day, but I wasn't actually training like both words. All I was training, it was calves, abs, and cardio. Friday, shoulder, abs, one of my favorite, so workout. I like to see the striations and the shoulders. On Saturday, five and trice. That's my ultimate favorite. I love doing my arms. Well, with the challenges up like now, I do a combination of low rep and high rep. I pretty much stayed in the range of eight to twelve. And just really try to go with heavy as I could with everything. I would follow each training section with, or you training session with cardio. I intend to do cardio. And that consisted of 30, 35 minutes. The only thing is that at the end of my challenge, the really focus on bringing that body back for the center style, I pretty much, you know, select another form of cardio, which was just walking on a treadmill at a slow pace. So I did a high impact low impact. And that's pretty much it. My days were Saturday with Sunday man, all the course. And typical off day for me, it's my kids like we're not going to the gym. Like, what are we doing at home? I do so much training during the week when it's like, we're constantly going that when Sunday comes around, I really just need to dedicate some time for them. It's a little family thing. Now that you know about my training program and all the steps that I took to get to this point, we're going to move on to details on my nutrition. If you want to get full detail, go by actual workout in a training that I did, look below. I really don't like using the term diet because it's a lifestyle change. Once you can make sure it, this is not just short term. That's something we're going to do for a quick fix for one week or two weeks. It's about changing your mind, changing your life, committing to it, and then striving hard each day, you have to maintain, you have to go at it every day. Day in and day out, making sure you're getting a meal of time, making sure you're in what you're supposed to because if not, all your efforts are getting what's going to be built at that point. My meal plan was actually creating the guide for me by my trainer's seat pointer. Basically, it really contained a lot of the staple, I guess, clean eating items, oatmeal, to lobby a chicken breast, of course the veggies and then bananas, sweet potatoes. Very clean, very regimented, same thing every single day. I pretty much follow where I would do my regular meal and take the same thing for three to four days, and then rotate it a high card day. On my high card days, I would include bananas, sweet potatoes, two, three of my meals. Like I said, simple clean eating, protein shakes are in there. I have a couple meals, you have the four to five ounces of fish to chicken, and then you have your veggies. So it was really simple, I have six meals a day, and I pretty much almost stick on the time. I have timers that goes off two and a half hours tops, I'm having my next meal. I know it's very important that I have to pack my meals in advance. I like to do everything well in advance, I know preparation is a stream, king, anything we're training or eating. If you're not prepared in advance, then that's when those slip ups happen. I've learned that with doing any time for swimming, any time for change, eating, training, I mean just anything in life is mental. You have to really set your mind for it because if your mind is not there, if you're not both who's wanting, it's going to be hard to do. In the very beginning, I'm not going to lie, it was imperfect. You know, you had those days where you wanted something, I mean I have four little ones, have a pantry full of snacks. I have to go in and fix lunch, so every day I have the conscience, we make that effort, I'm going to eat clean today, I'm not going to have this snack. And then once it becomes routine, that's all it is, it's routine, and it becomes easy for me, and now it doesn't even bother me. I'm not going to know about my nutrition and all the details of what I did throughout the journey, but let's move on to my supplementation. If you want more details on my nutrition and everything that I did, look below. Starting with this journey was the very first time I had to start it when doing any time for supplements. So I was going to challenge, I was against it, completely. And the reason I did, I can't say, is that I didn't want to take anything, I just thought like, okay if I work out, go to cardio or train, then that should be enough. If not realizing that, you know, if you're following a cleaner approach or treating your training with a certain intensity, the supplements actually are beneficial in can help you. And so now that I do it, I actually do have a regiment that I follow and I stick to it every single day. From the time I wake up, I start with, you know, my fat burners, during my actual meals, I actually have vitamins and months I find them as that I take. I'm additional to the months I find them and I think it's super be complex. It's just something that I need by choice. My free workout, I take amino energy, which is by far my favorite item. In addition to the amino energy, I do the national dioxide, the white fluid, and I combine those. Also, do a school football, BCAA, it's by optimal. And that's all prior to my workout. After my workout, I do protein training, and then I also add a school football, you know, energy. It's just for recovery after the fact which is really great. I also do the fat burners later today. It's one of the cap ones, the two cap cells. I think it's prior to my third meal, not the steak and, and then the other supplementation is just the protein that I have as meals, and the other thing that I do is I do my night before or my case. Depending on which one I'm going to take that night. But from the weavering, you need to know what you're taking, what, you know, the retaining kind it, or to get the full effect from it. Because some people just take stuff, you know, you have no clue. I think it's extremely important and beneficial to really know everything that you do for yourself. I think it's important that it's going training. You need to supplement all the areas if you're taking care of your training. You're putting the full thing about it. You also need those supplements. It's going to help build the muscles that you're trying to create. It's not. It's kind of like you're going to edit and you're not getting the results that you want. And that's the only way you're going to do it with them. It's going to make those things. Now that you know all about me, it's like it more details on my training, nutrition and supplementation. Make sure you check the page below. Or you have questions for me. Make sure you're looking up on body space. My username is N.D.Y.C.E. To get more information like this, make sure to check out Bodybuilden.com.