Hey guys, I'm Scott Dorne, SMD MN from Body Space here in Burbank, California at the Colorado's Jim. I'm kind of over my training, supplementation and nutrition program. Kind of make it a little bit easier for you guys so you don't have to go through the struggles that I did to get to where I'm at, so let's go ahead and get started. So there's a time when you're training for so long where you realize you're really not making any progress. You're kind of stagnant in your routine. And for me there was a time where I literally started getting sick from working out because I was over training so much and I just was not seen any results. And so at that point I decided to take a week off from training and spend that week, literally educating myself for an entire week. When I stepped back after that week and came back into the gym, it was a night and day difference. I literally had so much information and so many different principles I could apply in the gym. Once I found BodyBilling.com and started really educating myself using those articles and really learning the proper way to train the proper way to use supplementation, nutrition, was when I really started seeing those results. So last two years that I've been training, I've definitely seen way more results in those two years than I have in those three years. So just go to show you the power of the education when you really teach yourself and understand the principles of the common training. You're going to see those results rather than being the guy who you have the motivation but you don't have the education when you can compile those two, you're going to see those results. So I already have one piece of advice, one crucial tip. It's not what you're going to want to hear because in my opinion, there's no perfect program for somebody out there. There's no ideal program, it's trial and error and that's not what I wanted to hear. It's not what we're going to want to hear. But you're going to have to go through that time to see what works for you personally and tell you're going to be able to see those changes because no two people are identical and yeah, it would be great if there was a program out there that I could just go, okay, this one's for Billy, this one's for Todd, just go do it and you're going to see results but it's not that way. You have to literally trial and error your way into a program that's exactly what you need to see results. Do your research, put your plan in place and you're going to reach your goals a lot faster. So I said let's go ahead and kind of get started with what I do specifically for me personally with my training regime. Training for me is huge. It's the basis of my day, each day kind of is planned around my training. Not to say it's the only thing that I do or the one thing that I do but it's structured my life and keeps me organized and it's a huge part of my day. If I don't have my workout in I just don't feel right so for me it's kind of that center point in my day. With my schedule actually I'm able to go in. I'm pretty flexible, you know whenever it fits into my schedule I have a schedule where I can sometimes be in there in the morning, sometimes in the afternoon so it's pretty flexible when I actually go in and train. What typical workout for me is going to last anywhere from 45 minutes to an hour 15. I like to keep it under that, anything over that and I think you're, you know, a little excessive if you're in there a little bit longer than you need to be. I vary between five and six days kind of depending on my goal at that time but I don't like to train seven days a week. I really feel that a rest day is huge and letting your body recover. So a typical training schedule for me is typically like a two on one off three on one off. Most of my workouts are basically structured around a specific muscle group. I really like to take a muscle group say for example, your try set. I like to hit each head of that muscle and focus on that muscle group as it's his own. The actual part of the muscle, the individual head of the muscle is almost as if it's own muscle and you're training each individual part of that muscle and I train that way to really fully develop the muscle and so when I train I'm only going to be training one muscle group at a time. You know as far as sets in reps go it's really individualized for me personally. I like to do four sets anywhere from 10 to 12 reps. That's what's worked for me best is to break it down that way. I'm person that you know depending upon what my goal is and the way I'm training, there's times where I'll take no rest say for example a superset. Are those times where if I'm lifting heavy for like a larger muscle group like your back or your legs, I'll take an extended rest period almost up to three to five minutes to really allow myself to put a full effort in. As far as changing my program goals it's really something that kind of comes naturally for me. I really listen to my body and I really like to do exactly what it's telling me. If I'm stagnant and exercise I'll switch something up and put something in different and that kind of comes as I'm in the gym actually looking at a piece of equipment saying you know what I haven't used that before I'm going to try it. I'm going to give this a shot and all of a sudden I have a new workout program kind of just by gradually changing things in and out. It's not like I sit down and plan something out. I just really say you know what this muscle group isn't the way I want it to be so I'm going to switch it up and change it up and try and see if I can get some more growth somewhere else. A plateau is probably caused because you're doing the same thing for so long otherwise it probably never worked for in the first place. So when you see that you know realize it and change it you know try something different. If it's not working why are you going to continue to use it. As far as like a workout partner goes I really actually typically work out on my own and the reason is it is working out as kind of a personal thing for me when I'm in there. My hats low, my head bones are in and I'm in the zone and I don't want to be having a conversation with somebody about what's going on in their day because when I'm in there I'm in there to train and I do that best by myself. Your interest in it actually following my personal training routine check out the information below the franales move into my nutrition. You can really train as hard as you want you can have a perfect training routine but if your nutrition is an on target you're not going to see the results you're asking. My life is based on meals out anywhere from two to three hours you know don't like to push over a much over three hours like to get some form of nutrition every three hours. So the foods I eat never really change. The foods that I eat just change as far as portion sizes. I mean the actual types of foods are always there that's good quality sources whether or not my goal is to add weight they increase, decrease, they decrease. So how I basically break down my meals is I'm always going to want to have some sort of source of protein, some source of carbohydrate and then a source of clean fat within that. As far as protein goes you know you have your chicken, you have your lean beef, your eggs, your cottage cheese, weight protein. The carbohydrates you're looking at you know, a good solid carbohydrate source of oatmeal, sweet potato, brown rice, whole wheat rice. As far as fat sources go you look at your almonds, all the codos, olive oil. Kind of breaking down those nutrients for protein I like to stick with anywhere from one to one and a half grams per pound of body weight. As far as carbohydrates carbohydrates are really based on your goal at that time if you're looking to add a little more size more of a bulking type of phase you're going to have more if you're doing a cutting phase obviously you're going to you know slim down on those carbohydrates. If I'm preparing for a competition or something like that I'm going to actually bust up the food scale and actually start weighing this stuff out. But if it's just during during the time of the year I'm not going to sit and weigh everything out after you spend some time weighing things out you really get a better understanding proportion sizes and you can look at something and go you know what that is roughly 40 grams of the protein and that's good that's what I need. My diet is really based around goals all year round you know whatever my goal is at that time because it's the fourth of July and a month and I want to look good I'm going to change my diet for the fourth of July if it's winter time and I'm going to be wearing hoods sweaters all around I want to be bulking up a little bit so that's kind of how I just my diet how do I want to look at that point and match my diet up with that. So as far as nutrition you know it's not something that you only do at certain periods it's a lifestyle I mean I've sure you heard that all before too this is a lifestyle it's something you need to do day in and day out. I'm not a big believer and going out and getting some dairy clean or pizza hot. A cheat meal for me is eat as many clean carbs as I can in a day and that's fun for me I mean I don't have the desire to go out and eat a piece it's just not something for me there's nothing wrong with that if you limit it but for me personally I'd rather eat a whole bunch of clean foods than go out and have a pizza. You know when you're out and you're at a restaurant you're going to go out to the restaurant and you're going to order what you want to order. Tell the waiter exactly what you want if you want your sweet potato with no butter on a tell him that you just want a sweet potato you want some broccoli and you want a piece of chicken tell him that no bring that to you it's not like you're required to order what's on the menu you know get what you want and they'll don't prepare for you. Let's all have for nutrition if you want to see the full plan below check it out let's move on to supplementation. Supplements aren't the one thing you need it's a combination of things you know they're definitely one of the things you need to add in to the successful and work out of this thing you know. It's basically adding those things in your body needs that you're not getting natural I like to sit to the basics. I like my way protein my cats and protein I like some sort of a waxy maze product as far as like a pre post work out also like a multivitamin you know some sort of a you get your a magazine with a fish oil and a black and those are the basic you know not a big fan of crazy claims saying they're going to you know add 10 pounds of muscle in a week I like to stick to basics where there's actually some scientific data behind something saying that it's legitimately going to work but I definitely feel that supplements are a huge part of reaching your goals you know it's there when you know when the real food isn't you know if you need a shake here you need a shake there it it feels in those gaps and it's a huge part of your success. Say for example if I'm trying to get really lean you know I might add in a fat burner I'm trying to gain I usually do that with food alone. Get my full workout supplementation and nutrition program check out the page below you have questions specifically you can check me out on body space at SMDMN otherwise the more contact like this check out bodybuilding.com.