I'm an image coach of Power. I'm here at Powerhouse Jeeven, Boroughak, California. Let me tell you a little bit about myself. I'm an optimist for this sponsor of the athlete. I've been in several magazines, reps, trying to muscle exercise for men. I'm also a sponsor for the body space for a smile and circle. I'm a coach of Powerhouse Jeeven, and I'm a coach of Powerhouse Jeeven. I'm going to tell you how I did just my training and supplementation and nutrition program when I was overseas. I also showed you that even if you don't have gym access or access to equipment, you can still get your workout going. You can still get your nutrition on track. I'm also going to be an assistant in Alzon, Iraq. I've been in Alzon a little bit more difficult, because you don't have any kind of equipment whatsoever. In fact, we were the first people on the scene on ground. I'm at 11. I'm literally literally the first people on ground. That made the interest in. I thought about how long you took me to get to where I got to. If I just sit and not do anything, I'll pretty much lose my job, my hard work. It'll be easier to maintain what I already have than the lettuce lie. Then go back home and have to build everything back up again. That was the driving force for me. When you look at nutrition and you look at training, it's pretty much as long as you got some form of resistance. As long as you stay within your maintenance of our calorie wise goes, you're going to be on track. So, if our resistance calisthenics works perfectly. I use sandbags and you use the rusted poses to pull ups. For instance, you have a sandbag. You can do sandbags swings. That's a great workout, but you work in core. You work in short. You're pretty much working over all body. Or you use the same sandbag and do curls with it too. So, if you're using it in a skew, it's going to be a lot of work. I don't feel like trying to do this and do that to maintain what I got. It doesn't take that much effort. It's only a third of the effort to maintain what you already built on. Not as you know a little bit about me and how I adjust my workout program when I was overseas. Now I'm going to tell you how I got my physique. I work out today. Much of what I do on the gym is pretty much stand-in. I always try to stand and everything I do is stand-in. That way, I'm engaged with core. I'm engaged with my abs. If you look around, I'm a part of the equipment-wise. Everything requires sitting. Like you sit when you're doing dumbbells, you sit when you're curling. So, I try to avoid sitting down. You're exercising. You're not supposed to sit. I do curls standing up. The shoulder press I do is stand up. All my back routine friends is all pull ups. All different variations from pull ups are really touching machines. I try to incorporate as many muscles as I can. And to work out, however, the main purpose whenever you're standing up is using abs a lot more than you would if you were sitting down. You see a lot of people do endless amount of crunches and abs work like three or four times a week. I try to do them. The most I do as it's probably twice a week. I like working now so it's five days a week. But it typically involves working the largest muscle groups twice a week. With a larger muscle group, you tend to burn more calories. Your calorie, your calorie, partitioning is better, which means the food you eat is going to go towards the muscle instead of fat. So, I start off with legs because that's the hardest to do. That's when you have the most energy. You start doing chest. You do legs. That's what I always say. And then I do back and shoulders after that on a Tuesday. And then on Wednesday, I do something like a chest and triceps. Thursday is usually off. But I take off. I take completely off. That my body recuperates. It's a full-on rest. They know cardio. No weight training. I think Friday and Saturday starts over again. Where I do legs of Friday, back and shoulders of Saturday. Direct arm work. I try to like lace it in with legs. So I do probably like barbell curls on Monday. And then next time do legs, I do dumbbell curls. If I had a plateau with my back or if I had a plateau with my legs, I would have my foot shot the day with it. Or just keep on increasing the weight. Sometimes you just have to just break through it. Just increase the weight anyway. Or another thing to do is just change the reps scheme. So for instance, if you hit a plateau with, let me give you example of front squats. You're doing it on 225 on front squats. And you can get past it. Instead of just backing down on what I have. You just do 225 five times with a pause in between. I don't notice it. Whenever I don't have a log, you just tend to stagnate. And these are what mean. This is a good way too to break through a plateau. Because you look at your last exercise and you did say five reps from that one. So you might try to play with the numbers. You say, okay, you do seven sets, three reps of 225. That's a post to just doing five sets of five, which is same amount of weight. And I actually liked some passing the number you did before. Now that you know a little bit about my training program. If you want my four workout program, check out the page below. Now let me tell you a little bit more about my nutrition. My whole approach in the nutrition is at the end of the day is pretty much calories and calories out. You know, if you eat in above your set maintenance, you're going to gain regardless. If you're eating below your maintenance level, you're going to lose. The easiest way to do is use a muffin fire. I mean, you 16, if you're a guy with a fat metabolism 15, if you're a metabolism average, 14, if you're a woman with a fat metabolism. And that's actually into a country of T.E.F., you're therming to pick a food and you're resting in the public. It takes account of everything. When I first started working out, I was making gains in strength, but I was making gains in size. And I was wondering, like, what's going on? You know, I'm going stronger, but I'm not getting bigger. Like, yeah, you're not eating, and that's why I was forced to do nothing. And then about body composition started changing. And that was the first clue I used to mean about how I'm foreign nutrition was. I based the number of meals on my mental calories I had to eat. So, without effect, it's usually about four or maybe five times a day. I used to space on my own every three hours. My protein sauce is fake, chicken, fish, and this meat. This is a cow, this is a lamb. I'm going to eat it, you know, pretty much. I'm not particularly, I look at this as a lifestyle. I don't look at this as one time event or get, you know, get it shape once a year. Because I always, you know, I like staying in shape pretty sick of five. I always tell people, try, I'll train your nutrition. It's like trying to, I just want to bear. Eventually, you're going to catch up with you. So, it's like, if you're doing all this training and all this, you're busing your butt in the gym and your nutrition is so far. It's like, you're running in place. Because without nutrition, you're not going to adapt. You're at the patient to resistance training. It's not going to be there. It's not going to be there. You're going to hit that plateau every single time because your nutrition is so far. If your nutrition is not online, you're not going to reach your goal. Now, that was my philosophy on nutrition. You check out my full meal plan. Check out the page below. Now onto supplementation. Being overseas, supplementation was a huge role. I mean, it's probably, I'm probably understanding how big the role is. Even after I got up from Afghanistan, for instance, and went to Iraq where you had, when you actually have facilities in all of that, and everything, food was like cardboard box. So, it's like many times, you just don't even feel like eating, and standing over and over and over. So, you don't have access to like best fresh vegetables. You don't have access to like fish, you know, for over a good 3, and all that stuff. So, being able to order stuff from what I've been in that comment and have it coming in 2 days, that was like a lifesaver. I think if I didn't have that supplement, I thought it would be 90 pounds right now. You're not always going to hit the micro levels that you have by far as protein was. At least I learned that lesson a long time ago when I had a plateau at far as size wise. Because I reached a certain point, I still wasn't gaining. So, and then I looked at how much protein I should have, and I was like, I looked at it, I was like, well, it was no way I could satisfy all of this with nutrition I have on hand, without supplementation. So, supplementation feels like I got. I would have to say definitely protein, and if I didn't have the way, in case I'm protein, I don't think I would have reached my goals as far as, you know, gain size. Fish show is definitely because it's official, it's probably one of the most underrated supplement out there because it controls inflammation. It's involved with 60% of the brain function, it's a precursor to hormones to mouth of item, of course, is essential to it's like most people always neglect that, but it's I look at it as like the cheers sitting there, but you don't pay attention to screws that's holding that chair together. So, those screws are the mouth eye vitamins. So, if you neglect that, that's cheers you on fall apart. So, you always don't have the time to supply your body with the micro nutrients you need, or the micro nutrients you need, so, something is still a huge role. We check out my full workout, the nutrition and supplementation program, check out the page below. If you like to ask me any questions, check me out on body space on username, it's Matt Time. For more content like this, check out BodyGillet.com.