It's been 13 years since my first trip to West Side Barbel and now I'm back. I'm back to see what's the same, I'm back to see what's different and I'm here to see what's possible if I dedicate four weeks to training under the best system on the planet with what they do today. The West Side Barbel has a 30 plus year history as the pinnacle of strength in the conditioning was founded by Louis Simmons here in Columbus. And over the 30 years Louis built West Side over 100 world records Olympians, gold medals, world champions in a myriad of sports he did it all. And when I first came here I was a broke 21 year old kid with dreams of becoming a professional strong man and Louis invited me down taught me about the West Side system and gave me the tools and the knowledge and the belief I needed to ultimately become a professional strong man and a strength coach myself. Now about two years ago Louis Simmons passed and he handed the gym over to the man who had been his second in command for over a decade Tom Berry. My name is Tom Berry, I'm currently the CEO of West Side Barbel. The question is what is West Side Barbel? Will West Side Barbel means different things to different people for us who came here. It is where Louis Simmons pioneered the conjugate method of strength training with the greatest power lifters on the planet. They had the world's strongest gym and he developed a culture and a strength training that can never be replicated. Our goal now is to work with athletes and help them recalibrate how great they think they can be through strength training. Now as we did this he also left Tom with the directive that the gym was no longer meant to focus on power lifting. We were lifting the thing that had been the core of West Side was now out and over the last two years Tom's built an athletic training program here where they trained professional MMA fighters to gypsoo athletes, lacrosse players. Again athletes in a myriad of different sports are coming here to get the best strike in the new year possible. So now I've come back 13 years after my very first trip to seek two things. Number one is West Side still West Side. Despite the fact that the power lifings have been taken out despite the fact that it's now in the hands of Tom Barrick. What is West Side? What is it today? Does it still have the same heart that it used to have? And number two if it does have that same heart. Taking this system that Louis created the conjugate training system and directing it to this in tense focus on overall athletic performance. What's possible under that system? Because I know what's possible in the original system that was just focused on pure strength. But in this system what's really possible that is what I'm here to find out. With the project this month obviously we need to figure out exactly how to measure a win a loss if I'm succeeding if I'm failing if any of this is working. So to measure my results during the month here we've teamed up with the armory which is a medical center located here in Columbus that has the most advanced and comprehensive facility I think I've ever been to. So going to the armory the first testing we did we did in the initial VO2 maps and we also did a Dexis scan to check my body fat percentage versus lean mass. So that's going to think and we also did a blood panel and to be honest I don't intend to do too much to change the blood panel but that's there so that anyone can see that I'm not taking a bunch of performance enhancers to get the results over this project. Now here at West Side what we're going to be doing in my first workout we're going to be measuring the amount of density which is the amount of work I'm capable of doing per minute average out over the workout and that's the score we're going to use to determine if I'm increasing my abilities in the gym if I'm increasing my performance because obviously I'm going to get stronger over the month training here but I used to be a professional strong man I was I was pretty big and pretty strong that's not a new thing to me what is new to me is the athletic approach that they're taking here so we're going to be using that as a metric for success. So going through the testing when I got my body fat tested I scored an embarrassing 20% body fat. I'd like to make some excuses about like I married I have kids I've focused on coaching and I might own thing. Not great. Came in at 20% body fat. I'll put up my VO2 max scores you can see exactly where that ended up as well and then we'll give you after we do the first workout where my workout density was as we started but looking at all of these metrics this is how we're going to determine success or failure over the project and to be honest the attention no matter what happens is to share these results as we go. So if one improves you're going to see the end. If one stays the same you're going to see that at the end. If one falls off and crumbles as much as it will crush me you're going to see that at the end too. The only goal on this project in terms of sharing it with you is full transparency of everything that happens here and all the results that come from it. Good, bad, or ugly. Next week I'm going to be sharing the results of what happened in my very first workout and telling you exactly what my plan of attack is from here going into the remainder of the month. But I need you to come into the next episode with very low expectations. Maybe I had a phenomenal workout. Maybe I had the worst workout of my life and thought I was going to die. You'll find out in the next one but I'm excited to share this adventure with you in really. Can't get worse than this.