You're looking at a man today who lost about 105 within a year. And the reason why I'm here is because of bodybuilder.com. The reason why I'm breathing today is because of bodybuilding.com. I dare friend of mine that I grew up with. He passed away over heart attack and he was 37. I was looking at his casket. I didn't see him. I saw me. I got a wife. I got a six year old son and a one-year old daughter. I couldn't let that happen. I decided to look on you guys website, a founder website, and look at how the transformation page was. It was a gentleman there. He was about my age, 39, 360. He was 360 about the same height, 510. And in one year he lost about 100 pounds. He said, okay, this is me. That didn't move me as much. What reading the story really did because as I was reading the story, why he did it. He was on a couch. What is wife? What is daughter eating chips? And as I'm reading the story, I'm on a couch with my wife. What my son and my daughter eating chips. And that kind of put everything in perspective for me right there saying, wow, this can't be right. This can't be life. I shouldn't be doing that. I promise myself, I said, I'm going to give myself one good year. Eat and clean and work it out. After the year, I couldn't kill us. I just wanted to get through one year. If I could get through one year, yeah, I could get through two years. I could get through three years. But I just said one year, if I can make it through one year, things will completely be changed. I hit my 100 pound mark and I was in tears. Reason why I was in tears for two reasons. One, I shouldn't have gotten to that size. Second reason why I was crying, because I just know I lost the 100 pounds in ten months. It's funny who you are inspired. I'm trying to be like some of these guys and I'm trying to be like, some of these guys. I'm trying to be like, some of these guys. I'm trying to be like some of these guys, and girls who's working out and doing shows. I'm trying to be like, you guys. But they all tell me, no, you are inspiring us to work out harder. Because you're in the gym every day. You and the hardest working person that we have met. I had no clue. Even when I started, you know, the first three months. And I only lost five to ten pounds. Individuals, hey, you keep coming here. Oh, you, you, you, you muscle guy. Why are you talking to me? You know, I'm feeling all big and out of shame. But I'm inspiring other individuals. And not even know it. Why the build it I come saved my life.