My name is Preston Noble. I'm a little bit about myself, come from a family of six kids. A group just since I was a little bit always playing the sports with my dad and my siblings just fitness activities. I always been part of my life studying being exercise wellness major, planning going into physical therapy. I have done one bodybuilding show. It was just this past November, the NPC Western Regional. I had never thought of doing a show before. I just barely started training this past year in June, so about seven months ago. I'd always been a little muscular, but I wanted to get bigger and feel that I was working out and one of my buddies was just like, hey, I did a couple of shows years ago. I was like, oh, really, I had no idea you could even do amateur shows. So when I found that I got really excited and started training right away for it, I felt like I did really well. I got second in the novice and fourth in the light heavy open class. But the biggest change in accomplishment that I felt so far is just probably a change that I've seen inside myself, having to do with just the spiritual emotional physical all the aspects of life that just being healthy and fit can bring out in something. So, love bodybuilding.com going on and just reading all the different articles, different workouts that people come out with. I've never really stuck to a program longer than maybe a month. I'll do one, I'll be seeing the results, I love it, and then I'll read something new and I just want to try it. It's worked for me and it's helped me a lot to be able to just recommend different teams and programs to get different results to lots of different people. On my basic training now, I was just six days a week. I always take the Sundays off for the rest. I'll do my cardio in the morning. I mean, I like to stick to the basic, you know, chest and try, back and buy, steps, and I'll go do some legs and shoulders on the same day. I tried to keep my workouts, generate a little shorter than before. And now before I started training, it goes two to three hours, sometimes. Now, I'm doing an hour, hour and 15 minutes. I said, sometimes I'll switch it up and I'll just be like, hey, I've been doing a whole body workout today. We'll just do it and get it done. General rep range, yeah, it's just about a 10. I'll always go on my reps and I'll just do one more, like I'll count eight, nine, nine again and then I'll go to 10. Just to make sure I'm getting, you know, one extra one in there. I try and do a five, five cadence. If I'm going to be doing like three sets, I'll do two sets normal and then middle set or just lower the weight a little bit and just go and slow five up and five down. I know a lot of people, they already incorporate the five seconds down, they're going slow down, but the hardest part is going slow and way up. Because the light weight, you know, you can just push it up, but just having that patience and discipline to just sit there and just kind of let it burn and rip is what I've liked. Trying to keep my rest in intervals, generally counting, in between 30 seconds, or in many, as soon as I'm going to have to again, I won't take any longer rest from that. And I think that that's helped in my cardio. I like switching to my cardio, I'll do some swimming in the pool, I'll go for a little blade ride in the morning, you're doing some bikes, things like that. I'm most favorite at something I just started doing recently that would be interval lunges on a treadmill. I'll just hike up the incline on the treadmill to between five and a 10 and do about a 1.8 to a 2 speed. And just sit there and do like 1 minute of walk, and then 1 minute lunges, 1 minute walk, 2 minute lunges, and switch it up like that. I know that's helped in my cardio a lot, I enjoy it, you only have to do 10 to 15 minutes of it, and you're done. And I found the studies that I've done, and it's just helped keep your GH levels a little bit higher while you're sleeping, if you're doing that before bed. So it's helped a lot. As far as I can tell up till now, I haven't hit a plateau, just every week I can just keep seeing the results. And I think that's why. Yeah, I've done some crazy, crazy exercises, just a couple weeks ago, and trying to figure this actually, I went in, I tried one of the hot and they put me over the classes, and that was honestly one of the hardest things I've done so far. That was definitely intense, and I felt like that helped lean me out a lot and shut up. Probably one of my favorite workouts is just the four-hour body program by Timothy Ferris. It was a really different principle if someone was never tried it before. On my rest day, I don't do any cardio. I get in a little bit of extra sleep actually, trying to permanently for the week coming up, make sure to plan ahead, you know what I'm going to be doing. One of my motivations that I posted on body space was mirrors. When someone can see your actual physical results, you know, congratulate yourself for that. The more one motivated you'll be to just keep going back and pushing yourself. And then just loving that atmosphere, you know, at the gym. You need a good trainer, fitness person, should tell you that the diet is super, super important. I love oatmeal in the morning, just right when I wake up, my body's hungry and I'm just, you know, craving something to eat. Now I always mix like a tablespoon of peanut butter, almond butter in the oatmeal, and scoop a protein powder and stir it up and then cook it after that. And then throughout the day, between every two and three hours, I'll eat another meal. So generally about six-eight meals a day, trying to get that perfect seven now. Just consist of either brown rice or sweet potatoes as my carbs. And then all just vary the meals in between some lean ground beef, turkey, chicken, and I go between tuna and tilopia for my fishes. It's super simple. I wake up every Monday morning and I just cook on my food, top-ward out prepared for the week, so it's all ready to go. That's what's helped me the most. I'm in the week if I just have to go somewhere and shove a couple of meals in my bag and I'm off. So I do definitely have a lot more. I just carbs everything when I'm off season. I still keep it fairly strict. For my home, my mom doesn't like going out to eat, not a lot of fast food. She always makes sure you don't have just good carbs and keep all the greens as always a vegetable and food on the table every time. If I'm even just going to buy food, always make sure to look at the labels. Going to restaurants, I always choose what I want and then go back and kind of take one thing off the list. I really want that, okay, I can do without that. That kind of acts as cutting my cheapens out. I myself haven't done the cheap meals. I have a little cheap, you know, piece of something here and there. Nutrition, diet is very, very important. I love learning about it. I love telling people about it. But that's one of the biggest changes I've had. It's just learning about my body specifically. So I would encourage people to do that because everyone's body is honestly totally different. One person can recommend something to you and nutrition-wise and it just doesn't work. I'm just wondering why I just have to go just seeking to find any answers and tell you find what perfectly fits you in nutrition-wise. I've been working on the diet for a long time. Supplement-wise, I've gone both ways. I've gone to almost the extreme using lots and then kind of going back to just sticking to the few basics. Right now, I'm just keeping it simple, sticking to the basics three. Obviously, protein, we need to have high protein intake in your body if you're going to be able to increase your muscle mass in as well as dieting down. So when you're losing the fat, you're not going to be able to take an off your muscle mass as well. Protein is absolute number one and then the amino acids. So we'll stick to the branch chain. So I like taking those in the middle of my workout. You want it to get me a little more energy throughout my workout. And then right when I'm done, it just kind of helps convert my body back between just the catabolic and antibiotic faster. It tastes great. Do a little bit of fish oils. You know, all the omega-3, 6-9 here and there. Not necessarily for the show. I did more for like skin purposes. Submutation is just exactly what the word means. It's a supplement adding on to an already good, based nutrition and diet. To check out my full program, just look at the page below. If you have any more questions about training, any information, my body space user name is Preston Noble. And for more content like this, check out BodyWilling.com.