My name is Ronnie Coleman and I'm an ATHMistilentia and current I have really broken. And I'm here today to tell you guys more about my training, nutrition and supplementation. Good week! Real quick before I give in that, I'm going to tell you a bit more about me. I got into bodybuilding and I did it working full-time as a police officer. Kind of goes back to growing up when I was a kid, my mom pretty much had a strict regimen that we followed. Before she went to work she just laid out everything she wanted us to do before she came back. When we went to school we had to come home and do a homework right away, you know, before we went out and played and stuff. If you weren't done when you got back you was in a lot of trouble. A whole head make a real solve behind. Just follow me all throughout my life. I've been training all my life and I had a pretty good background in just training but you know not training as a bodybuilder but just training just to keep in shape and training for football and training for the power of the team that counts. With the college for years and got my degree for the VF degree in the county and kind of graduated with honors and everything so I had the top of the class. Couldn't wait to get out of school so I can go and give a job in the county. So I go out and I put in probably about at least a thousand resumes. I get caught on some interviews and the thing that they wanted most I didn't have and that was experience. So I was bored so I buddy of mine said I want him going to Dallas. I like okay but I did what you can say and then do home. So I get to Dallas and I'm like now, you know, I got to do something, I need a job. I got a job but we know working with Domino's teacher part time and stuff. And I figured that I just stay there until I can get a job in the county. So to the chase through you down the road and I still don't have a job in the county. You know I'm thinking what's going wrong here? I just get to pay for every day and the only job that they had that you didn't have to have experience with a police officer. I just have a buddy of mine and like you need a plan. Like do that. That's the crazy job in the world. This time's the crazy job to like you know two years. So we just broke down and I applied and I was hired to probably about three months later. I've been on a cause where you know before I got there you know it was a big army going on and people, the other and screaming at each other and then I was sitting on walk up and they look at me and they stop right away. Then the focus is on me man you could be. Yeah a little bit. I didn't know anything about a buddy of it when I got into it. Well you've listed now I try to tell people all the time it was like a hobby for me and the reason why I started to convince me is that if I worked out. Now you saw what I said no. I got to the point where I got tired of saying no. I'm like they asked me why I'm working out and maybe I should work out and see what you can take me. So that's why I started working out. It was all a step in stone was what I was trying to say. Typically about eight, nine years of dieting, training, working to full time with the police department trying to organize all this with the family and first we had to get you know out of the amateur and we had to get to the pros and we had to get the stab just as a pro and then we had to get good enough where we could you know when the muscle amp is. Yeah buddy. That's how I try to train everybody point about twice a week. So I try to train like six days a week. It's been about an hour, about 15 minutes a day on training alone. And if I'm getting ready for a contest and stuff like that then it's another couple hours a day at cardio. I take the Sundays off one day a week. All right, the rest day is like you know, get up early about nine, have a little bite to go to church, come home, take shower stuff, get ready for work. People always ask me how do you feel muscle and how to get strong and all this kind of stuff. There's two different things that I did both, you know, the pile lifted and when I was the pile lifted we only did like a few reps at a time and we like to do like six for two or like that. That would be a strength but the build muscle you know you do a lot of repetitions like 10 and 15 20 and that's how you build muscle. It's all lightweight to me though. It wasn't a big transition because I only did pile listen for about maybe two or three years. Now when you get like eight hundred pounds of weight on your back and you really think about no competitive you think about trying to get the weight off you every rep that's what you're basically thinking about. I've always wanted to train with a partner if it's somebody that can you know challenge me and do the same weight that I'm doing but if not then I'd rather train alone. Coming up you know we push each other and it worked out really good for us. I'm much rather train with a training partner than train alone. I like to tell people just you know do like I did it. You get a personal trainer and that way you know what you're doing you're doing it the right way and then you're not going down the wrong way you're not wasting your time. If you don't have the right nutrition you're not going to grow and I learned that the whole way but I learned it in a good way. When I was a playing football and just doing stuff like that and not actually trying to get to be all I did was eat hamburgers and try chicken and all that kind of stuff. I was wondering why I wasn't growing in muscle because I was eating a lot of food but I wasn't eating a lot of good food. Protein would be a muscle but it got to be good quality protein. I try to eat about six meals a day or what I try to do is get like two grams of protein for every one pound of body weight. I try to take in about six hundred grams of protein a day like the hundred grams protein for a meal. Mass building muscle techniques of chicken, steak and turkey. It's a strict diet and we don't deviate in that one bit. Nutrition to buy the building is what our engineers do to a car. If you don't have the right nutrition it ain't going to function properly. It's like a car if you ain't got an engine in it it's going to be kind of hard to drive around and get to where you're trying to go. Without something in the patient you can't do it. When I first started in bodybuilding we didn't have as many supplements as they have today or we just basically taken stuff like amino, protein and you can't get one ounce of muscle without protein. You kind of like you know learn with the curve at time when on course you got to pre-work out drinks and post-work out drinks and get you a nitric oxide, video, you know, good. So before you get in the gym and you get good pump once you get in the gym you get you a little bit of motivation also. It's got better and better as I've gone on after years. My top three basically amino protein, creatine, basically all you may want. Bodybuilding is all about building muscle who got the biggest muscle, who got the best muscle and got the most quality muscle. I don't think I could have dead bodybuild them without something there. I'm out of fact that no one could have done anybody better without something there. Yep, if you get the right one. That's the key right there. For my full training, sub-intention and nutrition program, check out the plays below. I'm Ronnie Coleman, a time-miss Olympia and for more information for the bodybuilding.com.