When it is 20 years old, I'm 24 years old. I have my first competition in this last November. I enter the men's physique category, placed in second at a none other competitors. Right now, 2012, Viter Space, both model finalists. I've always been involved in sports, training with my father since I was little. You know, he trained me with basic power lifts and various techniques on speed for football per se. But what happened was I wanted to become a like this meat fridge. I really didn't know a lot about nutrition. So like I said, I was like kind of like meat-free with all its power and speed, but not really that much definition. So I took it upon myself to do a lot of reading and I found by thebillin.com, which you know, offered a lot of support to Viter Space community and a lot of information on proper nutrition and exercise, and I use that to my advantage. If it was a mindset that was instilled in me when I had a young age by my father, and I've been doing it for so long that it's just a part of me. So if I were to not train, and I feel like I'm treating myself almost. So basically that's why I stay with it. It's almost like a competitive nature, it's what drives me in and out every day. If you treat your body well, it'll treat you well in the turn. So by feeling your proper nutrition and training it with regular exercise, you know, you're looking for basically overall better health, which will need to longevity. And that's what I find, you know, that keeps me in business. I co-tries with football, so I'm able to give back to the youth at today. I'm giving the freedom to teach them, you know, proper nutrition and proper exercise. And there's an indescribable feeling that I get just knowing that I'm not only changing their body composition, still this proper nutrition exercise, but I'm changing the mindset. And maybe, you know, they could take you then, that mindset may pass to the family. I mean, we don't eat this healthy, or you know, it takes a certain risk and, you know, a dominant effect to come out of this, to where everybody starts living, healthy, fit life's life. My mindset and philosophy and training is going there with high intensity. Don't go in there to power a ticket, to talk around, you know, put your eye out, how to throw your hood up and do what you got to do. Go out there, 100% and train your body in the way you're supposed to train it. I like to take 45 seconds to a minute between sex. I like to keep that 45 minutes long, my workout, so I'm eating now and I, you know, I'm winning there with my whole. When I come, it's my whole. I usually train 45 days a week, you know, it depends on what I'm training for. If I'm training for a competition, I keep it at five days a week. So it's right now I'm training five days a week, and I do body part a day. I love doing legs on Monday. Now, there's a why is because it's starting new week. It's when I'm most amped about getting in there, and the leg day is most taxing. So I figured, let me get it when I got my, the most energy. So I do that one day. I like to separate the pushing poles, so I don't overwork any muscles. So I do chest on Tuesday. Wednesday will do back. Thursdays off in my body of ass, I love best days. Friday for this competition, I'm working on my shoulder caps, so I want to be a little bit of shoulder cap work and mainly shoulders. And then Saturday would be arms, and then Sunday, I have more. Well, the sets you mainly have from three to four, my rep range state from eight to 12, that's when I feel like I get the most type of trophy from my workouts. There's a lot of techniques in the way I train, I like to add, you know, drops, etch, triple rye sets. It depends on what I feel like. If I feel like my chest is like a little soft, I'll add a couple drops. Just do a belly out of the definition, or, you know, where arms are due triple rye sets. I do a lot of best pauses, you know, just to keep variation, just keep me excited to get back into the gym. I mean, if you're new to this and you want to come in and you want to keep yourself more with it to get in there, go in there, bring out a workout partner. You guys motivate each other and just make sure that you always had a different techniques, do a lot of reading, find, you know, different things that you could do, just the ad variation, go from three weights to machines, you know, different weeks. On your off season with cardio, I like to keep it around three to four times a week, now keep that low intensity, now I do maybe like an incline speed walk, or I'm doing a look to call for about a half an hour keep my heart rate in between a certain range. But when it's when I'm training for a competition, it's five days a week, four to five days a week, and it's interval training. So I started for like two minute walk, two minute jog and I'll go back and forth for about 30 minutes, then like two weeks later, I'll do a minute walk and then a jog, and I'll do that for about a week, and then I get into a while I'm doing a minute jog and minute sprint, and that's very taxing. And I do a regular morning, I do it on a fast and stomach. It's what I feel works best from me. When it comes to rest days, I take full advantage of it. I sleep in eat. That's basically what I do, and I love it. Especially when training for competitions, I mean you're training your body to the max. So your body needs that rest. I've reached many platos where you know, you're just going there like, I can't push any more weight or you feel like you're getting a week here. So what I do to overcome those is I either add more variation, or I usually work out by myself, I'm grab a training partner, and I'll train your past failure, and I'll do this for about two or three weeks, you know, and usually I'll get stronger from it and push myself past that platto. Now that doesn't work, and basically you're about to start something you need rest. So you know, you might not want to, you got to take that week off, but you're about to heal, get this in time, feel it the right way, and then get back to it, and usually you pass that platto. I have absolutely zero calves. I have no calves, and I'm upset about it. It's just, I guess it's my genetics, I train them hard, and I train them heavy, I just don't throw, and that bothers me because I like having a big lead work, but I mean, they just don't really develop on me. You can train as much as 10 to the years you want, you can train me day and day out, but if you don't fuel your body with a proper nutrition, you're not going to get anywhere. Maybe stock on a platto, day and a day out. You got to get an overall aspect of, you know, what was best for your body? I like to see that 40% of my caloric intake should be carbohydrates, 40% of it, should be protein, and 20% should be fat. It's being carb defeated. I like to add the fat up a little bit to maximum limit 30% just to give me that extra energy, you know, that I'm lacking from being carb defeated. Carbohydrates, I like to say with complex carbohydrates, you know, they give you a sustained release of energy. I mean, I add my simple carbs in there too, and it's just because it's, it's increasing insulin, it's a spike in insulin, which I help show the nutrients after, after work out when you're like a gym defeated. What mainly stay with the complex carbohydrates, it's your brown rice, it's your multi-bring rice cakes right here and there, but when it turns out for a competition, I don't use root bread as for fats. I take in nuts, seeds, abocados, I like to do with me mega's, and this basically provides me with insulin free energy. So basically, it doesn't affect your blood sugar, which is good because you evade the crash, you evade the crash, you evade the heart of feelings, you know, as the blood sugar varies. Proteins I like to stay with complete proteins will be my, to a lot here, my salmon, my chicken grass, my ground turkey, my beef, you know, and they're complete because they provide all the body with the full set of your central amino acids. And then I also have my incomplete proteins, which is like my rice, my vegetables, things that I need to better also get in my diet. Meal free protein is very important. I eat about 68 meals a day depending on what time I throw myself out of bed, or if I'm very hungry, you know, maybe I'll throw an extra meal in there. But I like to keep it between two and a half to three hours. You gotta look at your metabolism as a campfire, and the food that you fuel is the wood for the fire. So every time you put one in two of fire, your metabolism increases. Each meal is going to call for a different amount of calories, and you gotta figure that out on your own. You know, like in your morning, you're going to have your fat, you're going to have your compost carbs, you're going to have your protein, which will call for a lot of calories. But then let's say when you're at night time when it's before bed, you don't want to have all that fat, or I don't call for hydrate, so it's going to get system lower calories. As a good course of competition, I don't go out with my friends, I stay away from the temptation. I mean, it's like seven weeks out, that's it. I'll see you guys later. And I don't want to do temperature drink. I don't want to be tempted to eat bad foods later in night, but that's just me. That's what I feel looks best for me. I'm not a big believer in cheat bills. I mean, a lot of people use them for psychological effects. I don't believe in it. I see it as if I have a plan I'm sticking to it. I don't be all of it. You know, I feel like cheat years are kind of for the weak card if I'm not trying to pretend to have a position or a fuller suit. I mean, I've not tried to have greens, you know, I've looked at you here and there. That team is cheating because I don't have a set plan. Once my plan is set, I don't feel off that set plan. We need the creative team. You need the glutamine. You need the branching of amino acids. You need your Omega's. You definitely need your protein. When you're training a body with high intensity, your body becomes the pleated of many of these branching amino acids or, you know, glycogen and protein and your cells are being broken down and they need a supplements to help enhance and repair. I like to take good of me. I like to take a first repair purpose and because, you know, it's involved in increasing protein synthesis for that area of your body. I take five grams of four and after workouts, along with before bed, creating, creating. I find it's very important. I feel like it's deemed with the false reputation that it only floods your cells with water and, you know, it means that after discontinuing the use, but it has much more than just minimizing effects. Yeah, I think it would in terms of ATP, which is density triphase and that's the chemical energy for the body and what it does is when you take and create team, you load up your body with phosphocreatin and what phosphocreatin does is get stored into most of fibers and it's there to donate a phosphate leaf to your ATP, which becomes ADP after, you know, release the energy. So, this is the phosphate leaf and it's the storage of ATP levels. So, basically, the more creatin you supplement in your body, the more energy you'll have for maximum muscle performance. I also like to do conjugated linolic acid. I use that for weight management purposes. It's set to decrease your appetite. I take omega is right in the morning. I use them for their insulin-free energy, no blood sugar changes. I also supplement a branch phenomenon acids. Now, branch phenomenon acids are vitally important to have in your diet and they're very important to supplement with. I take them in the morning. I take the full workout to take it in my postwork out shake and I take it even before bed. Now, this is why it takes so many is because during an intense workout, your branch phenomenon acids are profoundly broken down. And your body can't produce branch phenomenon acids. So, it's important that you supplement with them so your body has sufficient amount. By supplementing with the branch phenomenon acid, you protect your muscle tissue. Now, you protect your muscle tissue because the body will break down those branch phenomenon acids before the breaks down your muscle tissue. So, by having enough, it protects it. Proteins vitally important. It's a cornerstone of all sub-intention. I take that before and after workouts, I'll stick in the morning with my old oats. I prefer weight protein over any other type of protein. Now, the reason why I prefer weight protein is because it's fast absorbing. You get the most bang for your buck because 90% of it is pure protein. I don't change my supplements at all. I use supplements basically for the scientific purposes and what they offer my body. I don't really set it on or off or tape it on or off. I use the milligrams set, you know, our re-dub bottle, whatever it says, that's usually how I take it. For all my nutritional information, for my sub-intention, for my workout programs, please check out the page below. If you want to get a contact me contact me through your body space, my body space name, username, is Landback at 1025 and for more content like that, please check out BodyBloom.com.