The Muscle Builder program was developed over 15 years of working with some of the world's best experts, like Neil Hill, Dory and Yates, Bradshaw and Flex Lewis, J. Cutler, and Working with Clients, trial and error on myself and within the lab, and I've structured that 15 years of work into this plan. If you know anything about me and my approach to training, you'll know that it's just as much a mental war as it is a physical one. I try to push myself deeper into the froray and I use anger and my curiosity on how far the body can take itself as my means. That's my fuel. Every day, every meal, every rep can't move. Let's get into today's session, just finish doing biceps, carbs and abs. I felt really good, you know, five days in a row, finished strong. You know, I'm really starting to get into this momentum now. Because you're going to be training along with me following my plan following my nutrition plan, my supplementation plan, you need to take on the same mindset as well. Something that's going to work for you to get through this pain and anguish that you're going to put in front of you. Some people have said that my training is a bit sloppy, they won't render good results. Well, I've got good results from a year after year and serve my clients. Try following alongside with me following the same sort of protocol. There's a difference between sloppiness and controlled application. And I figured that this is controlled, but it's intense and that's what may be a missym. You're missing that intensity and it's alien to you. Try and find it and experience it. That's what we do. We break the muscle tissue down. We feel sore the next day because we've torn down as muscle fibers. Our job is to come in and annihilate, stimulate, get out and then recover that damage. To shoot. The techniques I've integrated into the muscle building trainer are DTP Y3T, HIT, German volume training, FST and various forms of intensity protocols such as giant sets, super sets, negative. So any training application that you want, believe me, you've got it. We're on the way to the gym right now. It's going to be week three of Y3T and you've got it. It's called the annihilation week. So let's mentally and physically prepare ourselves. All these various training protocols are designed to put on muscle mass. By targeting your type 1, you type 2, A, you type 2, B muscle fibers, completely breaking them down and using every energy system. Basically, we're going to be putting your body in the perfect environment to build muscle mass. Over the next three months, your training program is going to be broken down like this. The first three weeks will be the Y3T principle. Week four will be the FST. Week five will be the German volume start training. Week six will be the HIT. And then the following six weeks will be the DTP Extreme. So let me briefly break down these training strategies for you. For the first three weeks, you can be following Y3T. Y3T is broken down over three weeks. The first week, you'll be following mainly a lower rep principle of around eight repetitions. The second week will be following more of a higher rep when I go to 12 repetitions. But then for the third week, that's our annihilation week. We'll be going much higher volume through drop sets. And then on week four, we're going to be following FST, which stands for Fassier Stretch Training Principles. So we'll be stretching the Fassier and contracting the muscle in between every set. And either at the beginning or the end, we'll be focusing on one muscle group and one exercise. We will all do seven sets continuously back after a 50 second rest. In week five, we'll be moving on to the German volume training principle. We will be applying 10 sets of 10 reps on each muscle group. In week six, we'll be moving on to the HIT principle, which is the Dory and Y8 style of training. Very low volume and we'll be combining both compound and isolation movements into this week. For the remaining six weeks, you'll be following the DTP Extreme principles, which will be a lot of volume, but it'll be extremely heavy weights as well to put your body in a perfect and a ballic state to build muscle. You'll lengthen the workouts are going to differ from week to week and depend on that body group. If it's a larger body group and it's more volume, then it's going to take maybe an hour and a half. If it's a smaller body group with less volume at blood, then maybe only 45 minutes. I know you probably want me to tell you exactly how many days a week that you're going to be training and what body parts you're training with and other. But I honestly can't tell you because it changes every week. So it's essential for you to come back every single day to collect your workout, your body parts splits, and to understand when you're not training days are. Your chest and triceps should be obliterated and sore from yesterday's workouts. This is what it feels like if I'm tired sex for a long time. My non-gets are muscle because I'm able to do that again. Can you do that for a while? Leg press, how low? I don't know what the fuck you're doing. I'm going to go on a diet or on my hardcore trainer, you are following steady state cardio. On this plan, it's going to be high intensity interval training. The reason being as while you're putting on weight, you need to be able to apply the intensity especially on a DTP extreme portion into your weight training plans. So once again, you'll be doing high intensity interval training every single day of the plan, including rest days. Good morning at say nine. Hello and welcome back to day 10. Day 29 of the muscle builder is here. We are racing through this. Drone person there. Shouldn't operate machinery when you're drunk. Second time he's thrown up, but he's a warrior. He's going to finish this workout. Before starting the muscle building plan, make sure that you watch the program overview, the nutrition overview and the supplement overview. Expect obstacles and inconvenience. Eat those two words for breakfast, and shithead commitment and consistency.