You know, you're asking me if I get sick of being a bodybuilder never. I mean, I love lifting weights, that's what I do. I'm gonna take it, come on. Ah, back on the shelf, come on. Almost every night, seriously. What is it coming in? When's it coming in next? What do you think people think? The most can't believe that they can get that big. Oh, they are just winning. First time you say, I'm, it's a lot of looks. Everyone goes shake this hand, interrupts his workouts, takes pictures. Well, thanks very much. But Jay, it has never turned one person down ever to take a picture, to do an autograph, to talk to someone. He's always been out of his way to help everyone out. When Jay comes in, everyone wants to be like Jay. Not like Mike, everyone wants to be like Jay. The biggest achievement that I'd never expected was to give the motivation to a lot of people when I was just trying to be motivated myself to go to the gym. You know, I train in public because I don't want to be surrounded and locked in the lifestyle to the extreme. I mean, I live in it day and day out. You know, I'm cooking and training and never stepping out of the shoes of being who I am, and that's Jay, color, the bodybuilder. So, for me, I have my own sanctuary, which is pretty much my office that, you know, here. I look around at the achievements. I'm surrounded by what my life from the beginning to now has become. So, for me, it's enough for me. And yes, I have some function equipment in the gym, like cardio vascular, and that kind of things which are necessary in the morning. I don't want to have to drive to the gym, so that allows me to be able to get in what I need to. And of course, I leave all the weights to the gym. They have the most weights. I like to do variety. You know, I move heavy dumbbells, so, you know, I work anywhere between 25 to 160 pound dumbbells most often. So, that'd be kind of a big collection to have in your home gym. And the way I look at it is I'm always going to wait trained, but not to that extreme. You know, I think when I retire, I mean throwing around 100 something pound dumbbells, I mean that's probably not going to happen as much. So, it's kind of pointless to build something that's not forever. You know, I think the biggest misconception is that we do things really extremely different. And that's not necessarily the case. It's very, very basic. What a professional bodybuilder does. And I'm just speaking, I'm my own behalf. I mean, I've been basics since the beginning. You know, I had certain monogenetics that was outclassed with. You know, I started a specific diet. I stuck with the basics of training. I get a common question all the time. People approach me and they say, Jay, what's the secret? What's the secret? And there is no secret. It's the secret is. Is progression, consistency, dedication, day in, day out. The certain body parts I do like to train harder. You know, I might train arms. Little lighter, whereas, you know, back training, late training is a lot heavier and harder. What I like to usually do is structure. You know, rest days around those training days because they just sometimes it can be pretty intense. Yeah, anyone asks me, what are you training tomorrow? I usually have an idea. But if they ask me what time I could even tell you the time I wake up in the morning or time, go to the gym. And if I tell you the time, even an hour before I'll never be on time, that's how I work. I don't have really scheduled training partners. I have people that picked up and trained with me here and there. They kind of know just, just, I'm on call and, you know, just let me know an hour before. So, of course, they can get food and get the training where it, where to meet me. I'm done there. I'll still have... let's do some dumbbells. They're stiff and when you don't have a team, you know, have a structure where it's like, you know, a time schedule where you're, you know, expecting people to show up or some places going to be open. Vegas is, I mean, that's why I train here. It's the best place to train at. It's like an athlete's playground here pretty much. We just, we train 24 hours a day and eat 24 hours. And I mean, nothing is no weather variables. Everything is just in tune with what you're trying to do because you can just make it any kind of structure you want. And the result will be the same each day. Every day's similar. I mean, I don't listen to music. So, like, you hear these stories about guys listening, who's a good named up and going. For me, it's not really an emotional thing. We're, I'm very driven to do what I do and I realize the job on hand. So, I don't need that extra anger or any kind of frustration to train any harder. You know, I surround myself with people sometimes. If I need extra motivation, I'll get some of the go in the gym and push me. I get some people pick up some weight sometimes. I want more stuff with that kind of... Well, I'm going to do one more stuff with that kind of humor. Everyone knows what I do in the gym. You know, everyone always trains harder than you. No matter what you, I train as hard as him. I could be a size if I had the opportunity to work, not work, and go to the gym. So, no one, you can ever teach anyone training advice. We talk about spending money for food and all this other stuff. I mean, that's when a thousand dollars a week on tissue work is crazy. Anyone that weight lifts weights, you're tearing down muscle tissue, so you're going to have breakdown of the tissue that's going to get it keys to other tissue. So, what we're trying to do is, it's take the stress off that muscle, keep the muscle healthy. And, of course, flexible, pliable and it's going to help with muscle growth. It's going to help with flexibility and it's going to help avoid any injuries and even fix injuries. When it's something so tight, you're not going to get the blood in there, like you need to. And that's what happens, like, with a lot, like, my hamstrings get super tight. So, when I train my hamstrings, I don't get, like, say, the pump that I might get when I do chest or whatever else. You have super tight muscles and no flexibility and no stretching. Your muscles aren't going to grow. This is going to help with all that. This guy's, I guess, think is a car parked, or I train. But he's the specialist in this act that release him. He's probably the guy in Vegas that, I mean, I haven't gone to him since 2003 or four, has he been a staple of my success in my career, absolutely. So, I wanted you to hamstring and the flat force and shoulder. I can get in. Whatever he feels. I had last week gone from yourself. But I do want to get this hamstring that inside canal. That where we were last time. When you wake up, you get in there and then, you see how that feels. But you can feel there's a spot on the inside of the hamstring too. Yeah, that's actually a pretty sore guy. The normal person, if you're looking at the quad, I may only have a couple inches of tissue. If you look at the ATM hocks, I mean, it's 30 passes to the two. And he's getting bigger. I mean, Jay's dense. So what happens is, especially with the inside of that tissue, those fibers in here and stick, like a paintbrush, with the fibers all here and here together. So as they start to stick and bind, it creates a scar. And what I'm doing is I'm finding those areas of concern. I'm taking a contact on them and I'm holding a translated context. I'm not highly compressing the tissue. Even though there is compression, I'm trying to get those fibers to break free. So they can fill with blood. Ah, oh. Ah, it's... Oh, my goodness. Oh, my goodness. Ah, right there. Oh, oh. You have to laugh at her so much, no? That felt amazing though. So much of her. The biggest, the most impressive thing is that each year it gets better. I do with a lot of world-class athletes, thousands. You know, a lot of guys post season. There's a big change in their physique. Jay's days pretty much, that's best to men, if you will. You're around looking great. Right in there, bud. Yeah. There's the hamstring. Yeah, that's a hamstring with a little bit of a doctor. Good, come back. I don't know what that looks like on camera, but it's like... It gets up by how hard he's working. But when he raises your head, there's things like... Like, we discussed this, the necessity of certain areas on my body. He's like, you know, a lot of places where people won't, you know, go to really really leave what stock, you know. He's like, well, you have to get in third places. It may not be the most comfortable, but... You've got to put in the time. And he does that, whether it be my table or the gym. I mean, you have to have a pretty trained eye to even see some of the areas of major injury. And Jay's had his very share of injury. He's worked through it. If you were to look at the recovery rate in which he had on the bicep, you know, it's a little bit of luck. Great surgical, but great rehabilitative effort. I mean, just sometimes that you can't rehab. It's like putting together two ends of a paintbrush. That's a feet, man, right there. That's a huge feet. He worked for. You can see a little bit when I do a front-lash for it. See that, you know. You can see it as... You can see in the right light when you get on those stage lights you can see it. Because the belly tour too. That's why they told me it won't, you'll never have flexion in your arm again. Twice that I'm never going to compete again. They told me it would never be hard if it'd be soft. So when he healed the guys, like, I don't know how they healed, but he said we tied it super tight. So let's hope that he heals right and he healed okay. And it was hard as a rock like right after. It made it bigger, so now I gotta... Yeah, that one's this one's gonna be bigger now. Go! Up here! Push it. The unique thing about me is I don't have a set schedule, so it really varies on day to day how I feel and when I train is determined on how my body feels. Typically I go by the basic guidelines. I try to eat three or four meals before I train for sure. Most importantly is my sleep. I'm sure they sleep enough, which is really only about five hours or night, four to five hours. But typically I train really, really late. I avoid the crowds. I don't go by any set schedule and I don't train on a specific body part schedule. I just train specifically how my body tells me that I need to. So if I'm scheduled to do back or chest on a certain day, I might switch it and do leg. Sometimes I grew body parts differently. It kind of go by feel, but I'm really sore, I'll take a day off. I don't have a set day off schedule, like those quick people take a Sunday off. I don't do that. I just regularly go by feel and that's helped me gain great success all the way along my career. It seemed to be the best thing for me. Okay! Go! Up here! So I like to keep the weights ready heavy and do lower reps. Obviously, what happens is when you train with as much volume as me, you can't do as many repetitions, because you'll just burn yourself up. I mean, you have to have one or the other. You're going to do less weight, more repetitions and less sets. What you're going to do a lot more sets heavier weights and less reps. So I choose to do the heavier weights, less reps, more volume, pump the muscle, keep filling it up, hit the angles. I wanted to have obviously freakish body parts. It was never really like I want to rise on me type of thing. It was never an ego I want everyone to notice me. I wanted to look presentable where I walked around when I wasn't in contact shape and I just was big and round and people admired the muscles. I think pretty much I've secured the legacy and the competition stage. I really don't have any real specific goals as far as my physique as far as I'm not going in the gym and saying, well, I need to have my legs up too much as big or anything like that. I think with me it's more on the aspect of the legacy of Jay-Color and where it's going to go from here. I'm going to take a look. I'm going to take a look. I'm going to take a look. Mentally you have to be in a little crazy. People approach me and they say, Jay, what's the secret? What's the secret? I don't like eating anything. If you ask me what my favorite food is, I don't have a favorite food. I don't look forward to eating it all. You're a living legend that's what's amazing about what I do. I'm going to take a look at this all the time.