I am Sean Hart, an active service member and the U.S. military. I'm the winner of the 2010 Military Challenge and I'm currently a bodybuilder and calm team member. I've been working out with injuries my entire life when I was five years old. I got burned on my arms and my back and legs. About 75% of my overall body and I was paralyzed for about two years. I didn't have four use in my left side and I still don't have complete use in my left side, which is a bit of a challenge. My physical therapist started me with some training like medicine balls and things like that. From there a lot of my training allowed me to bring my arms back to almost four use. And I went on and lift weights and become a lot bigger and stronger from it. And I've been inspired by some and I've been inspired others and it's just I get really motivated by one of the jump because it means more than me than just lift some weights. It's a lifestyle for me and I continue to do it for the rest of my life. Well I really didn't have a choice. My dad, he was in the training and my brothers was in the training. We started out with like water weights and eventually we graduated to the cement and then I got my first set of steel weights. And so I just fell in love with weights from the beginning. It was like the big thing in my house and we all wanted to play football and play different sports. And we all just got into weights and we just really enjoyed it. We did it as a family. The motivation is all the service members. The army, the Marine Corps Navy, Air Force, Reserves, National Guard doesn't even matter. All of those guys out there and I've seen a lot of them overcome a lot of obstacles. And since I'm active service member, I just motivate me to just give it them all. I see them give their all every day. And I see some of them pay with their lives. So that just gets you pumped up. And when I get into gym I just go home. Now that you know a little bit about me, I'm going to take you through some of my training principle. When you don't range, like we like to call it, if you don't range, you do it a lot of different obstacles. Some days you won't be able to work out. Some days you won't be able to train at all. And if you can't train, then you just got to overcome that. Next time you come up to that next training day, like say for instance, your back day was on Monday. And you had the work or you had to be out of the wire on Monday. When you come back in, you make Tuesday your back day. But if you out the wire and you want to keep some training up, you can do some push-ups. We wear a vest that weighs about like 12 pounds. And we look that around. So you can plenty of work out. But the traditional workout is a little bit different for us. So you just got to find ways to create workouts. Do push-ups. Maybe buddy assist to push-ups or buddy assist that on military press. There's just a lot of different things you have to create. You got to just be very creative. Pull-ups are really good as well. And sometimes we take tires off on. And then we take him into a big truck and we'll flip those tires. And that can be a great work out as well. So I do back in biceps on Monday, chest and triceps and Tuesday. On Wednesday I normally take an off day. Thursday I'll come back with my legs. Then I'll hit my shoulders and traps on Friday. And on Saturday I'll come in and do biceps and triceps. And that'll take another day off on Sunday. I rest two days a week. And I'll arm me when I'm back home and I'm not deployed. We do plenty of cardio because we do cardio every morning. We run about five miles every morning. Because I get so much cardio doing work, doing my own work time. I don't really need as much cardio on my off days. So I kind of straight away from cardio. I let off day be a complete off day. And I just stick to my diet and that's all. Pretty much all I do. I normally train compound movements. And I lift as heavy as I can. Because I figure as long as my nutrition's right. I just like to build as much muscle as I can. So I'm going there and slap as much weight as I can and try to use a best form. I keep set to rest around eight to 12 repetitions and set somewhere around three to four. When I have a plateau it's always good to have a partner because you can help you do negatives. You can also do peer meets and all the stuff that I've learned on bodybutton.com. And if I'm really stomp, I'll go on bodybutton.com. I find a new workout because maybe I've been working that same workout too long. Maybe I need to adjust fire and go ahead and try something new. So I'll pick up another guy's workout and attempt to do his discipline. See if that works. I have a partner in there because a partner can motivate you. My partner will motivate me when I didn't feel like getting up. I've been working like a 18 hour a day. He's kicked me in the butt and say, hey, come on. Let's go on this run or let's get up and get in the gym. And that was pretty hard because a lot of times you don't want to do anything after a long shift. Or you spend in a guard point. You just want to go to sleep. But he gave me up and I get him up when he was motivated. So you need somebody over there. You need a buddy. And you get in the gym when you get in there and you just give it to him. To get my four training program, look at the page below. Now let's get into nutrition. Just my diet a lot because the food is not as plentiful down. You don't have as much food to eat. You may end up having to drink a lot of protein shakes in order to keep the protein and take up. Have a good support system at home. My family will send me things constantly and so do Zangil. I'm not proper company with send me things like tuna and chicken and packages. And I would use that to keep my nutrition up. I believe in eating clean. I try to eat about six meals. I spaced them out about two to three hours of park. Three of those meals are made protein shakes. The rest, my eating some tuna. I like eating all of the court tuna. It's really good. Maybe squeeze like a lemon in there. It tastes really good. Also eat a lot of chicken. When I can afford it, I'll get some salafia. For car, I'll eat like sweet potatoes or whole grain rice. Right before I go to the gym, I try to take some carbs. That's when I'll eat my sweet potato or some brown rice. I just mix it up. Depending on how I feel, sometimes eat carbs after the gym. But that's pretty much it for carbs. Every meal after that will be vegetables. I start my day around like six in the morning. I eat a meal right before I go to PT. I'm after PT, I'll eat a meal. Somewhere around like eight or nine o'clock and go from there and have this continued space out three hours. I try to stay pretty consistent throughout the whole year. When I do walk up, I try to do it in small portions. Try to stay around like 35 or 40 grams of protein per shape. You keep my weight around 187 to 194. That's the pound that just tries to stay. Yeah, I do eat some cheat meals. I'll go to a restaurant. And it's really not considered much of a cheat meal because I still eat salmon. I still eat broccoli. It's just prepared a whole lot better. And I might drink some juice. But I try to stay all my meals are pretty healthy. I stay my be a cheat meal for me. Like I may eat a tea bowl. Has a little more fat on me. Well, you got to be, you got to pre-plan. You got to plan ahead. We do get to, I'm sensing stuff ahead in tough box. So we can pack up a box and send it to the head before we actually get overseas. And it'll meet you over there. But I did up packed up my bag with a bunch of tuna. And a lot of pre-package on. You chicken and different kinds of foods. So I'd have the right amount of protein once I got over there. Because you might not always have to be able to eat in a defect or a lunch room. So if you don't have that food, just be prepared that you might have been a complicated situation with food. And if you sense some over, you might be alright. Now you know a little bit more about my nutrition. You can get my full program in the page below. Now let's talk about supplements. The supplements I use, give me that extra boost that I need in order to get those last two reps. I'm not going to even get up and go on a gym and be motivated from beginning to end. So supplement is very important. Pretty much my supplements are our key. I take them every day. And I get off in a gym and it helps me stay motivated. Right off the top protein because I need to be able to supplement meals because I'm not always going to be able to eat a full course meal. So you gotta have your protein. You gotta have something to pump you out while you're in a gym. I like the nitrous oxide. Yeah, I've been changing up my supplements a lot now. Just trying to find something new for muscle building. Because you can use a supplement too much. You can stick with the same supplements so much day. Your body gets so used to it. That's not having the same effect that I had before. So sometimes you need to come off one. I'm also trying different on protein because they got the casing. And they have a lot of different kinds of protein that burn slower. I'm also looking at on finding out a lot more about the vitamins like B12 B complex. And I try to build on my vitamins. A lot of guys come up on my body space. They're on bright me letters and asking about the supplements to take in order to gain weight or to get stronger. And nothing can replace hard work in the gym. But if you're going to supplement like always giving advice at you research and look on there and see exactly what the supplements sound on the back is if it'll work for you. And then you've got to experiment sometimes. There's no exact science to taking supplements. You just gotta do a little bit of experiment with yourself. Alright, to get my training, nutrition and supplement program. Check out the page below. And if you want to ask me any questions, go on body space. My username is Shond.Hard. And for more content like this, go on bodybuilding.com.