Hey guys, it's Lindsey K. I'm in Burbank, California at the Powerhouse Gym. I'm certified personal trainer, nutritionist, and Santa Barbara, California. I'm lucky enough to be one of the top five finalists for the body space that was small competition. I've also done some fitness modeling in such magazines as oxygen magazine, rest magazine, and Santa Fitness. And I'm here to tell you guys why girls should look heavy in the gym and also give you some nutritional and training tips. I think a lot of girls are afraid of looking heavy in the gym because they're afraid they start lifting a little bit, they'll get too bulky, a lot of girls say they tend to gain muscle really fast, but that's totally, it's not true for most people. Girls won't get bulky as men training in the gym because we have to eat a ton more than they do. We're just not built like them and we just don't have the testosterone almost like they do. Some of the main questions I get on clients when asking about training exercises or when they're asking me about oh why am I doing all these manicure sizes like that. It shouldn't be just about guys and girls. It all benefits your body. You need those large exercises to be able to properly fill. You really shouldn't label things as just guys after sizes and girls like their sizes because you can always do lighter weight whatever fits your body, whatever your body can do. You definitely shouldn't exceed it and go for that man. We you know like squat 300 pounds. Start off with the bar and work on your form and it's the same exercise. A lot of girls want to cut fat a lot faster. A lot of girls want to tone up faster and it's seriously. This is the quickest way. So have you ever you go the quicker you'll raise your metabolic rates and that's your burn fat a lot faster. To make girls a little less intimidated go into the gym and start a routine and just to research it. Truthfully you go on bodybuilding.com. Look up some extra exercises. It tells you exactly how to do it. Ask your friends. It's just super easy to go in there. You shouldn't be intimidated at all. Basically if you're lifting too heavy in the gym if you or if you can't go over five or six reps you feel in your hands that's probably a little bit too heavy. Girls should expect after a really good workout to be sore. You're not going to be able to go upstairs a lot of times. You're going to be tired and you're probably not going to want to work out again but it's all worth it. It's all part of training and working out. It's all good for you. You should definitely get a guy who workout partner or a girl. Someone that's knowledgeable and don't be afraid to learn some new exercises. They're good at telling you your form is wrong or good or just teaching you anything about going to the gym. The top three exercises that girls should do in the gym to scope a great body is squats and I think they should do stiff like it deadlifts and maybe some preacher barbell curls. Girls should definitely not stay away from upper body exercises. Girls tend to contour on their arms and say tend to gain battle at more in their arms faster so I think everyone that has little toned up shoulder to lose and try steps. They tend to like battle up better. I love heavy because I know the heavier I go the more muscle I'm going to get staff on. That's what my goal is. I really want to gain a lot more muscle so definitely want to look around and I see some guys that are a lot bigger than me looking the same way. That gets me one of the up it up a little bit and I get excited when I'm like yeah. That's kind of fun. Alright so those are some of my tips on why girls shouldn't be intimidated to go into the gym and let heavy. So now we're going to talk about some of my training tips and my workout philosophies. Yeah I weigh train six days a week and I do cardio about two days a week. I'll do heavy for a few weeks and then I want to change it up. I'll do a week about some lighter weights, a little more reps just to change it up for my body. I change my program around probably probably three months I'd say. I like the mind my body to get really used to it. It's important to change up your routine because your body kind of plattoes get used to the same exercises so for me to change it to a pushing pulling movements doing actually different body parts it was really good to check up my body. It's shot to up and I'll be able to gain a little bit more size that way. On my heavy days my tend to go up maybe five pounds, two pounds, it matters what kind of exercise I'm doing. I'm usually for shoulders I can go up five maybe some bicep pro like go up like two more pounds. Right now I'm not trained failure. I used to do that and that worked really well for me but like I said I kind of plateaued with that routine and now that I'm on the one where I don't go to failure it's still working out really well for me. I need a specifically train on my glutes to gain a little more size so I do the stair master if I feel like I need to do a little bit more like I didn't let this heavy in the gym for legs that week I'll do one extra day of the stair master. It's a love that exercise. I don't train my body part anymore I used to. I just started the power hypertrophy program which is the combination of pushing and pulling movements certain days and power exercises where you had a power up with little bit heavier heavier days. For my rest days maybe I'll take a bike ride around the lake I definitely just don't sit on my blood and do nothing. If you have a specific body part you're trying to work on a little bit more. Sometimes it's better to go up in a little bit of weight not too much so you don't hurt yourself definitely learning new exercises. To overcome your plateau look up on bodybuilding.com for a different training routine everyone's got tons of ideas maybe going on the forearms and have somebody. Hey I'm plateauing on my routine having new exercises for this specific body part or the time. So that was my training philosophy so for my full workout to the page below and now we're going to talk about some matrition. You can train as far as you want you can take as many supplements and you want but nutrition can be about 80% of your outcome. I eat about four small meals a day. I throw in a couple of shakes in there that's a mixture protein, a couple of shakes in shape before I go to bed. Every two hours is how often I eat. Certain places is important where you get fats you can't just have some fried chicken for your fats you have to get some good sources like avocado, olive oil, some almonds. It's still fat. It's going to help you counter your bad fats and definitely eat in muscle growth. Yeah definitely keep it down to a may brown 20% of your diet or less matter what your goal is. Well have card mostly in the morning but there's definitely protein in every single meal I eat. Where you get your calories is super important you can't just have 2,000 calories of rice taste. It has to be properly broken down to protein spats a little bit. The reverse after your workout is really important where you get those calories from. The way I break down my macronutrients and micronutrients I have certain goals like if I'm trying to cut down maybe I'll subtract certain amount from how many I need a day on at a set in theory level. But if I'm trying to gain a little bit I'll probably gain about at an extra 500 calories to my overall calorie intake so I can gain a pound of pound per week which is pretty healthy way to gain. I definitely will hate out and measure all of my food except for vegetables because you can kind of be as many as you want for that. Vegetals are very important to get proper nutrients to the best way for you to body to properly absorb those. Sproccely is great. Green beans are excellent. The spare gas is one of the best ones. A spare gas is a natural dioretic. Broccoli is great for your digestive system. Cup or two of broccoli is like 40 calories. It's insane how much you can eat. When I'm in a ball king phase I adjust my diet to I definitely have a lot more protein. I have a lot more carbs and for my cutting I definitely cut out all sugars except for maybe banana right after my workout and I cut out carbs made except for maybe a breakfast. I mean we'll eat this much during the day because I bring my meals with me. I make it super important. Maybe I'll find somewhere that has something super plain if it's early maybe all disco grabs and sushi with some brown rice for rest on that's probably the cleanest thing I could think of for eating. Make sure it doesn't have any of those bad mayonnaise sauces and sugary eel sauces and things like that in it. That's what the bad things are in the sauces. How they prepare the meats, people use butter. I mean even on those menus for chillies I'll say oh you know 500 calories in this meal when they have like this special section you get like the cook back there that's like oh I don't care I'm just gonna make it with butter and this and that you know you really have to watch it. So you have to ask for which is hey it's cooked in butter. I eat clean yes all you're along but I also have those one cheat days a week. You can't properly build muscle unless you have a cheat day. You need to have something to shop your system. When I say a cheat day I don't mean like going out to McDonald's when eating with McDonald's all day I'm talking about something like a really good bicing burger with sweet potato fries. I'm a cheat day I'll probably eat around two cheat meals but I'll still have all the healthy stuff like oatmeal the morning and my egg whites and things like that. It's very important to me to eat clean 365 days out of the year because I don't know when a shoot is gonna come. I don't know what's gonna come up. I might get offers for something and big thing is I want to look great for my boyfriend and truthfully if I start eating bad if I start cheating a little bit more than I should it's really hard to get that extra fat off. It takes a while longer than you think. When I cheat I do feel very bad about it. I actually look it up and see what's on all the ingredients and I know in my head what's with that thing with your body. So wait a really really shakes me and I don't want to cheat again. Alright so that was my philosophy on nutrition for my full meal plan to get the page below. And now let's talk about my supplement. Supplementants I've really gotten to my goal faster. I'm able to take in protein a lot faster than I'll have to make a whole meal and I have pre-workout supplements that really get me going in the gym give me some extra energy. Most important one to me is multi-bidemons. CLA, fish oil, take carnitine. On my off season I have creatine. H&B will just super important as well for me. For me, if I want to have a new client that's looking for some supplements to take the top three, I'm probably H&B, CLA and definitely a multi-bidemon. A lot of females want to break down fat and they want to they usually have a lot of lower belly fat. They just want to get rid of their mid section and help to tone it up and CLA really helps with that. It really helps you break down fat and the study say you can people that quit working out and put their diet. They tend to keep their muscle a little bit longer and maintain their stomach to be a little bit less fatty. For H&B, it just helps you keep that muscle on a lot longer especially when you're leaning out, doing cardio. You kind of lose a little bit more muscle. H&B helps keep that on and multi-bidemons just great for overall health. I definitely probably wouldn't be to be able to gain as much as I have if I didn't have picks or protein. The case in at night to help feed my muscles all night long. The pre-workout supplements to get me a little more energy to get into the gym. I wouldn't be where I am if I didn't have the supplements to help me. I've had a lot of girls ask me, I'm afraid to take supplements what should I take is it okay to have protein shakes they're afraid they're going to get too bulky and they say I tried one and I got fat. Well basically you'll blow it up for maybe an hour or two and then it'll go away. It's just perfect for feeding your muscles especially for maybe a meal or placement. There's some shakes out for that. Don't be afraid to take some shakes or take some multi-videvins. Only one thing changes for me. I cycle pre-asteen. So when I'm on a ball can I gain a little bit more muscle. I'll take some pre-asteen but when obviously when I'm cutting down I'll cut that out. Probably learn a little more about supplements. Definitely research it. Reads of bottle. You can go on buyable.com for some excellent articles on why they're good. This is in that which one they recommend. I'm definitely fitness magazine as well. Alright so those are all my tips for my full program. Check out the page below. So ask me any questions go to LINCK at BodySpace.com and from our content like this check out BodyBilling.com. You're right okay.