Hey, what's up, I'm Mario Lopez, host of Extra and also MTV's America's Best Dance Crew and was on Dancing with the Stars Not Too Long ago. It may have seen you say by the bell growing up and Ole Missa other things. They got a book out right now called Extra Lean Family, which I'm very proud of. But today I'm at Geals Gym here in Burbank, California and I want to put you through a great circuit training workout where we're going to focus on the acts. Spring is here, summers around the corner, guys are going to be running around with their shirts off because it's hot outside first thing. Everyone's going to look out, is the midsection. So let's get into it right now. All right guys, so we're going to be doing four different exercises in our circuit training today and the first one is hanging leg raise. And we're going to go to the point of failure, losing being is just working with body weight, no sense in putting a number on it because some people might be able to be only 10 reps and some other maybe 40 or 50. So depending on your ability at the moment, we're going to push ourselves with this one right off of that. Here we go. So while I have the most energy and strength, I like to target the lower abs because that tends to be people's weakest area, mine too. Right into it here. All right, that was exercise one. We're going to go immediately to exercise two. Come on. All right, here we are with the decline, weight of crunch for me. I got a 45 pound plate here. We're going to do about 15 to 20 reps. All right. We have a great exercise. We got a partner to give you this and it all. And we continue. We're going to do an drop shot. For, you can just jump it off and continue with the drop set because you're just not a little bit more. Just using body weight. You want to look fairly, right? And you get a deeper, do some twists with your bleeps. Really feelin' it out. All right, I just got done to go immediately to exercise three which is double crunch. You want to start off with your feet, six inches off the ground and behind your head and you want to crunch it. All right, great exercise. It's summer coming. It's on you. This is an exercise that really just looks the whole new section. So you can't go wrong with double crunch. Our fourth and final exercise that cable would shot. You get lower, we did upper abs, we hit them both. This is going to be working all that as well as your obliques and your core. So you want to do because we're working with a weight here at least 15 to 20. Okay, the form is very important. Nice wide base. Start with your hands in the air and put it all the way down across your body. Put it the other way like this. All right, so we just completed a really effective and tense abs workout. And what you're dealing with some heavy weight, so you don't want to do this ab routine in the beginning of your workout or even in the middle of a workout you want to save it for the very end. You want to do it last because you really want to push yourself and you really want to focus on the midsection and give it your all and you need your backing and core to be working. So it's very important that you maintain the great form and keep it at the end of your workout. I typically do this workout about two to three times a week. It takes about 20 to 30 minutes to get through and for my full abs, circuit training routine, just check out the page below and for other great content like this, of course check out bodybuilding.com.