Hi everybody my name's Jen Ranking and I'm here in Burbank, California at the Powerhouse Gym. I am a personal trainer. A sponsored athlete with the Autism of Nutrition and American Body Building. I'm also an actually ranked in PC bikini competitor. Been in auction in magazine a couple of times. Today I'm going to tell you a little bit about my training, nutrition and supplementation and a little bit about how to make the transition if you've been in athlete and you're thinking about getting into the whole fitness industry. Well after college and no longer having a coach by my side yelling in my ear telling me what to do anymore. I just really decided that I had to take ownership of my body and that I really had to take the steps on my own to do what I needed to do. A lot of it just comes down to self motivation. My first step was just getting a gym membership and getting back into the gym. Started lifting weights again, working out and then I slowly researched the fitness industry on what else was available, how else could I compete, what else was there for me. I just wanted to do something for myself. That's why I started working out again. Everyone's goal is different. Sometimes though you don't know what your potential is unless you just dive into it. I had no idea that I was even cut out to compete in the NTC or do any type of fitness competitions but as you allow yourself to change and as you push yourself to do new and different things, you'll surprise yourself with what you're actually capable of. One tip that I would give the girl who is scared and intimidated about taking the next step is to just slow down and take it one step at a time. A lot of the times people try to do too much, too soon. Changing your lifestyle doesn't happen in one day. You're not going to wake up and have everything figured out. You're not going to wake up and have brand new habits. You have to do it one day at a time and one step at a time. Training for me, I believe that it needs to be broken up in two separate days. It's really important to give your body adequate time to rest while you're working out. The way I split my routine up is I'll do upper body on Monday, lower body on Tuesday, maybe plyometrics on Wednesday and then I'll hit upper body again Thursday and lower body credits. I do take the weekends off. I might do an active rest day on the weekend if I feel like it going for a walk or just doing something active and fun to keep my body moving. But otherwise, on the weekends I take that time to do other things for myself. Lifting weights is huge. No matter if your goal is to build a muscle or to lose fat. I think that's one of the biggest misconceptions involved with weight training, especially for women. Most women come into the gym and their goal is to lose weight. So they get on the treadmill and walk for days and days and days. But if you don't weight train, you're missing out on building that lean muscle mass, which is going to increase your metabolic rate and help you to burn fat even faster. The more lean muscle mass that you have, the lower your body fat percentage, the leaner you're going to look. If you just go in there and walk on the treadmill, do cardio. You might lose weight, but your body won't really have shape. All the girls that you see in the magazines and on the red carpet, they've got the hourglass hers and you get that by doing exercises that incorporate weight training. When I first started weight training, I took it back to the basic and I focused on lower reps with heavier weights. So that way I could really build a foundation for my body so I could build strength and build endurance. Now I have made a transition to where I focus a little bit more on intensity. So I can keep my heart rate up. Burn fat in between exercises. I take small rest. Usually, no more than a minute and a half. Then I hit the next exercise. Now my body's at the point to where I can be more intense and still get an awesome workout and use medium to heavy weights. That he runs into things like hitting a plateau or becoming bored and different things like that, not seeing the results that you want to see. The best thing to do is, or what I do, is I change up my workout. If I walk in the gym and I'm feeling bored or not getting results that I want, maybe I'll go swimming for my cardio that day. Get my mind back on track. That way the next day when I come in the gym, I focus my body feels good. It's ready for action. Then I can continue along my path. But yeah, it's good if you break up your routine about every six weeks at least because if you do the same thing over and over and over, your body gets used to it and it knows what to expect. So when you go on the gym and do that same thing, it's already like, hey, I don't have to work hard today because I know I'm doing 10 reps of this exercise and that exercise. So that's why I have to change it up. Keep your body guessing. That's just a little insight to my overall approach for the gym. For my full workout, check out the link below. Now we're going to talk about my nutrition. I really believe that nutrition is the most important thing involved in total training. You can work out a lot, but you're never going to see the main results unless nutrition is the biggest part of it. I believe that nutrition should be simple. A lot of people try to make it too hard because there's so many new fat diets and cookie diets and celebrity plans in this and this and that. Just go back to the basics. You know, remember that there's vegetables at the grocery store and you know, eat lean protein, cook at your own home and make things that you know are healthy for you and your family. I usually eat about six to seven meals per day. I break it up to where I have three or four main meals and then the rest are smaller meals or snacks. I eat about every two to three hours and when you eat that often it helps to keep your metabolism right up so that way you're constantly burning off that food, your body's using it as energy and fuel. Diet is just scary. People think that they have to stop eating or they have to make huge major changes. One of the easiest things that you can do to start off is portion control. You know, just eat smaller meals at each meal time and then from there make one more change. Maybe try and adding in one vegetable at each meal. Then maybe try and add fruit for breakfast or fruit for snack. You know, it's just like any other habit it takes time and it won't become a habit or a lifestyle unless you keep practicing it over and over again. My nutrition plan every meal usually includes a lean protein source and that's usually I get mine from chicken or lean ground beef, maybe ground turkey, those are my favorites. Then I'll have a slow digesting carb and I'll have that for the first half of the day. Then in the evening I'll kind of shimmy out the carbs and use more vegetable sources for my carbs, such as broccoli or spare-gins or green beans. Then my fat sources, I usually have fat sources and every other meal. People tend to taper off their carbs throughout the day because carbs are your main source of energy. If you do your most activity in the morning, maybe throw out lunch, then you do your workout and after that you're usually just going home to sit on the couch and relax. And so there's no need to load up on a bunch of carbs when you're just going to go sit around because then your body can't burn them off. I don't like to cheat but sometimes I do. I guess around special holidays or things like that I'll indulge a little bit, especially right after a competition. That's what we all live for is that moment where we can eat whatever we want. Typically for me it gets me out of my routine and it gets me off course and off focus when I start just, oh I'll have a cheat meal here in a cheat day there and this and this and that. So I try to stay more on track so that way I don't undo all of the new habits that I've made. If you're going to indulge in dessert or a hamburger or your favorite fried chicken whatever it is, share it with the friends so that way you're at least cutting the calories of that in half. So don't forget nutrition is the most important part. See my full meal plan. Check out the page below and now we're going to talk a little bit about my supplementation plan. I think the supplements are really important especially when sometimes we don't get all of the nutrition that we need from our diet. That's where supplementation plays a key role. My supplement change I guess on what my goals are. If I am trying to lose fat then I'll add in a fat burner. If I'm trying to bulk then I'll maybe double my protein intake. The supplements are kind of a scary situation especially for women that they don't know what's good for them and what's not or if they're only for men that's a big misconception. Supplements are good for you. They're to supplement what your diet can't always provide. Most of the supplements that I take are things that are already found naturally in the earth or naturally occurring in my body already. So it's just about getting what you need into your body to help you reach your goals. And so don't be afraid to do that. If you are scared then research it a little bit on your own. Ask somebody else who knows more about them so that way you feel better about it. The three supplements I would recommend to someone new to exercise, a new to supplementing would be protein powder, a visual and a multivitamin. A protein is important because it helps you build that lean muscle mass. And again the more lean muscle mass that you have the faster you're going to burn fat. Visuals are important because it's a healthy source of fat and fats are important for a lot of functions in our body. It helps your brain function, it helps your skin, your hair, your nails, a lot of different things. Multivitamin, that's really the staple for everything. I mean every single person in the world should be taken a multivitamin just because we don't get everything we need out of fruits and veggies. Not many people eat all of the servings of fruits and vegetables that we should. And so that's the easiest thing that you can do is take a multivitamin, get it in, know that you at least have that one and your cover. I definitely think supplements help you reach your goals faster. To get my full program on training nutrition and supplementation, please check out the page below. And if you would like any more information on what I do or how I got there, then please feel free to see me on bodybuilding.com and body space. My screen name is TX Physique and I would love to talk to you.