Hey everyone, I'm Kassil EGM and we're here at the Powerhouse Gym in Burbank, California. And I was the bodybuilding.com amateur of the week, also part of their lift life campaign and one of the top finalists in the body space spoke to model search. Today we're going to go through three things, my training, nutrition and supplementation plan and show you how I use March to Large and Bodybuilding to get this a VGA AMS today. Now I started March last when I was 15 years old and I've been doing it for about 10 years now. The main reason I started March to Large was to improve my physique and incorporate more discipline into my life. And we all know that this is going to part of the most important part in March to Large training. So after a while I have to train it for so long, I look for another venue to increase my discipline and confidence and then I found bodybuilding and I was very, very important. It changed my entire life once I put those two together. The way I can incorporate the two March to Large and Bodybuilding is bodybuilding is my tool to improve my March life performance. I use Bodybuilding as a way to get stronger, the way to get faster, that way when I do March to Large, everything is a breeze. If I train hard in the gym, then when I work out in March to Large, it's going to be a lot easier. Just like in a life you work hard through your training, then life is a whole lot easier as well. discipline, we say this is do something over and over and over again consistently until you improve your overall growth and that's what Bodybuilding is as well. That they say that in Sanities when you repeat something over and over again but you expect to create outcome but in Bodybuilding and in March to Large success is when you complete something over and over again because you have a clear vision which outcome is going to be. That's how I have used Weight Training to improve my March life. It doesn't matter if you're in football, basketball, any other type of extra curricular activities, Weight Training is always going to improve that skill stack. Now let's get a little bit into my training. My training beliefs are the way I approach the gym the same way I approach March life. You train hard and you'll achieve it, you'll achieve greatness later on. So when I go into the gym I leave everything there. I push as hard as I can. I have a pretty much crazy split and I'm honestly what it is I do cardio in the morning and it's usually high intensity cardio and I do my weight training in the afternoon or the evening. I split up that way because doing cardio in the morning for me really brings up my energy. I mean a guarantee if you do cardio especially high impact in intensity cardio you're going to feel a lot better in the morning and then I do my weight training which is a little bit lower, heart rate but it's just strength, strength, building strength, building strength over and over again. So that's the way I do my split and I do it every day, seven days a week. I do cardio and weight training seven days a week. You're entering that same exact weight fitness six to five days out of the year and the reason I do that is because life is going to find ways for you to slow down. If I push myself to train all the time then it's going to be a lot easier for me. It's going to be a certain chance to stop you here and there but as long as I'm still training it's going to be consistent. The way I break up my workouts is by body parts and the reason I do that is because I train so often I want to make sure that I isolate a certain muscle group every single day and I'll do arms and I'll do chest and I'll do back and I'll do shoulders and I'll do legs and I'll cycle those through again. So I have a five day rotation that I'll just keep cycling through. I cardio pretty much stays the same in the mornings. It's a separate Saturday to Sunday, rather a little bit swimming cardio. My cardio ranges between 30 to 45 minutes. I try to stay around around 30 minutes because it's high intense like I do straight intervals 30 seconds, 20 seconds, 20 seconds, 20 seconds, 20 seconds, 20 seconds, 20 seconds, 20 seconds, and I like that heart rate because in martial arts when you're sparring you're moving around this time where you need to achieve active and you get the slow down. You have to regain that energy quickly so high intensity training works for me and improve my martial arts. My rep range is usually around six to eight reps but I always try to shoot for failure no matter what. I mean there are certain days where I'll go two weeks when it's just six to eight but then I'll just throw in a 12 to 15 reps range and that changes up the whole thing that shots your body into growing a lot more in my belief. Like I say, plets will be very important because you can't have a breakthrough before you hit a wall. You have to hit a wall for it before you break through it. Isn't it right? The reason you get burned down in the gym is because you have to push enough there. When you're in the gym and you reach failure, your mind is telling you to stop, your body says you can't get any more but you find that energy to break through and get that last rep, you feel so accomplished. You walk out there to champion. You walk out there with your shoulders high and that's that feeling, that's this real feeling that you're feeling. You're going to want to go back in there and feel it again. So that's why I never get burned down because every time I'm in the gym, I find that feeling there and I come back and I find that feeling to get it. Feel it again. It's almost you for it. I say it all the time, the gym is my drug pretty much and I'm not going to stop. Write down your goals or write down what you've done and then repeat it the next time. Because that's the only way you're going to grow. So first thing I say is you get a plan, then attack it and you follow it with every single step of the way. Fitness is not what you know. It's pretty much what you do. So make sure you just go out there and do it. Now that was my training philosophy. Now to get out of my full workout plan, check out the page below. Now let's go into my nutrition. So I think it's probably the most important part of the whole aspect. It's very much cut and dry. We all know that if you take this supplement, it'll grow and it'll do this. If you go to the gym, you lift this, it'll grow that. We've got that basis count. The diet is a little bit more keen and it's going to be a little more fine too, especially your particular body type. So researching things and using things like bodybuilding.com to find out what other people have done and you go to the site find out what works best for you and then testing it out, taking those pictures and putting it in a fine will find out which diet best for the worst best for you. I think diet is probably the most important part of everything, especially if you want to have a different physique, their ideal physique is your looking for. My belief in philosophy on nutrition goes like this. You put into your body exactly what it needs. Access is too much. I mean, if you look at other worlds of the country, there are people who don't have food in this world, in this country, we're pretty much obsessed. You can go to every single store, you see fast food chains here and there. We overindosed a little bit. So my belief is just to put into my body what my body needs to fuel it to get officially to the whole day. So I stick to, you know, if I'm hungry, then I'll take something. I'll use supplements to get through the day. You have to find out what your body is accustomed to. And I've been researching it for so long. That's why you can see on my body space page that I've had over 320 pictures because I was trying out different things to find out which one works best for me. I eat when my body says it's time to eat when it's hungry. When it tells me that that means I need to fuel it. So I don't do six to five meals. Sometimes I have two meals a day and I'll use supplements throughout the day just to work it off. We all know the three basic things that we have in our diet, the fats, the carbs and the protein. Those are very essential. And the way I like to do it is I pyramid it out. I'll do my carbs in the morning. My protein stay consistent to whole day and then I do my fats in the morning too. Now because I do such low carbs, I try to increase my fats a little bit that way I can maintain my body size to the calorie index. So I'm very important to me too as well. I don't focus on measuring at one point you'll start to learn your body. The only thing I do count is the carbon take for the day. Now I try to stay within 50 to 75 grams of carbs. I know that's very low for some people. Pretty low for me, especially with my workout. But because I do the fat, I have the energy to use it out. But protein is consistent to whole day. Forget about cheat days. There's no such thing as a cheat day from me. When you plan out your day, you see how much calories or what you've eaten for the past three weeks and you know what your body can take in and you have a piece of cake or a donut, you should have counted as a cheat day. That's part of your nutrition plan. You're going to need that. You already measured out what your body needs. So you don't count as a cheat day, especially you don't use the word cheat day because you will overindulge in it. Counting is like a cheat meal or a cheat snack. Do I have those cheat meals? Yes, because your body doesn't need it. I believe your body doesn't need it. It needs that spike. And he's that change. It can't fall into a same rut. You need to adapt it every once in a while. That way your body keeps it guessing. He keeps it in the tab of lies in the whole time. We all have social lives. I mean, it's not just one thing. It's not just weightlifting. It's not just martial arts. We all have social lives. You tell everyone around you, everyone around you needs to be aware of who you are. And once they've come accustomed to that, they're going to start to believe everything that you do. So when you go out to a restaurant, you go out to a club or something like that. And they notice that you're not drinking in order to say, you know, indulge in. Just if you're really your friends, they're going to try to follow you and you're going to agree with you. It's better that way because they're going to hold you accountable. If your friends see you drinking a beer, he's going to say, I thought you were fitness trainer. I thought you were martial arts expert, you know? So it's very important to tell everyone what you're doing right away. That way, you hold you accountable. You don't deviate from your plan. Now that you know a little bit about my strict diet plan, I know it's amazing to talk. But it'll get you to physique this year one. To get my full meal plan, look at the link below. Now let's get a little bit to my supplementation. If you think about any other sport, let's take baseball for example. Baseball player did get up to bat, right? They have a batting glove. Now if they didn't have that batting glove, can they still hit the ball? Of course they can. But the batting glove is there for better grip. They just supplements what they're doing. You know what I mean? Or the same thing in basketball. They have their hand wraps. They have their wrist wraps. You have their head best to keep the sweat out. If it wasn't there, they still be able to train because they're still going out there and doing it every single step of the day. So these things are supplements that help your performance. If you don't have them, doesn't mean you're not going to stop your growth. Sublimitation is very, very important to your overall goal and your diet. I mean you set out a plan, you have your workout, you have your nutrition. Sublimitation is going to get you there quicker. I'm not saying supplementation is going to take over all the other things that we talked about. Like I said, it's going to help you improve the get you goals a lot faster. Three main things that I must have is the way protein, my glutamine and my BCAAs. Especially in my martial arts training, those three things are going to help maintain muscle mass and give me the growth performance that I need. Sublimitation is our vital part of my diet. As you see, I maybe want to do meals a day. So I'll have an RTD. Especially in this lifestyle, we are very hectic. Sublimit has improved a lot. So grabbing a ready to drink here and there and you're good to go. It has definitely helped me achieve my goals. My supplements do change depending on not so much my goals, but my exercises for the day. For example, if I'm doing three workout day and I have a martial arts training, I will increase my BCA as in who to me. I don't break down too much muscle mass. So they do adjust based on my training for the day. I noticed sublimit world at first can't seem daunting for anyone that's starting out. I had no idea about supplementation. Going to a site like Bodybuilding.com and you could see all the reviews that everyone has done. You can see what people have taken, everything that they've used and you get to credentials from them. You can see their physique and how they've proved them as well. So learning from people that actually experienced it has helped me as well. So using Bodybuilding.com has definitely helped me understand supplementation is a lot more. When you have the knowledge for something you're a lot less afraid of it. So go out there and get the knowledge. Even if I didn't have supplements, I know I would still reach my goals no matter what. Because you're a part of a community especially using BodySpace.com. You're a part of a community who pushes you every single step of the way. So you want to achieve. You want to do more. You want to do more. So it starts with the mind. You know, it starts with the mind. Set it out your goals and make sure that you achieve it. The measurements will help you get there faster. I believe, but don't rely on them. Don't lean back on them the whole time and then sit back and do nothing. You know, the whole day. The bridge between our goals and our achievements is the action. So your job is to take the action. Not just once, but every single step of the day. And your supplements are going to be like your crutch as you be sure to go. More information about my nutrition, diet and training plan. Check out the page below. You'll like to learn more about me. You can look at my body space on the kids MVP. If you're more content like this, check out BodyBuilding.com.