Hey everybody, I'm Ashley Conrest, Liberty Fitness Trainer and owner of Clutch Body Shop Los Angeles. I feel my clients that you may recognize who just take digs, brother Cooper, Kate Hudson. Today I'm going to be taking you through a abroutine that I used to get brother Cooper and shake for 18. I've got most nice eight back abs. And we're going to be using Mr. Brandon Poe as our fitness expert taking you through the routine so enjoy. The first exercise I'm going to have Brandon go through is the Weight of Jackknife. I like to start out with this exercise because it engages both a lower and upper abs as well as a serratus. The first exercises that I usually do with any workout are going to engage a large number of muscles so that you're already 15 the first 30 seconds in. I love making people go into a little bit of pain. So go ahead and lay back on. And so I'm going to give Brandon the ball and what he's going to do is he's going to bring it straight back. He's going to put his feet out and he's going to come up in the ball and his feet are going to meet at the top. Yep, perfect. Yep. So you're going to go through this until you can't lift your legs up anymore. I'm going to have him put his feet straight up at 90 degrees. Just like a 90 degree crunch. The ball is going to come to about right here and he's just going to come up and tap my handle keeping his feet up. Good. It's going to come up with this exercise. He's done this by keeping the legs up. You're engaging your lower abs and then I'm having him come up with the ball which is also blasting the upper abs. You get that great definition. Make sure you keep your head. I only want his head coming to about right here and then back up to avoid neck injury and to make sure that it's just the abs that are firing. He's not using any momentum. The legs are starting to come down. Good. So that's the failure. Now we're going to do this. He's going to go into a basically-awaited bicycle. So the first thing that's going to happen is he's going to come up with the ball like he's going to do a crunch. So about right up here. Good. So the upper abs are engaged. Now he's just going to do a simple bicycle. Bring in the knees way in. What this is going to do is it's going to get right into the serratus. It's those kind of lines that are hard to get that people always ask, oh how do I get these abs? This is a great exercise for that. So I just squeezing, squeezing, squeezing with the ball, bringing the knees in. Great for the obliques. He's going to hold on to the bench. For the stabilization, I'm going to bring us feet straight up. And this exercise is hard to explain unless you do it. It gets really deep into your abs. So what I'm going to do is bring his legs all the way up and he's just going to tap. He's going to go from here. So straight up, 90 degrees. You don't want to cheat and go this way or that way. So you're going to stay right there. He's just going to come straight up and tap my hand. So just pushing straight up through the hips. You feel that? You feel it through the entire core area. Good. So you can see that his legs, let's give him a rest. What happens is when your legs start to fall this way or this way, you're not engaging the way that you should. So the goal is to keep your legs straight up and down and push just straight up. The second you feel yourself cheating, give yourself a couple seconds rest and try and go right back into it. First of all, there we go. Engage. Good. Now opposite arm, opposite leg. There we go. Good. Brawl. Brawl. Good. You're going to pop up. So you're going to push yourself up. Good. You don't shift down. Stay right where you are. The only thing that's moving is your leg. So keep this totally solid. Good to bring it out. Good. Good. And then you're going back down. Good. So you want to stay strong through here. You do not want your abs sinking down. That's what's going to put pressure on your lumbar. Getting back up. Say strong through here. Good. And then back down. Good. What we're going to do is he's going to go all the way to the other side. Good. And then I'm going to have him turn around. But turn around for me does not mean coming out of position. I want to keep the abs engaged again. We're not resting. So go ahead and ran in. He's going to come to the end. Come all the way up here. Come all the way up. So like right where I am. Good. Then you're just going to kind of hold yourself in place and turn yourself around. There we go. So once ran in, flips around. I'm going to have him transition into the next exercise, which is an armicral. Okay. So what he's going to do is he's going to keep his abs. Let's see what the shirt is. As abs are going to stay up his knees are going to hit the ground. And his feet are going to go out. So his calves are pretty much serving as a dead weight. And what he's going to do is he's going to really extend that elbow out and pull himself across the floor. What this is going to do is he's going to keep the abs engaged. And as well, really bring in the serratus and even the lats. So he's a great finisher. Anytime you're. I mean at the end of a of a back routine. I do really want to get into the lats as well. Kind of doubles as that. So go ahead Brandon on the show. There we go. So you can see the legs are really holding him back. So he's really having to pull and use his abs to bring himself across the floor. Brandon is as you can see on the ball. But he's going to do a crunch, but he's going to add into it a weighted fly. And what this is going to do is not only work that kind of crunch motion, but also bring in all those great side muscles, which I love to isolate because that's, you know, you can have these guys, but everybody wants to be shredded through here. So this exercise is great for that. So what he's going to do is he's going to extend his arms out. And he's going to come up and end about right there. So he's coming up and out and up there. Control it. Good breath. Good. Good. Perfect right to there. Don't over extend. Good. Good. I'll pull the wall higher right there. Good. You feel that? Good. So you don't have to use weights. Obviously, if this is too difficult, you're more than, I mean, especially if you're at the end of a routine. Body weight is just fine. You'll still feel that. And using the finish off with a very isolated crunch, keep your chin down. Yeah, now come up to my hands. Good. I backed out right there. Good. I'm sure you're breathing. That chin talked. Good. This just blows out the abs. I'll feel them seizing up. Get that great. Those great hard lines. Good. So you want to keep your hands right on your thighs. You don't want them coming up. Good, right there. And then straight to me. There. There we go. Don't let your hands come to go back. Good. Good. That's different. Yeah, that's different. It's different when you keep those loose. Hands down. That's just, it's that slight change in angle. It makes all the difference. So that wraps up our abhorcee. Again, you're going to circuit this five times. This workout shouldn't take you any longer than 20 to 30 minutes. Again, intensity intensity intensity. There are no rests during this circuit. Can you do these abs and you use the weights at the end of whatever muscle you're doing? It just gets that extra bit after doing tries or chest or shoulders. The burn that you're going to feel in terms of not just your abs, but also your arms, the definition, the tightness of that muscle. Certain exercises if you're doing them correctly. You can only get to like seven or eight. And if you're squeezing and holding and just focusing solely on the abs, you're not going to use your arms or your legs or momentum to try to, kind of you're like, oh, I have to get to 50. I'll generally wait until, you know, the person cannot bring their legs up or they're at the weak failure, they're more respite, not for long. One of the things that I recommend is you might catch and hate because people think you're checking yourself out. You can kind of flip this bench like with a mirror here. And so you can check your angles every so often to make sure that you're not cheating yourself. I see people do this at the gym all the time doing pushups or playing like this. They cheat the second thing they go to drop this drops as well. You're not engaged in your abs and then what happens? People get home and they go, oh, why does my back hurts so bad? Well, because you're leaving your back totally exposed, so you always want to stay straight as a board. People tend to lock themselves into a machine. Me being a former athlete, we don't do just back to front. You're having to move, you're having to twist, you're having to do all of these things. What tends to happen is if you've got your legs locked in your trying to twist and you're trying to do all these things, you can hurt your back because of your discs unless your form is totally perfect. You've got your hip flexors, totally engaged, you're not isolating here. When people think core, they think pilates and girls want to have that. But for guys, powerlifting, getting your bench press up all your max weights up, core is essential. For more content like this, more Aberteens, more exercises to get your body and Keller Shape, please visit Bodybuilding.com. I'm SilverDeterrater Ashley Conrad and thank you for watching.