Hi, my name's Kathleen to sorry. I got my pro card in the figure in 2009. I was on the Mestland Fitness First Cover in 2010. I was also a finalist in the body space book's not a search. Today I'm going to talk to you a little bit more about my beliefs in training, nutrition, supplementation. I'm also going to talk to you about how to stay on the health of Fit Life's Style regime while working a nine to five jobs. It can be busy, it can be challenging, but it can be done. Working a nine to five desktop day and day out to make training and things on health of Fit Life's Style really challenging. But if you get into a routine and you plan ahead of time, it can be done. Obviously there are certain things that have to be done. You have to go to work to count this work. You have to pick up your Fit's School or you have to hit your body back to whatever you have for a semester. So get the things that you have to get done, done, but then fit in what you want to do somewhere in between there. If you can only hit the gym for 15 minutes during the day because your day is so packed, take those 15 minutes, you can get a great workout in plus, you can feel accomplished and you've kept on your routine in the state that helps you keep on that healthy Fit Life's Style by keeping a nice, solid routine every single day. I would use magazines and I'd use the online resources at BodyBelling.com to kind of figure out what to do as far as diet and nutrition and even training in the gym. But then as I wanted to get into competing more, I knew that I had to dial it in a little bit stricter and with working full time, I just didn't really have time to think about that and to understand because I work in logistics. I don't know all the science behind training and nutrition. So I hired a trainer and a lot of people say, oh I don't have that kind of money, but you've got to decide where your priorities are and what your hobbies are. For me my hobby is speaking out to people being a lifestyle coach and I wanted to do really well the competition so technically you're only spending a little money at front for a lifetime of lessons that you can be used till you die. We don't have enough time in the morning to be preparing meals to even put a sandwich together. So if you think that you're going to do that every morning, you're setting yourself up for failure, you really just have to have it ready to go in the fridge. Saturdays and Sundays, I use those mornings to prep and cook my food pretty entirely. I'll bake a whole cookie sheet of fish, boil a large pot of chickens and pre-bagant pre-measured and have it already. So in the morning I just take my cooler and I can take my already pre-cut washed veggies, my protein, my meat, pick a few protein chicks and hit throat and that way I have what I need for the entire day until I get home. After you get up a long day at work and your head is totally mentally drained. Sometimes you don't want to go to the gym like you just want to go home but I know that as soon as you do like 10 minutes in the gym you're going to feel alive and energize for the rest of the workout. To lose the weight and to give the disease that you want such a long time that you just want to stay on it healthy lifestyle and the way that you feel inside, you know those infernocials that are always like, oh, if you do this you're going to feel so wonderful. That feeling is really true and so when you get that feeling and you experience it, you don't want to lose it. Like I said before, even if you only have 15 minutes to just hit the gym, that 15 minutes is going to be well worth it and you're going to feel like you're the compost your day. There's so many different ways that you can sleep, hands and be successful during the week when you don't have a lot of time to plan each day. You pre-plan it. And now we're going to move on to talk about training, talk about some of the beliefs that I have and how I've been successful. My approach to going to the gym has changed dramatically over the years. You start out really simple and depending on what your goal is or what you're trying to get ready for, you can increase the intensity. I just think it's important to establish your team and just make sure you get there when you say you're going to get there. Also when you're trying to plan at the gym when you're not really sure what to do, get on to bodybuilding.com and use their search feature. Go on there and type in legs and you'll have tons and tons of articles with ideas and then write down four or five exercises and write little notes on how to do it the proper form and then take it with you to go to the gym. I work out five days a week but even on my off days I wouldn't say they were truly off days I'll go rollerblading or hiking but actual training in the gym I do try to hit gym five days a week. However if I'm getting ready to say a cruise or wedding or event competition I'll do six days a week. However my morning cardio has now at seven days of week. It's something it's almost like my coffee in the morning reading a newspaper. I only need like 20 30 minutes on the treadmill and I am pumped for the day I'm thinking about everything that needs to get done and I'm ready. So let's just say a good thing to follow is at least five days in the gym five days in cardio and give your body two off days if needed. About third days my body is really really tired from training hard so third days it's a great off day for me and then I kind of take a look at my social schedule what I have going on whether it's barbecue or work parties and then I'll plan my second off day around around my outside life. I do have a structure schedule that I have like day legs day back day shoulder day but I definitely just listen to my body and if I'm not feeling like I have a lot of energy I'll go ahead and do shoulder but if I'm feeling super pumped and I know that this would be an awesome lighting I'm going to hit length go with what is going to be best because what you bring to the gym the energy level is and the mindset of what you're going to do is how well and how effective you are going to be in the gym. If I'm trying to build muscle I'm going to stick to sets better more 12 to 10 rep range just to the traditional body building. Right now I'm trying to shed some size into muscle so I'm getting a lot of circuit training where I do six movements in a row take 45 second break and again do six movements in a row so my training is totally tailored to how I'm feeling what I'm getting ready for and I switch it up all the time and I'll even take two weeks for all I do have some fun classes or take advantage of a good weather outside and head out hiking or whatever. I always tell girls that are afraid to get big and bulky look at me what I've never had a girl tell me whether they're telling you the truth or not say that I look too big. I'll have my 8 to 10 weeks cycle where I'm trying to hit heavy but the thing to remember is if you're trying to tone which all the girls say I'm trying to tone but if you have nothing to tone again what are you going to how you're going to tone you have to have some type of foundational base underneath so that the toning has something to lay against. We're not built with a lot of test sauce thrown and we are not going to eat enough to ever build that much muscle anyway. So get an aerodope scare. Plus the more muscle that you have you're going to burn more calories your metabolism is going to increase and you're going to get the results you want. So muscle is a good thing because it does so many wonderful things for weight loss and great disease. Next we're going to go and talk about my nutrition and for my full training programs you can check out the page below. When I first meet somebody and they're wanting to get in shape and look like me or look like somebody else. I tell them 80% of it is nutrition and only 20% of the gym. I hear ladies all the time in the gym saying that they're working out hard as they never worked out on the treadmill or whatever doing cardio but their nutrition I've seen them in the office because I work with them during my nine to five and their nutrition hasn't changed at all and I so badly want to tell them until you get your nutrition in mind nothing's going to change you really have to get that. I kind of based how many meals I have based on what time I get up so during the week I have to wake up about 354 a.m. and so I obviously have more meals during the work week but on the weekend if I don't wake up till 7 then I'm going to have less meals but from the moment I you wake up every three hours from there just grab yourself a perfectly portion meal I always say two fifths one for the protein one for the car not makes your perfect meal and just make sure you do that every three hours. I always treat eating clean like a savings account so you're basically saving up money money money money money and you only spend it when it's worthwhile spending so you won't really catch me eating a cheat meal sitting at my house alone I'm gonna wait until I have something fun to go and do and then I have almost like a motivation am I going to cheat on my dinner am I going to cheat on my drinks I'm going to cheat on dessert I got not going to have all three but it's not because I'm trying not to have all three because really mentally I don't want to have all three so I always order my meals no oil no seasoning and I'll just have them bring out like a side of all phomic vinegar add or something and so I might want to cheat on my drink so I'm not going to have a dessert is my dessert going to be my drinks it's definitely establishing healthy habits and for those of you that have never started and you're watching this video and you're about to start I think one of the biggest tips I want to give you is heart slow so future is soda and you go out to eat every meal or out to lunch every day start with that just here at a soda just do that for four weeks that's one helping habit if you can establish that for a month and you get into a good routine hey let's move on to the second thing keep it simple do it slow and steady phone steady always wins the race you definitely need to make it a part of your life and just make it a fun lifestyle and realize that this is going to be something that you do and feel your no longer care so we've been talking a lot about nutrition and it's important to keep it simple keep it fun and realize that this is a lifelong journey and not just something that you get to do for 12 weeks and then everything's been well on correct it so make sure you check out my nutrition's plan below and now we're going to move on to supplements we need to make sure that we keep our bodies really healthy fit so we need to make sure that we give it the extra new chance supplements needed to keep us at a normal state because we're doing so much to our body that we need to make sure that we take a little extra time and supplements really help that for you ladies that are worried about getting big and bulky I want to consider myself big and bulky and I I have tried so many different supplements I always keep it to the basics you need your mobile vitamin your fish oil your glutamine and your protein a lot of people do not have time to cook fish or chicken for six meals a day like really it's just not going to happen so if you have say two supplement shakes you just have them in the small bottle shake it up ready to go and also if you think about it fish is like six ninety nine a pound chickens two ninety nine a pound normally protein hottershake for only ninety cents so you get a meal for ninety cents it's a great it's effective and it's time saving and it saves money I think as soon as you can establish a good routine on remembering to take those four you'll be good to go and to move on to other things and obviously moving on to other things means what is your goal what type of training are you doing are you building are you leaning are you getting ready for a marathon and so once you can get the foundations started then you can move on to tailor it to your program we have my full plan on nutrition training and supplementation check out my page below but if you want to get more information on what I'm doing my goals to ask me questions please feel free to contact me on body space my body space name is Kathleen to sorry I'm very active online and I love helping people get started and if you want more content on nutrition work out if you have questions there's so much great content on bodybuilding.com it's such a great tool I hope you use it and I will talk to you often