My name is Mary Murphy. I'm from Seattle, Washington. I'm a 2012 body space spokesman of finally. I'm a member of Team Bomb Show and I'm an MPC bikini competitor with three shows and top five placings and all three. I grew up playing fast-pitch softball. My play it all through high school and in college and out of college I just I really didn't know what to do with myself. I've always wanted to model but I didn't really know where I kind of fit in. I know that I'm athletic and I have that body type. I just talked up with my trainer and he's like if you want to really get serious and get into it, you know this is how you have to do it. Get into these shows. That's exposure that you're going to want and that you need so signed up for my first one not knowing anything about it, not knowing what to expect and I think that's what's been so awesome is I've had no expectations and so many amazing things have come out of it so far. I feel my best when I'm eating healthy when I'm active and it's also nice to know that you're helping and encouraging other people. So with the lifestyle that they want but they just mean like a little bit of help getting there, getting started, getting the push. If you believe in it and you live it, other people are going to see that and be inspired by that. You have to surround yourself by those positive people and people that are going to support you. You know it's really tough not to have a strong support system. We're all there for the same reason. You know we're all willing to to share, give tips to inspired and motivate and I think that's really important because a lot of people don't know where to grow. Like we're even start where to go to take that first step in the gym is scary for a lot of people so think if they kind of have an idea and you know a place to go for those resources and training tips, I think body space is great for that. When I step into the gym is on, no I don't have a whole lot of time like if I'm there I'm going to go hard, no messing around. I train five days a week I do cardio steps. Usually I hit legs twice a day and the other days is more focused on upper body. I step to usually or four to five and about 15, 12 to 15 reps. Most of my sets are super-setted so I try to move quickly through each exercise each set. Most of my cardio is hit anywhere from about 45 to 50 minutes to an hour sessions. When I'm getting closer towards the show I'll turn up my cardio a little bit but basically all my lifting stays the same. I don't lift heavy, you know I'm used to lifting heavy right now that's kind of out the window and I'm just strictly you know toning so I don't I don't go overboard with the weights which is nice so it kind of keeps me moving through my set. You know I'm always changing I've never just like oh I'm at like a standstill. Nothing I've done has been the same which I like keeps it interesting. You know I haven't really hit a major major plateau. Some days my rest day I really try to take advantage of it. That's kind of my day where I get to just hang out with my boyfriend watching you know football. It's also a day that I do all my cooking from my meals. I just try to remember that rest is really important so during the week I'm usually in bed at like 830. You know start with goals that are realistic for you. That's someone else keep it for you. When I started you know training and stuff I didn't really realize how important nutrition was you know I've always been a healthy eater so then when I started training I just didn't realize like how much I needed to eat like you know to even lose weight I was like you could cut back but it's totally not true you know you got to keep eating. So basically I just make sure that everything at eat is really clean that eats six times a day each meal consists of a protein, a complex carb and a either fruit or a veggie just kind of depends when I can switch it up and there were their small meals and I try to eat every two to two to half hours I'm kind of finding myself when I hit three hours it's like a little bit too long for me like I just kind of start crashing. I don't season any of my food because I find that I have my cravings have gone away when I don't season anything. My diet doesn't change everything remains the same. I tried to just remember that I'm not dieting it's lifestyle that I've chosen because when I say that we're diet people they don't know how to take it and so thinking I'm not eating or you know it's a tricky word. When I'm in competition mode and I'm training I'll give myself you know a Saturday night cheat meal. I feel like it's okay I don't overindulge and I definitely stick to my portions like I know a lot of people drink top just start cutting that it's like really simple just take that out you know you don't need it replace it with something else condomants I would say start just taking those out you don't need for me it was sour cream I love sour cream for me just taking out that sour cream or the cheese like that just that little extra stuff that I really don't need you'll start seeing changes especially if your body's used to it just a little things like that you'll see results pretty quick stick to your yearly proteins chicken fish and complex carbs of course oatmeal brown rice potatoes are great and veggies and for you can't go wrong we just don't know what we're getting in our food anymore and we're coming from so I think it's really important to you know make sure you're taking something to fill those nutritional gaps without being completely balanced you're just not gonna get the results that you want if someone we're just getting started I would recommend a good multi vitamin I mean that's a great way just to make sure that you're getting all the nutrients your body needs if you're not getting it you know in the foods that you're eating I would also say good protein powder you know they come so many different flavors now find one that you like and that's a great meal of placement if you want to take it after a workout it's good for on the go it's convenient and then I would say your brand chain of amino acids honestly I just kind of started taking them not that long ago and I have really seen a difference especially with my body I like to stay nice and lean but turned into it really helps me hold on to that lean muscle supplements definitely help my body recover so then I can do it again tomorrow to keep me up all day you know keeps me going especially this in the any you know I make sure to take my multi vitamins and my in the step in the morning so that I can last throughout the day when I'm running around chasing you know three kids all day I need that extra energy the first step is always the hardest just be committed take that first step you will not regret it I've never once walked into the gym and regretted going be committed and do it for you we do so many things for other people every day give this to yourself for more of my nutrition diet and supplement tips check out the link below you can also find me on body space when the username is MRK 55 and for more content like this check out bodybuilding.com