Hey guys, this is Laura Bailey. I am here at Powerhouse Gym in Burbank, California with Bodybuilding.com. I have been featured in numerous fitness magazines. I'm also a psychology instructor. I competed in approximately 32 shows and I won over half of them. Come along with me, you guys, as I showed you more about my training, nutrition and supplement and you get to know more about who I am. Before I actually started competing, I was a collegiate athlete. I ran track across country, especially rising in the long jumps and tripled jumps. Herdles and the relay. I got full ride scholarship board track and academic. Pretty much after college, I kind of went through that transitional period, you're gaining weight, you're trying to get back of shape and I decided to get a gym membership and that came with some training sessions. My trainer convinced me to go ahead and try to train for competition. And so I did it with the difficulty was not having the coaches there to push you every day to wake up and go to go to practice. I had to go to the gym, all my own to meet my trainer. Probably one of the best things of the coach because I was a collegiate athlete and I was meant to buy other coaches. I had that ability to actually take the knowledge that I had acquired and helped my students out and the athletes that I was working with. But it was nice because I would actually get out there during cross country and run with the girls and do the sprint work with the girls and do the start to my jumps. So they were able to see okay, my coaches and just tell me to do this. She's actually doing it with me and I think they had a lot of respect with the fact that I was doing the workouts with them is intense as they were and saying shake them off. Actually everything in my opinion, everything I do is a competition. I can be at the grocery store and it's like okay, I gotta be the first one to the line or something but I'm always just driving driving to do to be the best. So even when I was coaching my girls on the track, when I would be out there running with them, if I didn't get the times that I had set for myself, you know, I was pushing myself with. And if I pushed myself, that was pushing the girls and when I finished coaching and went to the state and started competing, it was the same thing. Except you had to be more self-driven more self-motivated because you didn't have that person there with you all the time. But still that competitive drive is just something that I've always had. Whether you're in the gym or are on a track or in a sport, you see the beginning and you see the goal. You see the end result and you neglect to see all the work to have to be done in between and you don't see the interest of these other day the day work that you have to do. I think it's more about looking at the long-term goals but you also have to set several short-term goals, intermittent goals of the tween to help you be encouraged and continue to get the motivation. Find a picture, find a goal, find a dress, find an event or something that you want to work toward. To surround yourself with a good support system, document, journal, take pictures. So you can see your transition and progress. Now I told you guys a little bit about myself. So let me show you a little bit about my beliefs and philosophies with my training program. I have to enjoy what I'm doing. I have to have fun. I have to like it. Essentially I work out five days a week with weight six days with cardio. So I'm working out Monday through Saturday. A lot of heavy resistance, a lot of plyometrics. So a typical week at Mondays is I do legs. My leg routine takes about an hour and incorporates heavy weights, squats, a lot of plyometrics. And I also do about 30, 45 minutes of cardio. Two days are back and shoulders. And I also couple that with 30 minutes of cardio. For cardio, just a preference. I either prefer the stermil or treadmill. On Wednesdays, I tend to do biceps triceps as well as 30 minutes cardio. Thursday is chest pretty like day because I'm a woman. So maybe 20 minutes of chest workout. And again, 30 minutes cardio. Friday might be more back and or shoulders cardio and Saturday. If I do cardio, it's typically on the track. Sundays are all straight. Got to have an off day. Sunday, off day means no gym. Sunday means no looking at the gym, no thinking about the gym. I still eat pretty clean but I don't go into the gym at all. I've actually under estimated importance of rest. It's definitely in the city. I've seen people that go seven days continuously and end up burning muscles. They don't understand why they're not progressing. But I mean, your body rebuilds itself and repairs when it's resting. So rest is definitely an essential part of working out and building muscle just obtaining a better physique than a lot of people tend to mess with me. Most of it is set to reps. I'll do circuits if I'm short on time but that's rare. It's pretty standard. It's nothing fancy. It's a lady. Lift heavy. Okay? It's going to help you gauge muscle mass and the muscle mass in turn helps you burn more calories and more fat. With my cardio, I just like to do high intensity 30 minute cardio. Maybe 45 minutes. Every now and then I might do the fat burning cardio rarely though but I typically like to do high intensity just because I don't like cardio. I like to get it down and dirty and get it over with. Sometimes when I hit a plateau, honestly I'll rest. I'll take a couple days off. I think maybe my body just is tired. Other times I might switch the days that I'm doing the workout and I've also found a switching the order that I do to work out. It's also a different. For women I've probably said a couple of things. If you can find a women's gym, women tend to come more comfortable. There's not a lot of men around or if they have a regular gym that has a women's area. That's a good option. I see another women in the past see somebody that's in shape and asks them if they're performing the exercise right. If they're in there and they see somebody that's pretty fit, I would encourage them. Don't be afraid to ask. Most people pretty willing to help. You can get on body space and check they've got amazing workouts where you can actually type in your body type and you can see what type of workout, what type of goal you're trying to get and it actually gives you a print out of all the exercise, this type of food, nutrition and the duration of your workout. So that's my overall approach and philosophy on how I do my training. If you want to get the whole program, check out the page below. Now let's move on to my nutrition. Okay my overall approach to nutrition is the same when training. I have to enjoy what I eat and I have to eat. Pretty much I do about six to seven meals a day. I wake up pretty early, about 4.30. So if I'm getting up there, I get about seven meals a day. Usually I'm doing every three hours sometimes too if it's a smaller meal. I usually tell people it's kind of like when you start a fire. It's put the kindling on the flames because it's slower burning and it starts to burn hotter rather than just throwing a big log on there. So it's just like putting fuel in your system. Your body is constantly being fed and it allows to metabolism to continue burning rather than if you just eat once in the morning and once in the evening your metabolism turns on and it stops. So the whole goal is to speed up your metabolism to help with burning the fat by fueling your body with several multiple small meals a day. It helps that process. I don't like to use the word diet. I know people have some people like it's some people going to me. You hear the word diet and you automatically think restriction. I like to tell people that it's more about finding the food you like to enjoy. Finding a way to make them healthy and then you can eat as much of that as you can. So it's not about restriction. It's about eating more but it's about eating better food. Protein. I like ground turkey. Chicken. I like all kinds of fish. Salapia or dorky protein powder. Me personally I used when I was working on bulking. I was doing about one and a half to two grams per body weight which is a whole lot of protein. But now I scaled back. So what I essentially do is just do one gram of protein for body, per body pound and that's how I do it. I don't believe in cutting carbs. That's not my thing. I'm probably one of the few people that don't count my carbs as far as grams. I just know I'm going to eat three or four servings of carbs. I measure it. I don't do it by weight. I just measure it by size pretty much. I'm a sweet potato junkie. I like sweet potato fries. Southern style potatoes. Meanie is just a red potato or a white potato that's sauteed oatmeal good ground rice and good. I pretty much eat the same year round. When I first started I had a lot more building to do. So then it was more contingent upon whether I'm trying to prep or show or the way or gain muscle. But now it's pretty much to the point where I can just tweak it minimally. My diet's pretty much the same now because I've adopted this lifestyle change for the past three or four years. I don't believe in she anything. I call them bliss meals. She's got such a negative connotation and I feel like it should be something you work for. You earned it. I personally would do a cheat day but it would turn into a free fall. So over the past couple years I've learned to basically scale it back and do a couple cheat meals. I think it's necessary because like I said I don't believe in restriction. You want to eat it. You've earned it. So those are my thoughts and beliefs on nutrition. Remember, without nutrition, you're setting yourself up for failure. If you want to know more about my nutrition plan, check out the page below. Now let's talk about supplementation. Supplements do just that. They supplement what you're not getting. As far as performance, they're necessary because you're depleting. There's a lot of your stores. So you need to replenish that with some type of supplement. My whole theory is less is more. I don't believe they're taking everything you need to hands on. So the things that I take daily are a multivitamin and I take a French-Chain amino acids. Other things that I do take are beta-allony and I also take some type of weight protein. I tend to do protein more in the off season and I'll be honest sometimes I just don't feel like cooking. I'll do 4 protein shakes today because I'm being lazy. I have a couple that I mix. One of them has fewer carbs on the room has more. I don't do it pre-imposed workout. I always do it for my second meal and my fourth meal. That's just my preference. Three supplements. I would say a good multivitamin. I would say vitamin B and I would also say a high-quality protein because a lot of people get caught up in the size of the protein. They get five gallons or $15. But your body breaks that protein down. It doesn't break it down as effectively as it would a high-quality protein. So I think it do your research to do a good good good good protein that helps meet the goal you're trying to achieve. Initially when I started training I used to use a fat burner. More for the energy. I don't know. I have mixed feelings about fat burners. You sweat a lot so it does create the thermogenic effect. I think after a while your body's trained itself and it tends to just stay at that metabolic rate. As far as the mass gainer I do take a pH buffer creatin and capleform that help me with mass gaining. I think before the whole misconception about supplements is the supplements which is for guys and I mean a vitamin A, vitamin B, C, all those are different types of supplements. We don't think of them like them. It's imperative for women to take supplements because in working out we have we're deficient in certain areas and that's the only way we're going to get those areas restored by taking this up. I think they definitely have helped me reach my goal faster. Just the energy, the recovery time, all that is enhanced with the supplements. I actually have tried to work out for short periods of time without the supplements and you can do it. You have to work twice to get through the workout. To get my full training nutrition and supplement program check out the page below. If you want to find out more information about me, about my diet, about my nutrition, and about my training check out my body space profile at jumper11 and for more information and content like this, check out bodybuilding.com.