All right, so the first question why do people fail week three? Honestly, how much time do we have? I say you get two minutes. Okay. People fail at week three because the excitement and the allure, the new program has now worn off and they're realizing that maybe the five things that you have to do to be successful and get your body to where it needs to be. I mean, to be, have to be applied every single day. Week one, you're really excited. There's no problem with sticking to your transformation in week one. It's brand new, you're super pumped and excited. People are supporting you. Week two is kind of more of the same. It's just days, you just don't feel like doing it. You end up going out of town for the start of the other. And hard to stay focused and go day to day. And that takes discipline and it takes sacrifice and it takes the willpower to say no to certain things, perhaps like alcohol and sugar. After that second week, it's kind of like a huge wake up call to your life. We have so many weekflaf to get to that huge body transformation. At week three, you go, I've been doing this for two weeks. I don't suddenly look like Mr. Olympia, I'm out. And week three is kind of that pinnacle week where you really need to dig deep and find something. We've all seen people start a goal and say they're committed to something. Only to fall off several weeks later. If you ask someone what their goal is, they'll usually tell you something very generic whether it's a want to lose weight or a want to build muscle. Looks shredded or slim down for that Vegas trip or a wedding. That just never sticks. First up, regardless of kind of what your situation is is really finding a plan. And whether that's a plan that someone else is going to implement with you in the form of a trainer or a plan that you're going to go on a site like bodybuilding.com. Get the plan, join the gym, take that plan with you to the gym, set little goals, even daily goals. Take a workout, lift five pounds more on your bicep curls, the second time you do bicep curls and then the workout you had last week with bicep curls. Think about how good it's going to feel to achieve that goal, really visualize it, picture it in your head. What is that going to look like? What's it going to look like when you drop those pounds or fit into a smaller dress size? How does that feel? How does it feel when your family or friends patch on the back and they're just ecstatic for your accomplishment? Because you look at yourself in the mirror every day, right? So when you're trying to make a change over a 12 week period, it's hard sometimes to see that progression in yourself. And so tracking is really important to help you to move forward towards your goal so you can look back and reflect and see what's working and what's not working. That's what keeps me going. That's why my workouts are interesting and very single week. I know that on December such as such, I was able to bitch 250 pounds. January 1st, I was able to bitch 260 pounds. If I didn't track that, I would never know. How this transformation is not just going to affect their body, but it's going to affect their job, it's going to affect their personal relationships, it's going to affect their confidence, it's going to literally change, take every area of their life and improve it. So in order to be successful in this, you have to make it a habit, you have to make it your lifestyle. Dedical, find a plan, track your progress, stay motivated, make it a lifestyle.