Hey guys, this is Frank Asad. Today we're going to take you through a massive hip workout, high-intensity interval training. We're breaking it down into three phases. Each phase is a circuit. So the first circuit is going to be explosive strength. The second circuit is going to be strengthened in endurance. And the third and final circuit is going to be straight endurance. So the point of this workout is to get you in and out of the gym as quickly as possible. Because you're hitting the strength, you're hitting the endurance and you're hitting that cardio. Typically this workout should only take you 15 minutes. Now if you're a little bit more beginner to this, it's going to take you probably 20, 25 minutes because you're going to end up resting a little bit more. It's going to be a little harder for you. To make it through this workout, it's going to be a bitch. You're going to be pushing yourself pretty hard. And by the end of it, you're going to be laying on the ground. Grandit they might be 15 to 20 minutes. This can be the worst 15 to 20 minutes of your life. Let's break down each circuit into more detail. First circuit in this workout is going to be explosive strength. It's broken down into eight different exercises. We have no rest in between, so it's going to be tough. So you're going to start off with 20 seconds of boxing with five pound dumbbells. You're going to go right into 40 seconds of burpees. 20 seconds of boxing again. 40 seconds of run jumps. 20 seconds of boxing. 40 seconds of push ups. 20 seconds of boxing. And then we have 40 seconds of squat jumps to finish it off. Once you finish with that first circuit, then we go right into strength and power circuit. We're going to go with 30 seconds of boxing. Then 30 seconds of sprails. 30 seconds of boxing again. 30 seconds of lateral squats. 30 seconds of boxing. 30 seconds of side to side push ups. 30 seconds of boxing. 30 seconds of in and out squat jumps to finish it off. You finish circuit two. We have a third and final phase of this workout, which is our endurance. Give yourself about 60 to 90 seconds of rest period in between each one of these. Let's go with 40 seconds of boxing. 20 seconds of high knees. 40 seconds of boxing. 20 seconds of quick checks. 40 seconds of boxing. 20 seconds of spiderman. 40 seconds of boxing. 20 seconds of jumping knee-tucks. The goal of this workout is to burn fat. So if you're doing a program or six weeks long, whether it's four weeks long, whether it's two weeks long, I recommend you do this at least three times a week. The full breakdown of this workout is detailed below. Here at Bodybuilding.com. If you have any questions about this workout or any other workout, please feel free to contact me on BodySpace at cassette 44 Instagram at cassette 44 Facebook, Brankessad or Twitter at Brankessad. For more free videos and articles from athletes like me, keep coming back to Bodybuilding.com.