It's time to break free, to kick the couch, to become your best self. It's time to experience the power of your body, the joy of energy, the strength of muscle. It's time to change your life. You don't know where to start? We have your guide. You think fitness is complicated? We make it easy. You don't have a trainer? We have the best in the industry. 30 days, 30 challenges. We'll teach you the essentials, training, nutrition, supplementation, what to do in the kitchen, and how to perform in the gym. Everything you need to live the fit life. You have the right to be fit. Take the first step. This is the ultimate 30-day beginner's guide to fitness. I'm Steve Koch, International Fitness Personality and Optimal Nutrition Athlete. And I'm Kathleen Tessori, bodybuilding.com athlete and fitness model. And we are your beginner's guide coaches. For the next month, we'll help you build a fitness foundation. You can use for the rest of your life. After just 30 days, you'll know how to train with barbells, machines, and even just your body weight. You'll learn how to mobilize and stretch and how to become explosive and more powerful. You will learn the basics of building muscle and losing body fat. And in the short time we have together, you will work just as hard in the kitchen as you do in the gym. The development of these skills will be a progression. Laying one brick at a time until you get to the end, realize you've built an incredible fitness foundation. When you have completed your objective for the day, you'll be that much closer to the body and knowledge you've always wanted. This is fitness, one day at a time, one challenge at a time. Instead of blindly following a workout program or wondering if it's right for you, you'll be able to take control of your fitness journey. You'll learn the underlying principles, techniques, and strategies that mark the difference between positive, progressive change and a lifetime struggle. You'll have the knowledge and ability to control your body, your nutrition, and your results. We're here to make sure you never have to give up on fitness again. You have the right to be fit. We can help you exercise that right with confidence. We need decided to distill the fundamentals of fitness into a program specifically for beginners, for people new to the gym, who have been to the gym recently, and those who want to ensure they've really got the basic stance so they can keep growing. This program is simple and progressive. Instead of obsessing over your food, you learn how to make wise choices and manage a busy lifestyle. Instead of following workout cement for professional bodybuilders, decades of experience, you will practice the basics of fitness and athletics. This is exactly what this guy delivers, giving you daily incentives, information, and advice completely free. Every day will present a new challenge. It will be simple and specific, and will give you everything you need to complete your objective. In our first week, you will determine a starting point. Learn the important parts of a workout and learn the basic principles of nutrition that fit this professionals rely on every single day. In the second week, we'll tackle more advanced workouts. Learn the basic principles of movement and recovery in the essentials of supplementation. We'll also guide you through meal prep and other important nutritional strategies. As you move into week three, you will uncover key strategies to carve off body fat and build shape we muscle. You'll be able to see how these concepts are incorporated into many different workouts. And you will begin to use food to cheer thematically, shape your physique and performance. The final week teaches you how to raise the bar and continually progress in your workouts. Cooking will no longer become a daily chore. It'll be a part of your planning and preparation for success, particularly as you learn to feel and recover from your training. After one month, you will have completed 30 challenges that teach you how to move, control and transform your body. Your wishful thoughts will become goals, and your goals will eventually become your reality. You will be ready for a new challenge. If you're ready to learn the fundamentals and get fit for life, check out the page below for complete details on what you need before starting day one. I'm Kathleen Tessori. And I'm Steve Cook. And it's time for you to take your first step.