That's him. The green half. Let's try to stay together and maybe kind of come up from behind. I'm trying to get it. Excuse me, Matt. Hey, Robin. You got him, cheating. This is 24 team bodybuild.com. I'm a $5 transportation child winner. So the game plans today is made from underwinter. So we're trying to track down one of your members who we've selected as the winner. We have our locations selected. Tak on, Amaris, come here. Tak on, Amaris, come here. Then. So, it was so awesome. I just got back from the last trip of our 200k transformation challenge. Surprise! What we do at Bodybuilding.com, we really do change lives. I walked out and was holding all of the money this morning. And it's not just these people that win that we get to go take, you know, $8,000 of cash to jump out, you to surprise how they're gym. The lives that you change and the ripple effect that comes from that eye. Wish everyone could be there for that moment. You guys get a glimpse of it in the video. But just to live in that moment is just unreal. So we've just closed the Diamond Ties and Bodybuilding.com, 200k transformation challenge. So many contestants were able to complete the transformation challenge this year. We've more than tripled our completion rate of last year. And the team is in the room ready to rock and sort through all 4600 contestants. It's going to be a very exciting and very long day as we do that. First sorting, meeting of the year. So I think most of you guys all know the great news, but we had almost tripled our completion rate of the transformation challenge. We have 4600 people to sort through. And that's great. Which is really, really awesome. And it seems like it's going to be tough. Some of them have already posted their progress pixel along the way and before and after is then look really compelling. So it's going to be tough for us to sort through and. And decide who is voted into the next phase. So that will be me on Tuesday. We can actually finalize our top 20 and get those up for the people's choice voting. She did shows before. Yeah, she does show. Oh wow. Yeah, that's great. Sounds good. Yeah, it's good. The train is going to be on the field. It's just a couple of them see. It's a couple of them see. It's a couple. We look as much as drastic but the scale weight. All right, so Dean Plan. Game plan. What are the only 2,000 people? Yeah. We've got the weekend to sort through these 2,000. By Tuesday, we have to be at our top 20. Yeah, top 20. And we have to also figure out what time it ties to. Yeah. Yeah. They want to have say in the top 20. Yes, we'll probably rate. Rethos and then send them. Nice hair. What is it? Is it up? Sorry. That is not filling. That is not filling. Yeah. My fingers hurt. Yeah. Yeah. It's been a long day. Yeah. I'm going to. Yeah. You're going to drop. Okay. So the game plans today is we need to come on here with winners. We've got 40 people to review. 20 females. They all look awesome. We've narrowed it down from 4,600 finalists. Yeah. We started with the females first. Well, we told you we actually dropped the 33 pounds. We did act as long as the body is finished. You can act as long as the body is finished. She did be able to lift it and get it back. And then, like, on the sixth stage, we did not have that much time to return. Yeah. Yeah. We've got 20 more. First act. We've got 20 more. We've got 20 more. So we've got 20 more. This is the X-T-R-R. Yeah. This is going to be tough. We've got 20 more. We've got 20 more. We've got 20 more. We've got 20 more. We've got 20 more. It's going to be great. It's going to be a game engagement too. We've got to look like the same person. I think it's going to start that. I need to. How old are those are on winners? Yeah. Boom, crazy. So we selected the winners of the 2015 bodybuilding.com transformation challenge. And now we're kind of stocking them a little bit to try to find out where we might intercept them to surprise them with the cash prize. We identified that the girl winner looks like she was working with a training coach. So I'm going to attempt right now to reach out to her coach, try to make contact and hopefully set up a phone call with her just to explain where hey, when your client is one, can you help us kind of trick her and it being somewhere at a specific time, or at least give us a more information on how we could find where she is so we can go change your life. Yeah, I mean that's the hardest part is making this first contact. Okay, and I must have the wrong number. Okay, thank you. All right. Sorry. Bye. That was a good test call. I think doing it last year too makes it. I feel a little more confident that we can actually track them down and do this and everyone's like so hyper connect this on social media that if you dig it around in a field find where they are and someone will tell you where they're at. Who know that's kind of sketchy. It's Samantha. It's Keith from Bodybuilding.com. How are you? Good. Thank you so much for calling me back. I'm so, so excited to have you for it. And the fun part is now that we go and surprise her with her prize and I figured you'd be more than willing to help us. Okay, that's awesome. Yeah, cool. Oh, thank you. Yeah, no, thank you so much. So beyond excited. Awesome. Hi, Cindy. This is Collector from Bodybuilding. Hi, how are you? Good. How are you? Good. Thanks. And we are calling about the cash for our prize winners. Okay. We have our locations selected. Hi, Marina. My name is Keith. I'm actually with bodybuilding.com. Are you familiar with our website? Uh-huh. I don't know if you know our transformation challenge we do every year. Yeah. So we're trying to track down one of your members who we've selected as the winner. Ideally, we'd fill the gym bag up real nice with the tens, but if you say you can get that amount of cash and some other denominations, we're open to that too, because we understand we're really putting a crunch on you guys. The tens would definitely be preferred. You guys, I'm really excited about this one. I'm really pumped. I'm really pumped. I'm really pumped. I'm really pumped. We made it. We're going to change some more lives as yours can be so pumped. Yeah. So we're on our way to the bank to go pick up the $80,000 cash. What up? We are going to go meet up with Sam, the trainer, and we're going to go, you know, talk some some shop, make a plan, so we can surprise her with her. We need to. So it's the eve of surprising Chandler with his prize. And I was just kind of sitting here reflecting on what it's like to give this guy all this money. I don't know for me it's cool to see it. Intense stacked up on my bed. It's kind of cool, but you know, we're really giving this to someone that busted their butt. That most likely could really use this money as I'm sure any of us could. So not only has he found a new path to fitness and this new physique and this new lifestyle or reconnected with an older lifestyle that he used to have, but he now has access to some funds. So get up right in early tomorrow. We're going to meet in the lobby at 4am and make the hour plus drive down to Max Jim. So we hope to be set up there and ready to roll and surprise the heck that was. Alright, we have a few minutes till Chandler should be here. So we're all getting ready in the back room. Get a little nervous, get excited. It's almost go time. So we got to make the count. We're going to surprise them. Hopefully there's a great reaction and we're good to go. And hopefully you show them. Yeah. Oh yeah, PS. I hope you show us how to work out today. Hello. Okay, could you actually give her permission to come up? Can you let her into the elevator? He's not going anywhere. He's going to go lift. Yeah, that's a sweet bit. Hi Nina. Hey Chandler. Hey, what's up? Can you hold my bag real quick? Yeah. Thanks. I just want to do our see. 10. Hold on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. It's a sour. 70. 80,000 dollars. Congratulations. Congratulations. I don't know. I just should have. I'm not even wearing a bow. You're the 2015 Bodybuilding.com. Transformation Challenge winner. Power by Domitas. Congratulations. It's a stop shoulder. Yeah. Well, thank you. Yeah. Views are great. And it's a big relief. I guess because we're just starting out. It was kind of like now. And how are we going to get some traction? We'll save here. So it's nice to know that's one worry that we don't have milk. We're going to just start now. So it feels wonderful. I'm so happy. I guess. I honestly already felt like I wanted something really big, just by finishing. In the beginning, the money meant a lot to me and that got me going. But later on, it changed into something deeper than that. I was just so sick and tired of being unhealthy, having these bad habits. And I think it was making me more more depressed. It really brought down my energy. I just wanted to stop all the negativity. Like my negative thoughts, my negative body image. I wanted to feel empowered. I wanted to feel energized. I wanted to feel alive and doing my best every day. My dad was in the fitness. I would get into it for a few months. And then I don't know what was just too hard or other things would come up. And I'd make excuses. But mentally, I was always kind of leaning that way. And I wanted to do something with it. I just almost couldn't find deep down what I needed to to really just go on. And I guess the focus and drive that a competition like this gives you can make you do more than you thought you could. If I really think about it, the hardest part of this transformation was my mind. I had so much negativity. So that was the hardest part. Just calming down and focusing, doing the things I needed to do without getting too emotional. Without getting too caught up in what if. But you suck and you don't look good enough or I don't think you'll make it. Like all that stuff I had to just kind of go, okay, you're there. But I'm still going. It wasn't the prize money aspect of it. Honestly, it was my wife that that's what kind of changed form. It's like not just the countable to me now. I can do this because she believes that I can't. So I didn't want to let her down. I didn't want to let me down. And that's what really drove me to do it this day. I can everyday live this way. If I'm going to give us a chance at a starting life that this is a really good opportunity for me to. And if I put in all my effort, then at least I won't look back and go. If I only done this different or that different, I wanted to just look back and say, I wouldn't change a thing that I did. I lost because somebody was just better. I was so crazy about wanting to do this before it started. And I was so driven throughout. I would feel weak sometimes, like tired, exhausted. But I just wanted it so bad. I got a coach that I trusted. And then she told me how to eat, how to work out. But then I supplemented all that with bodybuilding.com. Like I looked up a lot of the exercises that I've never heard of that she told me to do. And I'd watch the videos. I really paid attention to perfect form. I did where you can create your own program. I like that freedom to be able to tailor it to how I was feeling or what I felt I needed to hit more. I'm so grateful for where I am now. I'm a totally different person. Not just the physical looking at me and everything, but I guess it's just my attitude. I'm happier. I'm really in. I want to be in the fitness industry somehow. But I don't really know where I fit in. I love motivating people on Facebook and Instagram. I like just posting stuff and getting people inspired and excited. And so that's where you need to start. You need to start with what are my reasons for doing it. And then find your strongest reasons and realize you're going to have to use those through the whole process. And those are what you're always going to go to on the weekdays and the days when you don't want to go to the gym. You've got to fall back on that reason and really think about that and have it drive you. Hi, I'm Nina Namm. I'm Chandler Candid and I'm the 2015 Bodybuilding.com. $200,000. Transformation Challenge Winter. I'm depositing some cash. It's kind of a lot of cash. I have it in my bag.