I might be petite, but I'm still a badass. I grew up playing hockey and I've spent the last 10 years in the gym, building lean, sexy, muscle. You think I lift like a girl? I'll take that as a compliment. I'm Katie Cheng-Wa. Today's workout is one of two workouts that I designed for you. It's for people that have minimal workout area with minimal workout equipment. Today's upper body workout is going to be used primarily with resistance bands. If you don't have resistance bands, I provided a whole list of alternative exercises below that you can do. So today's workout is going to be primarily an upper body workout consists of 12 different exercises that shouldn't take you longer than 20 minutes. So the first exercise you're going to start off with is burpees. It's a full body exercise. You're going to do three sets of 15 with minimal rest in between each set. The next exercise group that we're going to do is a superset of back rows and chest press. It shows this exercise because you can wrap it around a bent post or anything that's stable. There are going to do as many as you can depending on the resistance of your band. So you're going to do three sets, say, between 15 and 20. The next exercise is push up with rows. You can do with weights or without weights. If you don't have a dumbbell just find something that you can grab, maybe a can is too. You want to do three sets, try to get between 15 and 20. The next exercise group is a giant set of bicep curls, tricep dips, and upright rows. You're going to be doing the resistance bands for the alternating bicep curls and then you're going to be using the side of your bed, a chair, a box, anything for your tricep dips. And then again your resistance band for your upright rows. If you're going to be doing three sets of this, anywhere between 15 and 20, if your triceps are burning out on a lower rep round eight, you can bring your feet into make it easier. The next exercise is going to increase your heart rate again. It's going to be three sets of 20 jumping jacks with this minimal rest as possible. The next exercise is arm circles. You're going to do it with your thumbs down because that's going to target your shoulders. And it's just one burnout set so you do as many as you possibly can for as long as you can. The last exercise group is going to be for your core. You're going to do v-ups, leg lifts, and planks. Now for your v-ups and your leg lifts are going to do as many as you can. And then for your planks, you're going to hold it for about a minute to a minute and a half. And you're going to do that for three rounds. So that concludes one of two workouts that I have built for you for your small dorm room apartment, minimal space, minimal equipment workouts. If you want to check out the lower body workout, you can click the link below. And if you have any questions for me, you can find me on body space at Chengwa. For more videos and content like this, make sure to come back to bodybuilding.com.