The goal today's workout is mostly strength movements and then paired with a little bit of hypertrophy work. So this is usually my second back and shoulder workout of the week. So we start a little bit lighter, one more, get some blood into the muscle and then we get into some heavier movements. Most of the movements that you see me do today, I'm going to be either standing or a slightly bent over. So I'm able to use my core and pull my abs tight throughout the movements which helps me and overall my abs training and just the stability and balance of all the other movements I do while training. For the first exercise that today's back and shoulder workout we're going to do three different grips of pull-ups, super set with a dumbbell pull over. So for the first one we're going to do just a wide grip pull-up. The next step we're going to do is just a close grip neutral grip and then the third and the final one will be under hand chins. One of the main reasons why we do the super set is we're just going to do a pull-up and really stretch the lats out with the overhead dumbbell pull where you can really get a good contraction. What we'll do is we'll really slow it down and then we'll drive through just so you can feel the weight and know that you're doing the work as opposed to just swinging and moving the weight as fast as possible. Leave your ego the workout today, grab something you can go slow and controlled and you'll actually feel tomorrow when you wake up. For today's dumbbell row we're going to start lighter and working this something heavier. So three sets usually 12, 10, 8 or 10, 8, 8, 8, 6 and we're going to start lighter and obviously when the reps get lower the weight should go up. You know get a good angle chest up, get a good grip on that dumbbell and then really squeeze the elbow back to the hip. So that's one of the things that I really focused on is that it's swinging it way wide, keep it real tight, good and good squeeze and beaking the contraction of the movement and then just like all the rest of the movement say just lower back down slowly. Most of my breaks today are going to be pretty short. I don't wear a wash of gym so it's just whenever I feel comfortable I like to go. So it might be 20, 30, 45 seconds, not much more than that. We're going to move along to a underhand pulled down today. Pretty similar, three sets usually 10, 8, 6 and once again we're going to go pretty light to start, going to good movement and obviously work into something a bit heavier. Same thing we're going to really stretch it out slow through the negative, get a good squeeze and then lower it real slow. Well slightly change the grips throughout the movement. First set might be a low wider and then I'll slightly move it in and then pretty close for the last set. I find that most of the back movements, the negative is more important than the other concentric movement. When you're doing it, where's the stretch at? And what's really going to shorten and lengthen the muscle? So when you're bringing it down you're going to shorten it. So if you're trying to grow, I mean you're going to have to stretch it out which is the negative aspect. The last exercise for today's back workout is going to be a seated cable row. We're going to do a close grip today just so I can feel the squeeze getting real good contraction in. So it's just two sets. Just really finish it off. You should be pretty exhausted by this point. First set, 10 reps. My rest periods are once again pretty short for this exercise probably 30 to 45 seconds. For me failing is either I can't lift the weight appropriately. So my form will start to go today or the weight is too heavy. Pick something, you know, 6 to 8 reps. When you hit 8 you should be done. There should be nothing left in the tank. You're done with back after this. So there's no reason to leave it behind. So we just finished our back exercises for the day. We're going to take quick, you know, 2 to 3 minutes. Get yourself ready, recoup, get a drink. Move along when they're going to start into our shoulder exercises. So for today's first shoulder exercises we're going to start with another superset just to get some extra blunt to the muscle. And we've already warmed up our shoulder, spread a bit from the back just in the activation stretching amount. So we're going to start with a standing dumbbell lateral and then superset into a single arm upright rope. For the first exercise you're going to do, you know, 10, 8, 6 superset with 10, 8, 6 also for the upright rows. Standing ladders and the front raises, a lot of people tend to swing. And that's, you're going to get a lot of lower back in that. I like to do a single arm upright row just for the simple fact that I can squeeze and not be so dominant with a rider left. Pretty much emulate a Smith machine. So I really want to keep it close to my body and glide it up. After the superset we're going to move on to a dumbbell front raise. We're going to do 3 sets of 8. Within the 3 sets of 8 I'm going to change my hand grips up. So we're going to go with a neutral grip. We're going to go over hand. And then for the final one we're going to go to under hand grip. The under hand grip will come slightly across my body a little bit and it will actually do a little bit of upper back and ball then there as well. A couple things with doing alternating arms is one there's a lot less momentum. And then also I can concentrate a little bit better on a single arm so I can really get a good squeeze on right. And then a good squeeze on left as opposed to just coming up using the little bit of momentum. And just going through the motions. For our final exercise today we're going to do a standing, an ordinal press. 3 sets 10 8 6. So once again 10 should be the lightest one and you know progressively overload to a heavier weight with 6 reps. I'm pretty tired once again this is the last exercise of the day. I'm just going to do them both the same time kind of knock them out and get a good squeeze So as you finish the standing and the ordinal press is you can lower the weight and keep good form you know as opposed to getting real sloppy and stopping if you rep short of your goal. The full breakdown for this workout is detailed for you here below at Bodybuilding.com. You can contact me on my body space at Homework Time 10 or on my Instagram chat homer. For more articles and videos from AthySightmean make sure you step back here at Bodybuilding.com.