What's up, bodybuilding.com, coach, Harry Vargas here. And today I'm gonna bring you guys this really fun upper body strength and conditioning workout. And let's get it started. So let's get that kettlebell ready. We're still gonna be in that high plank position, just like you wearing your pushups, except instead of going up and down, we're gonna go ahead and drag that kettlebell side to side. All right. So we have about 10 seconds left. Let's get ready kettlebell on either side, doesn't matter if you start off on the left or the right. Plank position, ever going in three, two, one and go. You got 60 seconds to get 20 of these pull-throughs, each time you pull to one side, that is gonna be one rep. Keeping those hips nice and steady. Make it sure you're keeping your arms straight and hands right below your shoulders. Halfway there, let's go to team, use that core, keep that body stable. Or more. And let's put not least. 20, there we go. Take that rest time, take it either. We got about 10 seconds left. Next movement, we're gonna get into a tall kneeling, dumbbell curl to presses, dumbbells curl, coming into effect. On your knees and we're going in three, two, one. Curl up to your shoulders, press overhead, come down, reset, we're going for 15, two, three. Making sure you're squeezing your glutes. Keeping those hips tucked in, abs engaged, making sure they're standing up nice and straight. Yep, that burning sensation. It's gonna start kicking in right about now. We gotta push through a team, we got about 15 seconds left. Let's go, last three reps, two, nice and last one, up, down, down, nice, we got about 10 seconds left. We're gonna hit our last and final movement of the E-MOM before we start from the top again, coming down into that low plank. On your elbows, we're going in three, two, one and go. Now, when holding this low plank, this is the last movement of the E-MOM. So this is an active recovery, right? Gonna focus on gathering your breath, call me yourself down, keep your nose elbows, press against the floor, and then you're gonna get your breath. Corning, the closer together your feet are, the harder it's gonna be, the more you spread them open, the easier it's gonna be. That burning sensation is now gonna go away, fortunately, but that is where we're looking for. So let's go ahead and we just make sure that we're pushing through it. Right team, we got about 20 seconds left, let's go. Catch your breath, all right? Once, these 45 seconds are up, which is right about now. Let's go ahead and take a breather before we get into those pushups. Got about 10 seconds, let's go team. Shake it off a little bit, get that blood flowing. Go into that next round. Second round, coming up in three, two, one. Let's go 15 pushups. Two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two. As you start to fatigue, please do not let form and technique go out the window. Always wanna make sure technique informs crisp. No matter how tired you are, let's go, we got five more. Two, two, two, and time. Nice, left, whatever's left over of that minute. Go ahead and take that rest time. Right, we got about 30 seconds rest. Go ahead and shake it off, get that blood flowing. Let's go ahead and get that kettlebell ready. Put that second set of pull-throughs. Remember, once again, doesn't matter if it starts on the left side or the right side of the plank. As long as you're pulling through and making sure that your hips are nice and stable as you pull from one side to the next. We got about seven seconds left. Let's start in that high plank position. One in three, two, one, and go. We got 20 pull-throughs, let's go. Two, two, three, two, three, two. Two, three, two, three, two, three, two.