What's up, bodybuilding.com. It's Master Coach Gabe Snow here with you today. We've got a great poll day for you. We're going to get those biceps nice and pumped up. Get the back lid up. Maybe show you some new moves that you're not used to and something new for you to take home. And maybe some old school stuff that you've already been doing. If you're first set, we've got three sets. Three exercises here. Three sets of each. So the reason I say like to moderate is for the fact that I want you to really emphasize your form today. Okay, we're going to be doing a lot of reps same day. We want 15 to 20 of everything. Again, keeping it light. The reason I had you focus on so much of the hamstring stretch when we were down on our butts is for this hinge. Okay, when people do better rows, most of the time they just kind of fold their chest down, fold it the waist. I want you to hinge your hips and find your hamstrings. So you should be feeling a stretch in your hamstring as we get down into this position. Okay, from there, I'm driving my hips into my hands, excuse me, I'm driving my hands into my hips and I'm squeezing my shoulder blades together. Okay, that's a nice proper bent-over row. You're not logging it back and forth, keeping everything nice and controlled do it light, do it right. Okay, I'm four or five in here, keep that form, exhale as you pull. Okay, same thing, don't lose your hamstrings. Keep fighting that stretch. The more you hinge, the more that you put your weight in your hamstrings, the flatter your back is going to be. And the more you're going to save yourself and possibly pull in that lower-lumbar back, which we all know, F and socks. So really protect yourself, do everything nice and smart here. Okay, we're training smart, more than we're training hard. They'll be time-per-hard, you just wait. Okay, we go four, three, two, one. Okay, so there's your bent-over row from there, we're going to go standing up right-row. So first that up right-row is okay. You had that upright row from the floor, we were in that half-needed position, now instead of the bend, we're using both hands and we're using a little bit of legs. Okay, I got a little bit of a decent weight here, so I'm going to load my quads as I extend my legs. Guess what I'm doing? Does it put up that winter coat? Okay, I put it up to the winter coat, but it's got two zippers, but that's okay, because it's the same motion either way. Maybe some of you have to just use two hands anyway, who knows? Okay, so we got 20 of these bad boys. Again, if you want to make this a little bit more challenging, a little bit more upper body focus, maybe you are a body builder, maybe you are somebody who's really looking to isolate the delts and the upper back. What I'm going to have you do is not load the knees, lead forward, wait in your toes, and you're just going to bring the hands to your chin. Okay, just the hands, not using any lower body, no hips, no quads. Let's go about three more, and then we got our first set of curls, which I'm feeling a little bit intimidated with right now, because I feel my biceps as we speak last one. Here we go, swap into the curls. Don't even have curls, have you or like you're brick and weak, but I don't really train arms like this anymore. So body building days are behind me. Here we go, first set of curls. After you're a lot of pulling, you're going to get a little bit of bicep activation throughout, so you're going to be a little bit depleted, so be humble and wait for it. So these 20s are going to feel happy for me. So what I'm going to focus on 20, perhaps start what I'm going to focus on, more than anything is my form. I'm going to keep my elbows really tight to my body. I'm going to make sure I get a nice good contraction, and I'm going to let them fall slow. Okay, I don't want to see anybody swing in these, obviously I can't see you, but you can see me, but if you can see yourself, don't do that. Okay, keep your elbows tight, let them fall slow. If you're getting bored with that hammer curl, you can go ahead and supinate, turn the hands up, and you can see the little knots you got going there and the biceps, make yourself feel good. It's all around with a little static training, and I'm your functional strength guy, but I did bodybuilding for a long time, and I think I got it, because otherwise I won't have anybody biceps now. Okay, ready to go four more, three, two, last one, let them fall slow, elbows tight, good, what the dumbbells down, shake it out. That was your first block of dumbbell strength. Okay, good pull day, solid form. There's the way to grab before I feel in light, go up slightly, but maintain form today. Again, everything when we pull, we can't really see. So you can't really see your lads, you can't see your scapula is moving the way that you want you to, so I want you to focus on how it feels to the exercise. Okay, if you're lower back to hurting, after that set, that's probably because when you were in your dumbbell but on a row, you were rounding a little bit. So do try to push the hamstrings out a little bit more, keep your chest and back flat as you row, or you can go back to the floor stretchers, hamstrings out that'll make that exercise a little bit easier. Okay, we're about to make our way into our second round. All of this set, all of your first dumbbell block. Grab your weights, open up those hamstrings, knock those on the top of the thigh, slide it down, nice to slow and sexy like, chest is up, shoulder blades are pinned. First, rep, we'll 15 to 20. See how you guys are feeling?