Hi everyone, this is Coach Yaya. Welcome to your athletic upper body workout. We're going to move straight onto our primers. We're going to need two things here, a band and a fixture that we can tie it up towards. And we are going to need a medicine ball. So we don't want to pick anything too heavy here. We want to pick something that's light that can be explosive. And we're going to start off with that band. We have two sets of 10. Now with this band, we want to be able to loop our fingers on both sides. We want that band to be about chest level. We're going to create some tension here by creating some distance between you and the fixture. We're going to go for a 10 ballistic reps. Bring those elbows towards our base. Here we go. Two, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three. And rest team. We are going to immediately go over to our bent over medicine ball slimes. And we're just focusing on power here, staying in that hinge position, really crossing that ball into the ground or going for 10 reps. And rest. That was round one team. We're going to do one more just to get that blood flowing. After this, we should be nice and warm in that upper body. We're going to go for those 10 reps once again. Here we go, all the weight in your heels, making sure your shoulders is back on top of your hips. Here we go. And rest. Last one of those medicine balls. Feeling nice and warm already. Here we go. Hinge position. And rest. All right team, we'll be seeing that medicine ball a little bit later. We're actually going to get started. We're at our first superset. For this first position, we're going to grab a dumbbell straight into a single arm dumbbell press with a band that I so hold. We're going to bring that band down from where we had on our ballistic rose. I'm going to start off with the band on my left side, creating some distance between me and the fixture here. Pop in the dumbbell up on my hip. Starting position. Here we go. Hand right over my shoulder, squeeze in my boots. We have 10 reps. And rest. Beautiful team. Now the way to switch over here carefully is just to place the dumbbell on the opposite side. Take a look back, find that band once again. Create some space between you and that fixture. And we have that opposite. And three, two. And while I'm really making sure you're creating tension on that band, here we go. And rest. Awesome team. We're going to transition over to our superset, which is the Gorilla Rose. We're going to bring our Katabas into position. Now we have that one, one, two counts. Four, five reps. All right. Here we go. Starting off in three, two, and one. That's one rep. Two more. Bring the pushing your feet into the ground here. Bring that elbow towards your rib cage. That is set number one team. We have vertical push here with some Gorilla Rose for those lats. And between each set, you can take about 60 to 90 seconds. Drink some water, catch your breath. You can meet me on the ground once you're ready. No need to rush here.