Alright guys, we are going to hit a squat workout together. Okay, we're about to start the work set. On one of the absolute king kings' songs of exercise, which is the back squat. It is incredibly important that you focus. You want the much way that you can handle with perfect form, but you want to stay focused every single rep. On big movements, on heavy movements. Staying in the zone is key. So here you have to do before the set. Get your head right and we got five of these to do. Let's get to it. That is our first work set. Out of the way we got one more to go. What are bigots back in the day? We're talking 70s body building like classic. They believe going up and weight on your squat, built every muscle in your body. You talk to an old school guy like I want bigger arms. He's like cool squat. I want to bigger back squat, bigger legs squat. And I can't guarantee you it's going to make your biceps explode, but it is going to make you a bigger, stronger, better, more capable human being. It is dynamite, but you're going to push. You've got to push to get those results. When you pick this up, when I'm picking it up, there's part of it's like, who? That I make the right choice. That's a lot of my back. It should feel like that. And then you go nail it. Full focus, full aggression on the squat is the key to success. And we're only got one more of those to go. As always, I'm going to try to push my pace a little bit so you're never waiting for me. But if I'm going a little fast and you need the pace, I'm attempting to keep here. It's not the pace that's absolutely necessary. If you need a little more rest, you know, it's paused the video and come back to it. I'm going to take another 15, 20 seconds baby. And do the last heavy work that. Kind of like I said before, the last set. You've got to get your head right to perform squat well. If you need a couple extra seconds, if you need a stand there and breathe, if you need to focus, whatever head space you need to get into, just stay ready to squat. And this way, it's trying to crush you. That's how it feels at the bottom. If your head's not right, you can get hurt. You can miss the weight. You can not get optimal results. You get your head right. And let's get through our last heavy work set of squats for today. Oh. Alright, let's do this. We made it. We got one more set of squats left, but it's not a heavy work set. We're going to do a back-off set. We got our two sets of five. We'll draw every time we're going to try to push our weights as much as we can. Next to the back-off set, you're going to take off roughly 30% of what's on the bar. And then do as many reps as you can for one all-out set. You're going to target hopefully eight to 12 reps here. It's probably a little under 30%. But I'm going to take off a plate from each side. So it doesn't have to be exact, but roughly 30% is what you want on your back-off sets. Okay, with the squat. The squat is probably the number one lift. For people to ego or excitement about adding on weight, takes them in the wrong direction. I want you to push this as hard as you can.