Hey everybody, this is Lawrence Balancer team bodybuilding.com and team dime-at- size athlete. Today we're here to show you guys a great leg workout. It really helps it promote growth in your quads, hamstrings and your glutes. And the great thing about this workout is that you can use this pre-contest or any time throughout the year to really help gain size and definition in your thighs. This workout is more focused on your actual hamstring, calves and glutes, more than just your quads. Usually when you do any other leg workout, you're mostly focusing on your quads and kind of leave your whole backside alone. So it's a great way to actually incorporate your hamstring and glutes so you can actually make your squat stronger, your lung is stronger and get a more well-developed physique. The great thing about all these exercises will be ranging from supersets to pre-exhausting, to heavy weights, so you'll be able to incorporate almost every different type of training and size this workout. So it'll be really hard, really stringuous, and it should be a great time for you. Today's workout is designed for anybody from the beginners all the way to the advanced level. People that have been working out for years. This workout's really great just because you add the weight and incorporate your rest time depending on how long you've actually been working out for your beginner. You might need a little bit more rest time, so 60 seconds is great, but if you're expert you up the weight, cut the break time down to 45 seconds, and then now help you pre-fatty your muscles and really get your blood flowing and really get the growth that you're looking for. So we're going to get started with the warm-up. Really, really simple. We're going to start with the stair masters today. Just something a little bit different. You can start on treadmill or lift a coat whatever works for you. You want to go out slow to moderate pace and just want to get your blood flowing. You really want to focus on squeezing your glue, squeezing your hamstrings and really contracting those because that's a lot of the focus is going to be on your glues and hamstrings on today's workout. So we'll be doing about 10 to 12 minutes of cardio, and let's just get you warmed up and ready to go into your leg workout. The reason I like doing cardio before all my leg workouts is because odds are you are sitting now for most of the day if you're at work and then you work out later. Or if you walk up in the morning you're sleeping all night, you're bloods not really flowing throughout your body. You will be lifting so heavy that you actually need your body to be 100% warmed up and focused in blood actually in the muscle group set your target. Now we're going to get started and start on the leg extensions. We're going to do four sets of 20 reps. What you want to do is pick away you can do about 25 reps of. No more than 25 because you're going to do full reps and parcer reps. So you sit down, you get a good seat, keep your back flat against the bench, and you want to come up to a full extension. Slowly come down. You're really focusing on the contraction of the muscle and really focusing on the detail. So we'll get our 10 reps in. 10 full reps and 10 parcer reps. So then we slowly let it down halfway and then back up. Squeeze, contract the muscle, back down. Keep it going. You just want to make sure you're fully contracting the muscle each and every time. Hold the contraction just for a slight second at the top and really put emphasis on your quads and your outer swoop. And that's complete. So that's one set. We're going to do four more or three more sets and then keep the rolling. Leg extensions. The way we're doing them is we go nice and slow so you're actually pre-exhausting your smaller muscle groups. So by pre-exhausting on leg extensions you're actually able to use more of your hamstrings and glutes throughout your squats. So when you do do heavy squats again without pre-exhausting, you're strength to just go some of the rough. Now the reason I do full reps and then go to partials, the full reps are to get obviously get a good stretch and full length of motion throughout your workout. And then the partials are really the finishing touches. Just because you're not going all the way down so your muscles don't get a full chance to relax. The weight stays on the muscle group and then you can track and right back so you never get a break. So that was a final set of leg extensions. Now we're going to go over to our heavy sets with squats and that's going to be our heavy compound movement. We're going to start with a low weight workout way up until our heavy sets of four sets of paites in. We're going to do about three sets of warm-ups sets for wrestling getting heavier. So we just stretch in the movement, work our quads, work our hamstring and glutes. So we're really ready for the three working sets of eight reps. So we're going to start off. I'm going to start off with one thirty-five and progress the go up. You don't have to start there. Start wherever you're comfortable at and slowly work up to what's heavy set of eight for you. If you shouldn't be able to get more than ten on your first set but no less than eight on your last set. So I'll find a way that's very comfortable for you. Re-requit. Wait about forty-five seconds and then we're going to go increase the weight and do another set. The reason we start with squats kind of and it's not really the first exercise but our first real heavy exercise is to incorporate and get out all your strength and really get your testosterone going, get your energy levels going and really just push the hardest part of the workout out the way while you have the most energy possible. And with heavy squats you really fatigue every other muscle group. It really incorporates your glutes, your hamstrings, your quads, your calves, even incorporates your back to keep you steady. As we're getting progressively heavier, I like to personally put on a belt. It really saves my core and my lower back from getting too much blood into it. I save from actually injuring myself if you wiggle a little bit on your squats because you're working so hard to push up at the heaviest weight possible. I also use my knee reps. I save my knees and my joints so I'm actually able to work out harder. So the start first real working set. I want to make sure that you guys really get into mental mind state. Take a second gather yourself. You want to think about just getting down to a proper form and bursting out as fast as possible. When you start lifting heavy, you always want to get into a mental zone and mental planning state because if you don't really hyperself up and get excited and get ready for lift, sometimes you get too nervous about the actual weight that you can't finish off your reps. So I'll set one as you see I'm drained. You get a few quick seconds break and then I'll set two. So now we're moving in a single leg. Leg press and then we're going to go over to standing calf raises. There's no warm upsets in this because you're already warmed up from your squats and everything else that you did prior to this. So we're going to get started. We're going to do 10 on your right leg that follow a meal by 10 on your left leg and then a meal you're right after that. It was 20 double legs. You want to keep your feet close together and high on the pad so you're really working your hamstrings and glutes and you're out of swooping. You're really focusing on the contraction. So you want to make sure you put your foot in the middle of the pad. Keep your knees slightly pointed out and till slightly pointed out as well. Push up a lot and you come down and back up. Nobody ever works just one leg throughout a really leg workout effort. So this actually stops that dominant leg from actually getting becoming bigger or stronger and you don't have a weak side. And also the reason we put our feet in the middle and a little bit higher because you actually work your hamstring and glutes more. And then you're able to really just isolate that one leg and not get any extra help in. Then you go hit your 20 doubles. You're going to close the end, work your hamstrings and your outer quads. Because when you usually do squats, your feet are so wide that you're working your inner. Quad and your hip abductor so you want to put your feet in. And then you're just working slowly outside of your quads and your hamstrings and glutes. I like going higher reps and a lot of my workouts when I'm looking for a more growth. It really helps me focus on actually getting the blood flow into the muscles. A pulse of doing what I really like doing is really heavy lifting. I didn't really see any growth from that. I'm doing sets of five to six. But that does let you get a lot stronger over time. So, now we're pretty tired. You'd actually be pretty pumped. So now we're going to move over to our Smith machines. We're going to superset Smith machine squat with standing calf raises. But I do my Smith machine squats a little bit differently. So let's go over here. Let me show you guys what we're going to do. What we're going to do is a drop set and we're going to do three drop sets. So it's going to be 777-21 total. So 7 with 315-7 with 225-7.135. Then immediately after that, we're going to go to standing calf raises. Now with our standing calf raises, we're going to do three different angles. We're going to do out normal and in. I do my Smith machine slightly different than everybody else. It's not just a normal squat. So you get underneath like normal. It's not just sitting straight on your traps. It's slightly on your lower back. So we're going to walk it forward. Have our feet shoulder width apart. Or just outside of shoulder width. To hold the spoon it out. Just up, chin up as well. We're going to drop it down, keeping your back straight. That's a really big focus on this one. The purpose of the Smith machine squats is to fill. You want to make sure that at the last drop set that you're just totally fatigued and you're tired. If you're not really tired, go up a little bit and wait. It's fine. But 315 is usually enough for me. And when I drop down to 225, it still feels like 315. You want the weight to fill the same, even though it's getting lighter. I never lock out my knees on any leg workout just because it's too much pressure on my knees. I always have them slightly bent. And then that really just keeps everything all the weight and load on my muscles instead of my joints. So then you stand straight up and go into your calf raises. First set, toes pointed in. Come up, squeeze and back down. When you're doing this set, you want to make sure that you're not coming totally down to the ground where your heel is such. It really close. And then back up. Lock it. And that's one set. So we're going to finish up the next two sets. Give yourself a 45 second break. And there we go. And there we go. So those are final set. Moving on to the last part of the workout. See the calf raises and see the leg curls are up next. We're going to do 10 reps, a seated leg curls. Super set it with seated calf raises. Now with this we're really focusing on the contraction. Really focusing on the squeeze. You want to really squeeze always tight as possible at the bottom. Come back up. The best part about this is that you can jump right back into each exercise. Really get a great pop and focus on just filling out the muscle groups. Because this is one of our last workouts before we're totally done. Then we'll hop right over here into our calf raises. If you don't want to lean forward on these, I want to make sure that you're sitting upright. You're not pulling back on it. Come down to get a great stretch. And then back up. I think the negative part is actually more important than the actual pot of the exercise. The actual pot of the hamstring curl. Just because you're really stretching out your hamstrings. You're slowing it down. You're not letting the weight take control of the movement. You're actually controlling the movement. So it really stretches your muscles and actually forces blood in there. So we get in great detail and in great pump as well. So our last exercise is walking lunges. Let's go do it. This is our last exercise. If you did this whole workout correctly, you should be totally gas, very fatigued, delected be really swollen and tired. And a body weight walking lung is literally more than enough. We're going to take eight walking lunges on each leg. And then take a quick 45 second break and back at it. When you're doing your walking lunges, me personally. I don't actually like to tap my knees because sometimes you might slip or anything. My happened especially of weights on your back. And you actually do some damage to your knees. Or you get a few bruises or cuts. Me, no injury is a good day. I'd like to come about two to three inches short of the actual ground. Just keep it rolling. If you guys have any questions or comments, you guys want to send to me. You can find me at Body Space at Lawrence under Score Ballinger. And for more videos on contact, always come back to BodyBloom.com.