When I logged on to bodybuilding.com three years ago, I was 185 pounds in a size 14. And I just wanted to be 150 pounds in a size 10. After reading the articles about training, nutrition and supplementation, I found myself a size 4. And I never thought I would be that size. Body space shows that anyone can get in great shape. Anyone can adopt a healthy lifestyle. And that if you're patient and that if you're consistent, that you will reach your goals. I've worked out mainly for myself and for my family. Outside of the gym, I like to be an extreme sports athlete. I like to raise a motor cross. I like to snowboard. And the gym allows me to be able to do that. Motor cross, it's not like football or you take a snap and you do a play and you get a five minute break. I mean, it's go-go-go and there is no breaks. You have to be able to have the endurance. You've able to have the muscle capacity to get through an entire race. What's nice is bodybuilding.com has a lot of workouts that can actually train you for like a motor cross race. Like circutraining high intensity cardio. I can get all that information and I can apply it to my motor cross career and reach that goal as well outside of the gym. I didn't want to fall prey to society's myth of you can never be in great shape again. You've had kids. So I said really, okay, well we're going to see about that. 13 years later, I'm not only in better shape, but I have more muscle and I just feel great. Yes, someone told me that I could go back and be 20 tomorrow. I'd say no way. Any day, I'm expecting my first grandchild. I'm totally ready for it. More ready than I've probably ever been for anything in my life, so bring it on. Initially my goal was just to get bigger. All throughout high school, junior high, I've weighed about 125 out of most soaking wet. And everybody who sees me now can't believe how basically I changed. Well, brother didn't recognize me when he saw a picture of you, with my shirt off. Once I got bigger, my goals evolved to not just stay in big, but being healthy. Nutrition is the most important aspect of any fitness go no matter what you're doing. If you're playing football, playing soccer, go out of glinton.com, supply any nutrition and information you need or any supplements you need. My specific goal for going to bodybuilding.com was to get into competing. Since then, I've done over 15 competitions, fitness, figure, and bikini. I've landed two magazine covers. I've been on Oxygen Magazine. I've been on Ironman Magazine. And most recently, I won Body Space Books Model. I like to put pictures of me lifting heavyweight on my body space page because it shows women that you do not have to look like a bodybuilder to lift heavyweight. If you want to transform your body in your life, bodybuilding.com is a great place to go. One, two, three, four, four, six, four, five, six, five, six, five, five, five years old. I'm an old guy, but I'm really not because I've found the fountain of youth. That's working out at the gym, stay in healthy, and supplementation with bodybuilding.com. My day started out, 5 a.m. in the morning. I work all day, then turn around after work and going and trying to have the energy that you need and display for the children. You've got to have a certain level of intensity and excitement to keep the kids interested. If I want to be the best I can be, I go to bodybuilding.com. I get the supplements that I need to give me, the energy, the confidence, the focus, all those things needed to go out on that practice field, be the leader. And then turn around and go home and still be the leader. Oh, yeah, hi, good job guys. It's your life. It's your life. Lift it. Lift it. Lift it at bodybuilding.com. At bodybuilding.com. At bodybuilding.com.