Day 1, technically day 1, in New York, New York. Everybody is up, it's 20 past five, we're going up for an hour. Adam has somehow miraculously slets through the commotion of the kitchen. Taking a look at Jordan and Harry both in a really, really good position. After a 70-hour flight, there's some tendency to order a little bit of water. We've flushed all the three yesterday. I'm used to not sure, but I read it, it's just a whole lot back. I had a look confident that there was bare minimum water held, which is fantastic. Just planning the load for today, we're going to start today, it is Wednesday, Saturday. So we need to get a good influx of food in both of us, soup, and stuff like soup, and so on. Harry's a prep, although today, all the time prep, low. So it's about filling filling, give these boards some food, some sort of very happy about it. So it's good, good, 3 meals in, and then hit gym, I'm not too sure, probably hit diamonds gym, or whatever, scoop around, we're up to 12 hours from bed, which is a little bit annoying. But I think what it is, I've got more to cut you in the gym. I'm going to put some more food in the gym, and then some more food. So we're going to get back to food and bring them. No, I don't know when, or when, or when, when, when, when, when. Just some food and see how we go with that, and then for that point we can just take it. Oh, I want to make it by meal, and just make some treats on me and eat soup. This is the fun part, the guys are still tired of getting food in, but everybody's against how far and they're actually to eat and drink when you're late in the summer. I know it wiped out. Thing once it gets it's like round, they're going to be okay. Give me still, give me got it! Two guys disappointing, I'm just kidding, don't worry. Give me a little bit of food, don't worry, I'll give a little bite. The food has also increased, and much more than you'll find. Cool, we're nervous. That's going to be ugly, man. Yeah, three meals in. Both flat-spuck sick, man. But in such a very, very, very good position. From here, everything is easily manipulated. They're right where I need to be. A little response from the food. Go and have a sleep and go in, you know. It's good to see both for happy. Yeah. Even the level flat and hungry. But they both know the process. They don't enough time and I was going to work out just, yeah. Locking themselves in and just, you know, just getting them easy, resting. Getting all the fluid down. That's the hardest part. Probably pushing it was fluid in. Over the food. Keep in the... Oh, man. That was good. Yeah. That was a good side. I think that was a good side. I think that was a good side. I think that was a good side. It's a little ban from England. Thank you, gentlemen. Anyone? I got someone with friends. Yeah. I've been a driver. Then it's a little... I'll see you in the perfect. Home the money for where we are. They won't nearly complete the harrow. Jordan and his sleepers, that's all looking at me now. But we're now adopted the garage. It's freaking amazing. Four people. And I'll ask the pose of her in the stove. This is Chuck and Point. It's a life-thousand quick-to-go. And Harry will be a money. They will draw a level for that. And we'll stop through that. So, on the old days, we'll go. On the old days, we'll go. So that's 600 grand before I distinct off the day. And we'll go back to the garage, rather than day. It's just fun, right? And let it go. Let it go. We'll go back. But we won't know when they're asleep. The harrow's asleep. We don't expect to be. And I wish to have a long period of time to be fit in the stage. So it's just a garage that I didn't have in my no-one. We're going to plan. You've got a good baseline off the stage because of the joy. So you know the base line run way for the next few days. And then there's the very small two-tier one now. For us essentially, I'm good for that. So we'll take it over during the second one. And see how we look in and then hit this thing. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. What are you guys? Day two here in New York. It is... Just six in the morning. I've been up for about 10 minutes. How are you? Probably been away. I was waiting for his feet. We've... But those Jordan and Harry, hopefully, they're really, really good spot. Both dry up, a little speech fell out which was good. He's still got TV, so he's a two-for-way guy to us. Just fantastic, but at the momentum, we're starting to make him up now. Now we have a solid baseline to work off. The response from yesterday was good. We're pretty much going to replicate. It's more than one. We're staying on our feet for both guys. But I've literally, there are a couple of me who's at a time and just make sure everything's going to plan. We'll be training after me, we'll get a good look in the gym. We'll see the gym. I've never quite quality American gym. I'm very, very good posing room as well. So we get a good indication of the guys can see themselves as well, which is always a good thing. Just to see how things are coming together, we have a confidence boost. At this point, you're naturally starting to get in the head a little bit, potentially. If you can start to see things coming together, as an athlete is a bit of a win. We're not stressed about the load. You're not worried. It goes a level below. The body then still becomes very responsive. So that's key for me. Just reassuring the athlete, making sure that everything's a good point. And these guys are doing a very well on the body. They're tough enough to get into their 200 grams of course, but there's a flat-chisey and peanut butter jelly sandwiches for breakfast. Adam is a serious athlete. And I'm just a bit of a bit of a plan. Then check in, man I said, so we will probably catch up in the gym. I'm going to do push today for both guys. So we'll be going to see some forward in the chat, wherever they're. Yeah, catch them. Yes guys, we're back here at Sigmundshire Fitness. What an effort place to be out with now. Why is there is crazy? Guys are in for the push session. Just move the blood around. We've been that top show set in this. And see what it looks like. Coach work out. Those are really good. So excited to see it. And that I like, again, just going to you. Left through some light exercise. Nothing crazy. We want to see who the people that would have liked it in this gym, put them to their body. So let's see what it goes. It's getting exciting. And it's a big transform and body out. Yeah, see that. See that. Okay, what do we have to read on the first? We said like, we said you're going to be 1500 knots. We're going on the first week. We've got a lot to do. We've got a lot to do. Okay. I got a lot to do. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah, guys. So just had a look at Harry in the posing room in a really good spot. Night and day difference from yesterday's look when we're only three meals in. We're now. Oh, we've got six probably two thousand two hundred grand cards in. And we did very, very good amount of water. For the ex comes alive, which is what we want. We want to a delayed response. Everything's where it needs to be. God game time for the rest of today, which will then put us in a even better position tomorrow morning. First of them be able to to pack off a little bit throughout the day. Clean up the GI. And then probably spiking up any even. So, the manipulation of what will be controlled as a visual from the point to point. Jordan is just literally doing his last set now and then we're going to go and have a look. He's, I can already physically see, he's a lot fuller just wearing a t-shirt, which is a good sign. So, when we get in the pose and remember he's still going to come alive, we'll hit three or four rounds, getting working. And yeah, we go from there, then while there is all the rest of the days planned for him, see how he looks, the see of him as well, and just make some fun and adjustments that need to go into tomorrow. So, it'll be pretty cool. So, it's time to deliver it, try to see it in everybody, apart from how are you doing it. Sorry, maybe it's not. Just coming to the end of the day. Let's go as up on one wheel. Take a look at him in the garage. I'm not even literally cool, so, see where we're at. Then just make the sign and cool for tonight and down to four minutes. So, apparently, there was tomorrow, and half four, five o'clock. See where we're sitting at that point, and then just start to plan the first couple of days. But my body's responded, and then from that point, freezing. I think, it's hard and awfully scratch, it is around about six and eight-ish. So, we've done a bit of a new set, we've got a couple of hours. Head back, and that should be enough. We have in Detroit. Okay, we'll stay in Detroit tonight. It is a shake off today. I'm just a peach munchie. Delicious. It's a retired body game. Yeah, it's a shake off. It's a shake off. Hey let's continue to quit the video first. Let's do this. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time. I'll pay you one more time.