Hey guys, welcome back to the YouTube channel. We are here in glorious sunny Spangua, okay we're here in Alicante. I've been here since Tuesday, I was many of you here Monday, but right now I've been in the flight, my pastels damaged, but easy yet a good as golden, let me on so I'm here luckily, Jamie arrives on Tuesday evening, we stay that mother goose is, thank you mum, we chilled there for a little bit just rested. Jamie was coming off the back end the last week shows back to back over all winds, you know, just holding a bit of fluid from that. Hello, bit of a stomach issue, which cleared thankfully as well. We've shifted over here to El Planteo, the place where we always stay here in Alicantee by the VB spaces where the show is going to be held. Jamie's in a fantastic spot, he's just getting dry, a harder fuller by the literally by the hour, it's crazy to see such a good position to be in. Very easily manageable from here, we're just about to head off to the time finnist for the last session, literally just going to move some blood around and hit some rounds of pose in. Have a good look, see where we are and then from that it is literally chilled time up until the show tomorrow we've got a massage book then just over there, then flush free other than that the mum and his literally is going to sleep and then eat and so perfect position to be in, we're seeing the jump. Yeah, oh, I love how we are like, come on my gol 뭐가e I will be there okay I'll be there We have a good, good, good, good. We have a good, good, good. We have a good balance. Yeah, it's our first time. We had to first show this to shoot the number of people. Yeah, and that's a big impact with that. That was on the show. You know, that's like how far I doubt it. You know, so you prefer to get that time and you know, you can, like, say, be friends, I would like to think to this because the body is, you know, you're reapspacing. I'll get knowledge about that. Um, do that now... Yeah, cos this is car Garcia. I'll try hiatzefEsair. I'm so sure. Yeah, see that, i think?atto. Don't tease him. It's not an added effect on the face. This is the best way of being made to love Martin. It's a good way to get rid of the dust. It's a good way to get rid of the dust. It's a good way to get rid of the dust. It's a good way to get rid of the dust. You can compare the taste. It's a good way to get rid of the dust. It's a good way to get rid of the dust. It's a good way to get rid of the dust. Jim and Dunn and Dust did the last workout here. Jim is loom fucking ridiculous. Full blown. Like we're in the power set position. So we set a rough guy like him. We guys to knew it was so today. Put three in pre. We had a reasonable day yesterday. The fullness that I seen this morning was good. It's just got better out the day. We moved some blood. Everything's held pretty much where it needs to be. We've not seen any depletes show. We've not seen any say it off. We guys are that fullness. Which person is in a given front-passed position. Just be able to pull back a little bit. We got three meals now post workout. We just had meal thighs. So there's only one more meal to go. So we're just pulling back a little bit now. With the weight of the body composition is in the moment. It's perfect. We know in the morning. The look is very, very good. And by tomorrow morning to be even better than this morning. So yeah, we could have been about to spot right now. We're still 36 hours from stage, which is a long, long time in the week. You know, especially at this point of the week. And now the Jamie's feeling good. And just happy. That's what he needs for you. He's tired. We had a late one last night. So just going to hit the sack and just chill out for the rest of the night. And then you're missing. That's all your body needs is just for rest now. And just go like this. Give you back into a position where you're just chillin there. And more I look alive for tomorrow. And then just cruise through tomorrow. Small changes here in there. The possible bargaret of fries. The tomorrow night. We know we know once we're really well with Jamie's physique. So the day he stayed. We can pull back for you out the day tomorrow, which is a blessing. Because then it tears the GI. And then we know that we can shock him in the evening. We can do a good high calorie meal, which is going to work wonders. We've traveled it last week. And the response was fantastic. So it was different scenario. We've got to back to show us. It worked just from seeing the visuals from that. We can we know we're confident going into this. That we can utilize it. So we're just finding games there. We're going to follow. So we will touch base in the morning. In the morning. In the morning. Yes, guys. It is Saturday. They were foreshows. We are just going to head out to Don't see Monica who's going to do an influx for Jamie. I'm going to show you a bit of a stiff shoulder sort of transfigure up. And then we're going to have a little bit of a stiff shoulder sort of transfigure up. And then head to registration, Tand. They're using a fantastic spot. Worker performing dry. Laying for an extra soft. As expected. Always happens. It was able to get a couple of good meals in the morning. They were just backing off again. Just keeping that balance as fullness. And then it's allowing the water to dry the body. We've just had a quick look now. These skid and dry by the hours. Just one touch. And this was one of the most fullness was a GDSA. And it's just about keeping that. And then just keeping the balance and just trying to suck all the water out. Ready for tomorrow. We still got probably. A good 204 plus hours until he's on stage. We'll just assess me or why meal. We'll see how he's looking after the side when the tans on. And just give us that again just a better indication of how things are looking. Go from there. So. Catch him back. He's going to just yeah. Move long, rather. Shift index causes negative speed. Nice. Alright, I came to fight these199 years! Break that mood to us. I've got to be looking at my soul. 10-4 years ago. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Well, it's clap. And before the boys get their bag guys, we are here at Gui Coat. I think it's pronounced in Alec County. It's pretty epic. Wait for the feed, the feast. Registration done. No turning. So, too much of Jamie's joy. Time it will be done. It's three cos tomorrow morning, which is freaking fantastic. So, we've scored a sleet. Not stressed about being sticky and sweating is harder. So, that's another of the bless. We are in a position where Jamie can be fed quite a bit. We've driven down through the day. We've kept it quite very tight. You know, if the body is there, it's pretty much ready to rough. We just want to take top up tonight. We're just going to hold it for tomorrow. It's a pull off the water. Yeah, it's going to be exciting. So, we're going to be excited. Sam is joined us. He's grabbing himself. He's immense. He's probably the tool that I have. No idea what class they're going to draw. So, probably the tool is class. He's looking sick. He's done the apples rolling himself. So, he's a now feed in himself as well. So, let me get it. We're going to get it. We're going to have a bag of this. But yeah, it's very much as a smart. It's a good show. It's very, very good. I think that's a good show. We'll see what happens. Well, that's one of my favourite. I'm going to try it. I'm going to try it. I'm going to try it. I'm going to try it. That's my favourite. I'm going to try it. It's not a biscuit base. It's like a cake base. It's a buttercream. Big. Nice though. It's very very. You can tell it's baked up from the crust. Let's see if we can see it in a different... ... or a restaurant. Last one you have a competition. This should just traditional Spanish tea. If you've made one, right. There you go. Hey guys, yes, it is so late. Everything's there. We're ready to rock. Really in a good spot right now. It's going to be a good show. I think it's six in Jamie's class. Yeah, all is good. Very excited for this one. Fighting bro. Hey, everyone. I wanna get flavouring. Spr 110 oh right here. Let's keep. Check it. How to push the ball from the back? Go some phantom, go grab the ball from FRANDIOR! Mine is a little bit too long. Boy, you got one love now, four times a day. That's all I got. Well, I'll call her to the right. Can't see her. Look there. She's not allowed to go. Is that a chance? Yes, she is. For last piece of that, back to the boss. Yeah, last time. Either star and star trance up. Well, that's case from abdominals that went on. And your favorite muscle, last one. Yeah, that. Side shot. The last piece of that back to the vice. Yeah, that's that. That last one. Either star and star trance up. Yeah, that's that. Well, last piece from abdominals that went on. And your favorite muscle. That's the last piece of that. You can get the hair set. You're getting two fingers. That is spain's done. We're at, yeah, at. Yeah, we can walk flight back up the yesterdays show fantastic show. Okay, just not the result, but we wanted to tell you me that that's the incredible line up was crazy. It was a great place for the in and on bias trying to be in an unbiased edition was a little bit harsh, but that's what it is. Jamie Bork is best package. Who just wasn't the lead they were looking for, which is body building at the end of the day. So we rolled on and we've had a sit down and a chart and we got a couple of options but we're not making any solid decision just yet. We've just got to in. That work is now 25 to midnight. My pieces are taking whatever we are staying here tonight and then tomorrow we fight in the York. So we can't show you the side of the deal.