Hey guys, welcome back to the YouTube. It is the Ben Weed UK Pro Polifier weekend. It's Friday afternoon and registration is in a couple of hours. Less than a couple of hours now. One and a half hours. It'd be a very precise look at that. Florian upstairs here. Very, very hungry. Under his cap waiting to be weighed and registered so he can eat. Luckily, Josh and Florian are both staying in the same apartment block. It's fantastic for me, I'm following this down the road. Been more than 13 years since last night, every couple of meals to conclude your different approaches. It's just cool. We've Josh coming off the back end of the first regional couple of weeks ago because we've got some really good data. There are things for me into places as well. There's a few in honourable eased in honourable, I don't know, I can't say the word, the fat word. Going into the regional which we were able to spin around and bring one out of the lip to that stage, very condition, bubbly, physique. He's already in a bad position now going into this show, which is good, I'm so afraid. It's a very good lineup in Super. Florian, class B, class C. I already know that it's going to be a very good lineup in class B. A couple of other good guys in class B as well, so I'm excited for it. It's going to be a good show. Coming off the back end of Fibo, last weekend, I'm still very hyped on the so close so close. Two is an LMP qualification, a private input in place with him for the minute. We should be going again very soon. Don Fibo, fantastic package, Dom's best look. Two day, he's in the class of 15. Of course, that can place unfortunately. It's a bodybuilder when we enter the day. It was a close call, but he don't very well, and again, planned to be a bit of a place for potential returns to the stage at some point soon. So, I'm going to go and check out the guys now and then go from there and we'll see you at Reg. This is a good, he's about the kilo under on his scales under the wake cap. It's just about to have a look at Jocelyn. So, just checked on the guys, Florian is looking very good. He's super flat waiting for some food, desperately hungry. He's only had about three eggs and literally in total 200 gram per chicken. And about 500 grams of nut butter, about 500 ml water, all day. It's now an hour away from Reg, and we're below the cap holding nicely. Meals planned, but one meal, big meal planned to get in. You just got to be careful because I'll see you in the position where we need to get food fluid, so we're going back in and you got to get it at the right pace. It's not about just completely just overloading in with food for the foreseeable overnight into the show. It's an early show tomorrow. And he pulls a great vacuum as well, so we need midsection to be super tight. So it's about that balance of getting the right amount of water in, sodium and then a comfort of the amount of carbohydrates over the period of time. I'll probably haven't feed enough until late, smaller meals, rather than just sort of just maybe into a three meals in. That are really big. Again, just seeing how it's stomachs. It's Josh's looking really good. Very happy with the low, the body's responding. He holds fullness so well. So in a position where I'm able to even pull carbohydrates, let the diarrhea's process really sort of take effect because you're not adding carbs into the equation and then be able to spiking up a little bit later on. So it's exciting to watch the favorite part of me. I'll be yeah, that's about it. I've got a couple of guys on in Scotland tomorrow doing Naba Scotland. They're in Chris, both looking good. I'm just waiting for their update after meal number four each. I think they've got a big hook. It's all good at those things just joking. So look at that now, get his next meal planned out and then note out Chris will be checking in at some point soon and then get him ready. For his next meal and that's about it. Four guys on this weekend all hoping for good results. Lemonbuster brof. Five minutes. So it is registration time. Florian is very hungry. He's comfortably under the cap now. Well, hope he is. This guy was a reading wrong. I'm going to look mad. But yeah, everything's looking good. Josh is just chilling. He'll make his work at some point zero stress on his behalf. Very much in a good position. We're going to get this done feed Florian put 200 grams of carbs in in pretty straight away, pretty straight away with a little water in total mixed with his core and to drink. This is so the end back in him and just bring him back to life. He's smart. That's all part of the process. Funning games making weeks up. Not as fun as what we've done last week with Monzie that was a pretty damn crazy beer. That's another day. Yeah, it will go Oh, check him in a minute and then find out what Josh is. He's good. Huh? He's giving him some food. Are you his now? All right. Yeah. Thank you. Perfect. So Florian has just made way. Kila went there with T-shirt on so we just wanted to become the book because recently experiences some skills we different some people hype from. So just making sure there's additional stress and we've got to run away and drop a Kila we'll see. 200 grams of carbs are now going in and Florian is very much enjoying that from cream and rice dates. Fruit, rice cakes, honey and yeah. That'll do sit very nicely. It's very similar approach to what we've done last week. France, Ray Warnier of Rural. We'll do this. Last week we played it a little bit tentatively because of the chance of the rebound coming off the back end of the show. We've been traveling as well and just wanted to smooth process. So it was about 85% last week and now we go 101% so the peak can now become as more fun because I can deal all in with him. So yeah it's going to be fun. Josh is on his way so we'll touch base with him in a minute. The guys don't get tired for about an hour and a half or so so they'll head back to the apartment and come back in a bit. Yeah so maybe game time now. Florian Josh, yeah kilo under with T-shirt on. Is it heavy? Yeah. Are we having a view that more? Yeah we're still like, so how much do you got left Or will you't have a woman like us trying to out? Yeah, just put another grandma and she think that is swimming quite well. I can't. No, no, no, no. I'd rather just let that go through and then as soon as back on me, like, I'll work out what we're going to be. I'll have a look at you after tunting. Again, just seeing how that shift in. Okay, and then go from there. Just chill for a minute. Half an hour, hopefully you'll be in tunting for 30 minutes. That is registration done. The boys are tunting. Just some of the little and both and they are both looking very, very good. Very happy. I've got two guys, Chris and Dan now checking in Litchie as on to in this. And yeah, they're looking brilliant as well. So all the plan and Josh's joy a lot. Josh is on chill mode at the moment because we're going to plan a big meal in about an hour of 15 minutes. Slawian needs to get home now and eat. There's a couple of meals that we're going in and then we have probably a little bit more of a calorie dense meal in the back end of tonight. Just so then sit well for tomorrow and then see how it looks and that is it? We'll catch you tomorrow. Show that you. Yes, guys, good morning. It is showday. It is, possibly even telling the right time. So on the by time. It's cool past 8 in the morning. I've been up since 4 o'clock. Check them the guys early. Got a meal in super early. Just really because the only show star we just want to make sure that everything is perfect. So can't waste any time in the morning. Josh's getting tanned. It was top coat, Florian, little over there just waiting to hit the stage. He is perfect. He's ready. It's a bit good day. Chris and Danen, Scott them two guys up there for Peter's Day and then Abbas Scotland. They've checked in this morning early. They're on their way to the show. It's good. It's going to be a good time out today. It's good athletes. They're going to be hitting the stage. It's going to be exciting. I'm going to head back stage with a good backstage stage of the tanned and now we're going to check on Josh. See how he's doing. where are you guys? the right. Clutes. Quarter turn to the right. Quarter turn to the right. Quarter turn to the right. Quarter turn to the right. Turn around piece the back. Lower the right. Lower the right. Piece the back. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Turn around piece the back. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the left. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right. Lower the right.