Hey guys, currently we're done. Welcome back to the YouTube today we're filming a day in the life. So I know some of you always intrigued what coaches do. I'm a day today basis, it's not exciting but I'm going to show you. I'm just going to go for a walk in a minute, get some fresh air, it's burning up a little bit, it's very cloudy just morning. Go get a coffee or talk you through the day. So after the time I'd like to just go for a little bit of a walk, to the head, foam still probably not going to be in my hand for another, but it will be in my hand but I won't be working for about another 20 minutes or so just going to do and wasting the UK guys to start checking in with this handy because all of within the body or head of the time, which is very, very beneficial. Yes I've got guys have checked the information, I've cured them which I'll get back to as soon as I'm back in the room. But for a minute, just still for a walk, get some steps in, try to finish it before I have my first coffee, always like to treat the leer and a half before I have a coffee, I'll go for a few days a minute. But such you are a this is a food stack from the SN and I mean from the SN which I've got. The reason why I have a mean is as a weight, it's a little really for first two hours so I have that big of mean of dump in this drink and the aftly stack is complex, more of a bit of a more mineral and hydration formula, these works really well, takes epic. So I've been there for a five hour drink and a walk in the good behind the day and I'll have a big coffee, I've had a clever help, I've done a done cold turkey about three weeks ago and I've stopped all caffeine. I was drinking recently. Two or three cups of coffee today, two or three energy drinks today, I'm in a free workout stick, I'm not caffeine in time with this one around my family, where I just went and then I was on some take-in, which is some days my own in, to get the sleep was at least sleep, but that sleep helped with something else. It's not healthy waiting if I'm with the competencies I'm dying, I wanted a little bit of a adrenal reset so I'll put a little caffeine out here a little bit better. Tired in the morning, it doesn't get that kick, these are probably able to sleep better more effectively and what I'll probably start to do over the next few weeks is generally starting to reintroduce caffeine at a low level just to give me a good friend. I'll give myself back into this ring I think for a while I was going to be needing for the season. So this is what tends to happen, I'll look for a coffee and then I'll see what people with E.C. and the experiment that is really good, a hungry, a little bit of a two-act right, and I would devour this and then probably touch up my protein with some clear way back in the room. That's good. Done. So that's breakfast done in Dusty, but I want to breakfast, I'll finish part two and I'll get back. I'll do head back to the hotel room now, crack on with flying check-ins, certainly coming now. It's just not seven in the UK. You'll start rolling them and it doesn't get through them quite quickly. Typically, 15 to 15 to 20 check-ins a day, I do have a short walk. Then we'll go on crack at the moment, I think about 15 guys on crack three or four, five, six, seven weeks out. So their check-ins are quite regular at the moment. It's touching basically the cue and they're all pretty much on point for where they need to be. Regular, more regular, refeeding normal. There's a point for some of them, so the check-ins become again increased because all of C were where they're looking at the morning after post-war trial. A day after post-war count, the day after the, it comes in thick and fast and this is where the season really comes out. They've come alive and we are three weeks out from show number one and they are the Kuskulti's Cup. In Essex, the first two boat, two bros, NPC regional that qualify you for any profile of fire. So the illustrious player, maybe pro-card anywhere in the world in part from America and that should be in the ironwoods and a couple other workshops in the cupcake. But yeah, we'll get on with these coffee and we'll have that theory. So breakfast part two is the ice of clear from ESM. I don't like normally drinking, probably take on the room. And I'm never really like the me too way. But this from ESM is really well, tastes really well. There's no funny after taste as well, which is fantastic. This is a cherry lemonade that I think is a cherry blade, this is a moment of loss of the ice. So what I'm going to have to try and do is formulate some way of getting this in there. I think we use the whole one card with a holder to actually make a mess. Well, this is dead, just topping up. I'm going to put it there. There we go. Topping up some protein. It's only had 4 eggs. I tend to eat 4 or 5 meals a day. And then whatever else I found to you on top of it, I'm pretty flexible in my diet. I'll make pre-wreck out with the white pudding. Mix it with one of the blueberry or lime flavor and my free workout and what I'll do is have that and pick up some wheels from BIRUS and you can find that and that's enough the rest of the day. I'll do it half. Thanks here. I'll do normally cut in my little way cutter but the expert at the tip look is too tasty to this and this thing. The ninja which I'll show you in this later is a God-Sem's. I think I'm going to travel and stay in hotels and wants to cook or reheat their food. This thing is an absolute good thing. It's quite bulky the head of it but it will pack in a suitcase time. I'll fix glass dishes. It's not going to break. Make sure to shake it, get this in, start by work. Then the pre-work have been removed. My daily encroaching of tablets for the morning encroaching. The D3KT, the pressure of the cumin, the capsules, the dice of the box, the 5HCP in. The tablets and the portsiad Corneau have been glued on for warfare. We shall be avoiding the table. Take a 3N, and I'll show you the assistants right away. I'll take the mic all the time with the next meal. I'll do it again on the day, I'll make sure I get everything in there. So many of the other like the next and tablets I've got before I used to think I was in one but now I've been only probably doing about that. So that would be me doing the next lock in the middle too. We work out about to go in, but gonna make it a little bit sad, but yes, it's a good I've said a lot about this product, I don't know what I'm going to do. But there's a lot of water going to switch into this because it's subtle and it's so easy to make. The work way to do it perfect is literally in matter of just the way you have that in between three the amount of water in the water and the amount of the water. It's the same, the chocolate scales, the chocolate ball. Very handy. I don't have a lot, 60 grams. Perfect, I'm going to use this position, let it set. And then I'm going to put the line bar, and I'm going to make a series of crispy bits of syrup and actually in it. I'm going to put the jinn and a bit from there. Maybe I'll pre-work out and then have to do it myself. Because I've lost my sugar again, you're going to have to try and master the tunnels. It's going to make me work out. Pre-work out the choice is the non-stim crank pump probe again and the tray is very cold of flavour. The crank pump is good. And it's a formulation that's come out by yourself. They have just brought out the Wesley Visitors, Golden Crank Pump probe, which is again even better. Mine that I'll wait for me has just been to do it. So unfortunately it's not here anymore. Now that this is very, very good. I will take this for me and then make a whole reason for the jinn. I will use daily, okay, fantastic product from the SNP. I believe in the quality of the co-reaching, and we've heard of what we've got for a very handy, especially on the gole, and you don't have to then create a thing-loots feed collagen, which is very, very handy. And then these little beauties, the electrolyte sachets, and I will take this with me and I will pour a 1.5-litre bottle of water and dump that in to have towards the end and after training to replenish my electrolytes. So we'll try and mix all this up. We're going to make a horrendous mess. I'm going to have to buy a shake and drink. I'll go back to the dungeon and try and find my other shake. Today we're going to train at Bynos, as we'll be a push session, and we'll get it in get out of busy days. I tend to like to train on my own petions on. I'll give it a little bit of people. But when I'm very busy, I'm just going to get you in and sort of a very tight, it's more of a fact that getting the chop down and getting that hair, unfortunately. And I'm going to try and have a decent session. I'll put my food up recently a little bit. I'm going to come back from Jamaica, where calories work in a room at a higher level. I'll just try to maintain it and sort of try to train this and across the cleanest foods with your there, bargain in here and there, we're going to have to make it. I think it's good for a few kilos up. Just seeing some increase in performance, which is good for me. And it just sets me up for the start of the season, because as soon as I start, it's going to train and go down here. Just like bodybuilding, coaching is the selfish sport. If you want to do what you do at the level you want to do at the commitment to your guys, it's always done with priority, but you cannot look like a health. So just trying to get a good start point before the season is starting. I will neck this. We'll look where we have closing, but the day's very good. And then we'll have to be enough. So today's session push is going to be chest dominant. Going to run 43 chest exercises. Two out, maybe three out. And then I'm taking my day's skill, but we'll probably do one choice set in the size. Start with a good press today, because it's been okay. Normally I lower it in the needle through the basic tendons, and feeling good to start on press. I sort of will try to have between the fly and the press, but start on press today. And it's pretty old school. Four match just filled in weight up. Just really get a good feeling for it, and then probably just do two solid work in set. When I hear good weight. Do one more set in here. Then we'll probably do a flat press, and then do a fly. Just see how I feel, and moving into. That would further I do two or three exercises. We'll see. We'll see how did a little bit of an intensifier there. I've got a last set, there's a drop there, just because I'm the top load. I only got six reps, and I'm going to deliver it more free that. So just the way I've tried to get the most out of your session. Drop in the weight. Push it free. One more set, there's a sneaky tenon. Put the tenon on that one. I like the spins off, there I look there, it was the same sneaky tenon hiding. Always check your weight for please start. You're no longer a tension, and a back of that movement. Really slow down, it's quite light. I've got a lovely pet that I packed, I've got my six tenons. I always complain about, but it does limit me from pressing, so I just have to sync to mark when I'm training. And just again, thinking of a tactical way to make the load heavier. I've time in the tension, and then explode in that little ring. Yeah, you good? Yeah. Magic Electrolight Sunshine, so handy. oh ramadan at the moment so quite yeah quicky, not exactly but places it doesn't make meī very busy look at all the Vietnam Px oh give Go! Check the bottom. You know it's like trying to take that full range of motion, bringing the arms up high, trying to leave with the airway, not the rest. Just trying to fully engage the whole of the media ahead. I'm really good at exercising. I've got shit no cuts, so the dominant of my doubtwork will go towards the media. And then I'll put some anterior in there as well, just to top up with the air. Oh! One thing they don't do in half an year is a lot of 20 points, so here's a lot of 15. Fuck me! I'll do it back off, 15, so I'm in a hang-in-in-a-gift. Just drop one plate, just think smart. Be able to push through a decent set. Push done. I've already got some caston. The super set cast, standard of the C-A, hit them quite intense, lower them up, probably the best way. My opinion to do it, super set or a try set, turn on the HF. I'm actually one of the growing cast really. Frequency wise, I hit them whenever I remember. I tell my athletes probably at least three to four times a week. Well, I tend to say is if you're training up, one training day, training up, the next training day, the C-Cars and we'll take that for you program. And that's it. session done, dust it, about an hour. Grab some food, take some food home, and get back to work. So, post-work out meal today is my favourite from here. It's the Dynamite Chicken. Convenience for me. Can I have another 200, 200 rice please? Thank you. Convenience for me when I come here. It's just so handy. You can wear everything out to choice, fine selection of food. There's beef, chicken, shrimp, salmon, everything you want, and then the York. Bitch, two out to that, and then you got to take the super set or rice, sticky rice, full choice. For me, it's just a bonus, just to be able to have this all prepared. And then what I do is let people want me back up in the ninja. Back in the hotel room, fucker. Just sort of stay in the Airbnb. With 200 rice please, and could you warm that one up please? Thank you. Guys, you're good. Um, yeah, it's perfect. Perfect, excuse me, sir. Not quite. I'm sending you, because I'm going to slide back from the coping to the chicken. Okay, fine. Just to be honest, everybody's been in the hallway. It's like you can see the crash of across the fitness. And we have a week when it's closed. And I'm out of the limits. We'll know it's still getting enough out across the floor. And keep you fresh so we can be in that position too. It's going to be a good thing. So halfway through the surfing team was blocked. Time for me and one of the three. I'm working on the 20th. Stop. Stop. Do you have the hill under your free water? I'm going to ask them what I'm going to give you. So ninja, have brought out this wonderful design. Very compact everywhere. It is very, very handy on the camera. Fist in the sick case nicely. And practically I don't use it so it's full capability, because I don't actually cook them wrong. But for convenience, I cook on a re-heat. So we say it's got a re-heat, re-chris function. And that is what I use it for. I thought it actually takes some decent mirrors. War, not cold. I've got a fridge. I think they're there, which is not big. And then for the day we've got steak potato. And then we've got another fine and white chicken. We'll squeeze it in the fridge for a minute. But a little place on top. Set to... We'll put that about eight minutes. Let's go. We'll eat that. Finish off work. And then we'll head to the moon. Big so. Big ass. We'll do the big so we'll just go over it. Eight minutes. Don't have dust. It's not ready. See you. And this is what I do in my spare time. I'll train that hunting. It's not good. And these are in the sail. Two in spikes. Two in spikes. Two in spikes. Yeah, taking. Yeah, I can. And just like that. You do American Express? Yes. So that is pretty much my day done. I don't normally go to the moon. That scene is keepers here and he's not been. But we've clocked up some stats. I think I'm up about 13.5 thousand. Mostly accumulated in there. I'll go back. I've got a plan to start. Eat some food. I've got to keep rushing and get to sleep. I need some food in myself. And yeah. Get home in the master love wagon.