Yes guys welcome back to the YouTube channel we are here at Hassard though condition coaches here in May then head we have a multi mascot we've leaned it or it's come up come with the Airbnb and other ways oh he's not happy he's not so we're already going to hang around but it is the weekend of the condition coaches kingdom classic first show that the UK season the regional it's going to be a good one I've heard it's probably the biggest starting show the year for a long period of time so I'm very excited Amanda's got a job like a company and she's a good mate mate girl she'll be her travelling not seen and so I'll look at her then that's going really well she'd been ready for while so it's okay so if them jump up for the regional she does get ready for the Ben Ween and a few weeks time so we've got touch with us we've got Jordan and we've got Alex we have more room to cut we are doing checkings we're getting some food in we're gonna then head to graphical get some content get some filming get some training done and then we are off to registration cut you there so this my first meal which is three eggs three egg whites and the hum and 20 dollars eggs I am currently on 5,100 calories per day predominantly carbs that's quite low for me last obviously I'm at the pressure up to 5,9 but I'm able to grow on a bit left this life and he's special recipe for the eggs me just new coming the pan and then take it just fry the pan mate you're setting the oven you're setting it it's still on the oven but it in the same way chaos okay I was frying morning checking days hurry it has just checked in he is looking crazy looking very very he was three weeks up Detroit Pro given my high dates more 1500 grams of carbs should be tripped nicely and put them down yeah it does in about one tripped faster to the state never been to Detroit so excited that will be on YouTube probably episode three of the season so stay tuned sneaky preview for Jordan I can very good very good anyway so that is eight so let's New York Harry's also going to be doing New York so we've got couple guys in New York I'm just gonna make some moments to Jordan's plan he's done and my fourth yeah he's far he's been on well it's not ideal in prep anyone he's an unwell in prep just gets in there head a little bit it does affect you mentally but well you have the reassurance of your coach and just knowing that you do everything you can main thing is you also need a taking the consideration as rest and recovery even though you want to go full war in a prep scenario it's something that you have to think about you know then so body's not responding you're not gonna get the results that you want to see so just a few relations never's planned we've got you guys must go in on pre-work engineering muscles passing through our control I'm not ready. You're here. We are here. I crafted some. We are going to train. All eggs. Password training? But. Please. As always. Mynda training. Girls training, please. Guys training legs. Guessing training content. Thank you. Next. So we are in hamstrings. First, little bit of a quad touch up. We've all been traveling. Satin cars for a long period of time. We've been last couple of days. So, best thing you can do before you do any sort of full leg workout is a bit of flexion. Hipaduction. Open up the glutes. Allow the connection for the hamstring to be that little bit better. Always find it works. Absolutely. One of this. Just setting your leg up. Absolutely. A lot of people miss us out and tend to take it on at the end. But I feel that the crucial exercise just to really get things going. Get the blood move around the legs as well. It's like doing calf raises sometimes when you're doing quads. Just really stimulate the blood around the lower leg. Especially if you're squatting. I find that if you have that stimulation you tend to perform a little bit better. You're not as tight through the lower before you go into your movement. Just a couple of like pointers that I always say to my guys. Like, best thing you can do is just try and set your session up for max. More optimization. By doing these little things before you're sessioning, rather than going full steep. Which is probably going to just do make real do it. But if you think smart before you go into your sessions, the progress that you can make moving forward would be optimal. Yeah, like quads mate. Speak to that. I'm not afraid of it. No. I don't know what I'm trying to do next with East Bucket. It's on my bodybuilder already. I don't know what I'm trying to do next with East Bucket. It's on my bodybuilder already. Silly. So I'm trying to do the half of the weight. I think quite work. What do you want? Drop it down. I'll say 65. 10. My figure girl. Yeah, like white. I think. Oh. Nice bro. I'm still got it. I won't even attempt to get my legs out. I'm not doing fucking quads left. Nice Alex. Good. I got it. Good. Yep. Free what? Get that. Good. Ow. Whoo. Good. Thanks, Louise. Let's go. Come on. Let's go. Come on. I need a squeezing. Yep. Come on. Yep. Easy. Come on. Oh, that's. Go on it. Drop that on it. Sure. I'll put this one on. Because I feel like it makes it shorter. Yeah. You know, when you use the machine like this as well, depends on your height. It's a way your foot doesn't going to be. So obviously none of this machine moves. Where some of them, you can move your foot. You can move this this is totally set. So you're going to have to find your sweet box. Where you don't want your knees come and over. And you're also going to lock fully out of the bottom. Some find your foot. There's a way you really feel like contraction. Is it hot? I have no idea. Yeah. Yeah. So as far as I'm going to tell you, I've come a little bit slightly off to stop that new flesh as much. And what you don't make sure you don't do is tilt out the bottom. And when you're coming up, we don't want to all rest. And at the top of you down, you want to keep that contraction through the glutes. As I'm going to, good point really helps is your first couple of reps. Keep in that pause at the top. Really feel the contraction. In for like five with pauses, then really go for reps. You'll really start feeling better. Nice. It's a nice machine, isn't it? Yeah, yeah, yeah. She like it. You see a hamstring drop. Ah, you see her here? Oh yeah. It's really telling me all of that. We're talking about hamstring. No swearing with you, this PG. Yeah. I've always been really slow. And really concentrate. I think the more you come to check with glutes, that's a key. As soon as I stopped trying to connect, like mind-section, I just lose all feel. Yeah. I've got to just raise the zone out and really think right, glutes, glutes, glutes, glutes. Feel the burn. Nice. Nice. What happened? She's up. Wow. Nice. Come on. Nice. Easy. Nice. Nice. Nice. Nice. Nice. Nice. Nice. Nice. Come on. No, it's not, it's not like宝宝 • Donate It's you You forgot the noodles It was all you did I'm so tired He Tony is listening !​ Here's a baby Is that ok? Come on man. Come on man. Come on man. Let's go. Yes. Come on bro. Come on. Three. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on, let's go, let's go. Let's go, let's go. Leave him alone. Come on. Let's go. Get it, let's go. Come on. Let's go. Let's go. Come on. Let's go. 내가, wake up. Go. Let's go. I have to walk with it. I have to walk with it. I'm not. I use a tray. So Amanda's doing these for the buns. When you're handling them without a bun, the buns isn't actually doing anything in this moment. So I'm going to set it away from a little bit of feedback. And on your adi-out of what we want to put on is you want to contrast the glute. We don't want to come so we can come to ham-shakes eyes. We are going to be a sense of fully tar at the glute. You might find that you don't belly, can't come all the way at the floor. Just slightly below your knee. As soon as you come further down, if you think it ham-shakes cooking in, or you're going to just below the knee. So this ham-shakes formness slightly definitely for me. If she's at the way eyes do it, she gets too much ham-contracting because she's very ham-dominant. So by using it this way, very, very small range of movement. She's not controlled with the ham-shakes or the glute. Also, she's going to go into the soup set with the buns. So I'm not using it at a minute. Right! And now, just when the bun is that easy doing so. The buns look not anything in the face, that's nice. We do them all partial laps here again, keeping constant tension on the glute area. We're going to put the legs on top of the glute to the upper glute. to the upper glute. Masong like. I feel the same as me very well. Ah. I suppose that male choice is. So, Masong. Checking in Masong. I suppose that male choice. Well, I have protein shape for this workout. And now we have a scrambled egg. Some salmon. And the slices are bread. This is milk 3. And not probably the egg. It may have burgers like that. About the standard day prior to which I would know I've got nobody can be in. It's just, I can't say I'll just get everything set up. We'll be there for registration. I'd be at that. Very good. I'm going in. Yeah. Chaos. So, we are here. Here's a page ready for tomorrow's event. The condition coach came in the class. All the guys now have turned up for registration. As you can see, my speedy crowd. I measured myself. I've dropped. It sends me to again. It's night. Every time. I don't do the way. But I am now just under one five nine centimeters. Last time I was 160. I was going to get a smaller one. I'm going to get a smaller one. It's going to be a busy one. So, it's already looking pretty stark. So, it's going to be a good day. So, we're going to catch up with everybody. See you in a bit. So, this is Charlotte. Hey. So, she is now registered. She is tired. She is ready for tomorrow. This is also the lead up to the profile and two weeks time. Your first vision on Halloween? She is. And my first team was. Because I've only ever done. And we see it in the same. He's in the same state. Yes. So, MPCA, but in the UK. There's two birds. That's what we are today. So, everyone is going to call. I have a bit of a stressful day today. But we are going to calm down tonight. Trying to let stress be. Take a bit of a physical situation. We are going to be out badly. The 40th of a month. We don't want that. But Charlotte is going to go home and have some Zen time. It will be very nice. So, we will be a lot of sleep. Yes. It's a good night sleep. It's not a good night sleep. So, it's just like the one. Yeah.