Real bad. No, it's not. But you hear what I'm saying. Day two in the Big Burma House. It is Friday. Two days prior to showday. Harry is walking up just 1.3 kilos heavier today. After 1600 grams of carbs, ten plus litres of water yesterday. Dry, fuller. Then yesterday's low, which is good start for us. Yesterday was almost like the front load of the back load. Just said yesterday. Just get what we can in showing the GI is clear and good and everything feels good. But in every position today, where he's hungry again for food and I can keep pushing hard because the hurry needs that. This was because he's not the biggest of guys, but aesthetically he's got such a pleasing shape with nice lines, conditions crazy. If we can bring that fullness with that, it's a very good package. He is just wanted off through the get-o to find a shop to get some more rice in my bar. Hopefully he makes it back. Just play her through checking the moment. It's 9 o'clock just gone in the morning, been up since 4 jalanx. Fucker. We're going to get one more meal in Harry before them in Powerhouse gym. Powerhouse gym, yes, it was crazy. I can't express if it ever in America around Detroit, get to the original. There's like three or four here in Detroit. But the original one, we went crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy. So excited to go about that. Push that shen for Harry. He's very strong from the rear. So we pushed through poor yesterday and then we're going to do push today and just try and hold some volume in that up a top line shelf for his. And just see where the look is. So we're just going to plant meal by meal. But two meals deep now, we'll see where we are. Post, work out and then I'll plant the next couple of meals for that. And then it's just a matter of just chilling, posing, chilling, posing, assessing and making the changes where needed. So very excited for that. And we'll catch a little bit. They too, the powerhouse gym we're here. What is probably one of the best gyms. I've trained up, push for Harry, his last workout. So I'm going to move some blood around. Put the 600 grams of carbs that you had yesterday and approximately 600 that you had this morning. Just to good you start moving it around, moving it to where it needs to be. See where we are, post, work out and then assess. Plum the next, one or two meals, post, work out. See where we are from there. See the look. It's looking a bit crazy this morning. It's dry and harder for that. And again, it's going to look a little bit different here in the natural light. When we wake up, it's like four, five o'clock in the morning pitch black. In the darkest place that we're living. So we'll have a look in a bit. See where it is. And we'll give them an eye on some type, mind is mumbling. Just working our way through that was fast. Just to get a blood moving, get a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a freeze of joint. Harry, once you're trying to maximize all the fullness in his chest and in the end of the workout, just so we can see how that translates when we take a look. That was fast. Quite a bit of volume free chest. And then it's just a little, maybe one or two exercises on try to set your stuff to fill them up and then have a look. It's good. Frick it all in there today. Yeah, he's just cranking around. And then you go there so weasc nh Anth a little bit. Let's just do it like a little bit more now. Here we go. Ah, but you see the fact that we have a clothe, but a clothe. you Let me go outside. Nak problema Yeah, Holy Just a little bit more. Give me a clap. Okay. Nice. Nice mate. Much better today. Try those knees out just a little bit. That's it. Good bro. A hamstring belly as well. Furnace in it. Nice. Back a little bit lean back. I'll sit perfect. Sick bro. It's nasty. I'm going to go to the next one. Just done four five rounds of Harry. And the lip is coming alive, coming alive. Really happy with where we are. It's going to be a plan. Don't need to worry. Don't need to panic. Just carry on loading as we are. Keep getting the water in as we are. Everything's falling into place quite comfortably. It's just about just time. It's just taking me a while. I'm here to see where we are. The minute everything is going to plan. So I'm going to go back. Harry's going to eat probably a box of cereal. And I'm going to chill. I'm jet lagged off. It's pretty much the end of the day now. Harry is just going through some rounds. The light in here is horrendous. You're going to get loads in the bathroom. So we're just running through some rounds now to see how everything pops through. and through some rounds now to see how everything pulled through. We'll walk into in a backfree and take a look at the light and just see where we are. Drivers, they were so good. That's it, that's it, perfect. And from that, it's just making the shooting on a couple of things before we go bed with the direction we go with things. So it's looking very positive right now. Considering we're pretty much two full days alone in touch and pretty much. 15, 16,000 calories, well over 3,000 grams of carbs. It's a full midsection which is to be explained at this point. You know, it's not an issue because tomorrow we're going to back off a little bit, clear some GIS base. Dry out even more so just the volume of calories. It's what we're doing. That's for the amount of water, water, water to stick to the body essentially, will be less. So it's an input in there. It's going to be a lot easier. But you're seeing it's physique is a lot full of now. Just good. The response is there. I can see and it's going to give it a live originally, you're caught. It's a very positive place to get right now. So one more meal to go in. Cream and rice, one of Paris' favorites. Yeah. I don't feel right. Two fabulous probably what we'll have just showed you more. It's an only show in the nine o'clock shown. The world will be five, five six o'clock. Get in here then. And then just let it set up in clear for stage. And then finals are not so seven o'clock in the seven p.m. in the universe. It's a long period of time which will manage throughout the day. So let's be sweet then but for now, all my rough harrys looking at Mira and then the Saturday. Good morning. Day three in Detroit. And Harry has woken up in a very very good position. Harry is currently shaving himself. The frosty warm blade. It's where the spillage should sponsor bodybuilders. I think everybody nowadays literally uses a warm blade. It is a god scent. I think I've tasked him to shave his back. But we've woken up on the money today. Just what like couldn't have asked for a bad position because we consumed a lot of food in two days. When you're a bodybuilder, you always have that sort of feeling that you want that flat stomach. You want the few empty and with the amount of food that we put in. Right. The only thing that was thrown today would be woken up a little bit moment but we are four out of the paint page through the stomach. Where two kilos up from yesterday's weight was a very good indication to withdraw and we can see that two kilos in full nurse which is perfect. And it's going to stick. Today is about pulling back the volume. Okay both with food and fluid. Keeping sodium levels high. Just allowing the geodic clear of such. The bodies follow glycogen, you know, glycogen isn't simply like that. So you have to position where you respect that. You know, Harry's not going to be doing a lot of movement today. Yes, he's done a lot of steps. So that with the 2K game there's a very good bonus. Today is a matter of just sitting still with your mother or chill in because I go get his beer trim, head shaved and that is it. We've got registration at three. No sorry. First time. First time at three. It's the one and a half certain. The second one and a half seven which is around about half weeks' meat time. Both days are a big good day. We're catching a bit. That's the other leaves. So this is the game that's coming. I've seen that 5, I've been searching on the walking bit. This last thing I've been wondering about like... Now a film that herself, I've been looking at beer yikes, the Donna's fashion that if I could attend the Muscoor dog, maybe it was not that difficult, but it wasn't as difficult but we had to accept any help. So it was worth any deal. Yeah, we have been there for a long time. Even if we could be because we were in the�, we were so close to an actual place, then we were scared. It was not something that could happen to the grand end. But obviously, this is a certain number of people that we've asked for, and it's quite a lot of people. You didn't have to worry about seeing this. It was often. It was just one. It was just one. It was just one. Yeah. Okay. It's coming. Nice. Nice. Nice. It's a bit flat. Yeah. That's impressive. There you go. Hey guys, we are here at the Double Tree. Okay, this is the post-to-thout where Hammond's being held. After he's been held, the venue isn't too far from here. Harry's just having his first coat done. He was white as me, if not white. So he'll make sure they're doing that very good. That really was just a top coat done. Essentially, it's just a matter of just weighing around down until later on he's got another top-up of his base. 7.5 I think, which is possibly about the time man after he's met. So, right so I'm going to say, we're already literally at 15 minutes walk from here. So, some of his outs, that's being able to walk and not get a few wet things that are treated as good. I'm just doing some work for all sorts of Harry, hungry, tired, and he's just eating some food. He's just eating some meat. So, he's getting, Harry's looking at the developing throughout the day, which is good because he's got four of what he's got. He'll be on the stage nine o'clock tomorrow morning. He'll be getting dry, holding for almost most of the day. He's good. Everything's going to be on the ground, so I think it's a little bit more. When you're quiet. Ah, it's broke. I'm very happy I just announced it on. What a good place. That's why I can get a class. It's fine. Yeah, I'll just go ahead and do that. No, listen, we expect that really good turnout. Thank you guys for coming. We've done our best to make it special for you guys. Obviously, the reason is the prize money. I'm not sure if you guys saw it. We have the best pose or award. Most muscular award and a most shredded award. So, hopefully somebody can win something. We have something for everybody. We were really good venue. We were really good team backstage. So, help you guys out. I won't be long. You guys have all been here before. I just want to say thank you from all of us. We've been in Paul. Recoming means a lot to have the first Detroit show and have you guys show up and make it exciting. So, I appreciate you guys coming. Paul is ready. He tells you on touch on. You know, really just show time tomorrow. We anticipate pros going on stage. We'll type around 11. So try to get to for 9. 3 more. Evening. We're anticipating about a 7. We're roughly 15. So, what we want to do is show starts at 9. We're going to run the men's NPC classes first. By the time they get rolling in the show is going to be 9.15 9.30. We figured they'll be able to be able to now. So, we're hoping to do the intermission around 10.30. After an admission, you guys will come up. So, you guys will be on. Hopefully, we're going to try to set it for 11. So, that you guys know exactly when you're going on. And then at night, same thing, the show starts at 5. By the time it gets rolling, it might be 5.30. An hour on stage. Intermission. Then hopefully, you guys will be on it. 7 o'clock. So, you guys have pretty set time. So, if the show is running in an odd way, we'll just stop it. So, you guys know you're on it. 11 and 7, and that's going to be your time. So, try to make sure you're here and tan to glaze. And all that good stuff. Okay. I don't really have much else to say. Ben, all. We'll leave it to Tyler then. But my disguise is only 60. So, be ready to pose a lot. We'll be giving home a show. So, I'll pose you guys probably a couple of times through. Make sure you guys are good. We'll probably do one last. One last pose down to just to get the crowd some energy and some stuff. So, that's it. Good luck with the four to see how you guys do tomorrow. Okay, guys. Thank you very much for coming. Any questions? Just a grab or what to call them? Or yeah. I'm going to try to do try. But it's a happy celebration. Um, after he's meet the second base coat, Um, Baragas. Orders. Uber, or they're heading back to the house. And we're going to chill tonight. Just had another very quick look at Harry. Um, but, yes. We'll get crazy and crazy by literally the every ten minutes and seem changing. And it's really, really good. It's really good. It's really good. So, we need to manipulate. Um, we're going to fill out quite a heavy and last meal. And now we're going to be over for, we're going to be nine o'clock. Um, we're now going to be on another level of clock, which potentially will be even better for us. All our that geitically, if fully from the heavy meal that we're going to have tonight. And then literally just top up. First of all, we want to remember good for here as we can on a way. Sure. We're going to come back and help you with Baragas. So, Baragas, huh? Harry's in a fantastic position. Harry's hungry. Harry would eat this more. More. Even more. Thanks for. Yep. Um, just to bowl in my food. I think it's getting, it's going to help them then. Just because we've taken back got a little bit today. Just after the, three thousand two hundred grand a car, we put in. We're going to have a thousand, what we did today. Um, this will then carry through nice seats tomorrow. It's a transphastosolium. Yeah, it's going to be a good, a good, a carries control. Feeling good in it. Going great, right, man. Yeah. And this is just going to look even better. Hahaha. Yeah, it's just going to be a very, very good. Yeah, it's very, very good. It's nothing wasted. Yeah. It is just gone six a.m. Uh, myself and Harry have been up since about half four. Um, just getting me a one down. Harry's book, Troy is a bone. Um, we've made well last last night. It's sat and mackily on the stomach for him. Um, no issues. My bowel movements, perfect. Place to be in right now. Best local ever seen him ever. Um, just in the, in the bathroom mirror, as you can see, we're in darkness. We have literally no, like, no lighting in this place, part of the kitchen in the bathroom. Um, but it's all gone to plan just a, um, the sort of, you know, we are touching for me or one, which will be the only me that we touch in very hundred calories, 200 pounds of carbs, that we've understood. And it's, it's foury plus proving, but all the traits proving pretty much just there. Because that very small scybos I slept to me makes him an a call. Um, she's got a couple of pot types. Um, there's been it, the American stuff. But it's freezing, you've done all through this load. The load is now totaled. I think that's what's on me, I remember. A load has totaled with this meal over, uh, was it 28,000? How are you? 20. Yeah, it's probably over 28,000 calories. Um, with such in, uh, or nearly four and a half, a thousand, a thousand, a thousand, four thousand, five hundred, yeah, four thousand, five hundred, yeah. Four thousand, five hundred grams of carbs. Um, it's incredible just to see it, and think well, the hell has that gone, you know. Um, dropped three kilos over night. And that was from, well, 10 p.m. to, like, five a.m. So, it's a good side thing to move forward. Um, I'm laughing. I'm tired. Still, um, I think that catches up with just about as time we get back to the UK. And then we have to read just again. Um, but all is geared. Um, just with the fly free some check-ins. Um, then, time is at, uh, or probably, time, hurry. Uh, what do you, eh? Good, wait. So, I have to do the venue. And then just chill there. Show time is 11, which is even better. We thought it was 9, but it's 11, show starts at 9. Uh, so I said that, then the metal holder, I want you to show the rolling, they're going to literally pull it, and then the pros will be on bail on 11, which is good to know. So, we can time everything perfectly. This is going to sit nicely. Um, we won't really need to do a lot from here. Yeah, and this game time, we'll see we'll catch it out. Let's go in the way. This is a money shop. Then we'll see the engremly thing to do with yours. You've got... Yeah, but that's all we offer now. Yeah, but that's all. Yeah, I got some bonus spots. That feels full ofiously kind of lonely but it doesn't hit me. Oh, that's what it's called. Oh, that's what it's called. Back at the hotel, Harry is getting his final coat of his top coat then. Luckily, we spoke the vent because we were on our way to the venue. The venue, they're actually still doing the tanniff here at the hotel. So we're here quickly. Just had a quick look at Harry after he's had his tan. Sure, he's good. Then he had to the venue. And then she just lay him horizontal because everything now We've done just a mile of this waiting time. It's of a nice sense. But very excited. It's not a big show. I'm sorry, six guys in it. Two, six are very good guys. So it's going to be interesting to see. How things go. It's going to be a great production. The stage is amazing. Black by a truck. Great lighting. And Filespot on three extra awards. So he's got the most muscular most shredded and best pose there. So we're coming for that most shredded one. We're catching up. So we're going to do this one. That's it. Got me. Got me. On. Literally, we need now the good shot, those of us. We'll probably do like 500 mil. So put the prep on him several minutes. Get that in. It's been like 10, 15 minutes window. So we're running. You have it. Yeah, I'm happy about that man. I just had to put it on. Yeah. We're in that. Yeah. Yeah. We're going to be on the road. We should have been on that road. We're going to be on the road. We're going to be on the road. Yeah. How? Yes. Can you show these gentlemen where dressing room A is? Yes. Three whole things are there. For a post? Yeah. Yeah. I'm one of these. I'm so here. That one's coming. Yeah. That money. I'm going to see. Okay. Ready? Yeah. Yeah. We just gave it on the road. Yeah. Start. Good morning. Especially guest. Thank you. Thank you. We're going to finish this on. Good morning. I'm going to be on the road. I'll be right back. I'll be back. I'll be back. You can just finish the. It's just finished. We're going to finish this. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We'll be back. One, two, three. I'll just stop that. How? How long did you put it just on? I was a bit blunt to put in. It was an hour and a half. That's right. That's right. Good morning. The taxes can be perfect. We paid like 6. All right. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. Good. Good. One, seventy, one, seventy, one, switch, please. One, seventy, and one, seventy, three, switch, please. Let's go, boy. Guys, spread out a little. Come on. Take it. We can't throw. Let's go. The coordinates are here, right? Rook, draw. Oh, where are you going? According to the right. Oh. Good. Hold it, turn to the right. Close, running. Face, run. Good, run, run, hold the glutes. Back, couple by, sir. Go, pardon me. Back, last breath. One, one, two, three, switch, please. One, one, two, three, switch, please. There you go. So, in tradition, we're eating more burgers. Haraj is just going to stage from pre-judging the absolute incredible. I don't think the peak had gone any better. It was good to see it in the light. On that stage, probably the best way I've ever seen a bodybuilding show. I've been to a lot of other videos. It's a fair play to follow. I've put one out of a show on yourself. This is just a top hurry up. Final is going to be, set on time now. Number six of our followers, the final. Big influx of food now. We know this works really well for Haraj. It's not just not everyone has this. We just know that it works. Get it in, enjoy it. Go back to the apartment and just chill. Let it do it with some magic. And then, get a bit of fluid in. Go for that. Hey guys, we're back. We're back at the venue. Haraj is just getting his hand touched up. We are half an hour from stage. Haraj is well rested. I've got a good amount of food in. He's a little bit sharper. Just trying to bring his best again. Holding that look. We had. We've had a good seven hours to hold it. So all on point, very, very happy. Just about enjoying this now. It's going to be a fantastic production. It's exciting to see good athletes on stage. But I'm going to now give you a more in vocalic intense. It's very good to be wearing clothes or things. I think the luck at the finals when he's guys is going to decide who's going to win it. So we'll see. Back a little by seven. Back, last breath. Side try set. Up dov风 dibe. Your favourب was muscular. And we've won Scali115 Arcudsman deserved this wheal. All of the venue on step-out. So, some very close friends of ours passed in the last few years. We have a separate million John Meadows and Luke Sandow. And we want you to be fitting that our first show together, we honor them in their memory and I think it's something we're going to continue to do before just to always have them in our thoughts. So, we have three prizes. We have most shredded, most muscular and best-full. One, 75, Justin Luis Rodriguez. In third place, the spring at two, number 173, Ronald Gordon. Let's bring that to Vitali Goodby-Jell. That is Job done in Detroit. Harry, unfortunately they're made to five. Condition, fullness was all there. We knew the school going into this. It's just a matter of attitude to his very pleas and frame. When that happens, it's going to be something to watch out for. It's just time, you know, it's just time spent in the gym. Time spent out away from the state. But we have more show left in us. So, that'll be in the York. That'll be probably in a few YouTube's time.