Yes guys, episode one of this year's YouTube vlog. Okay so we've never done this before but what we want to do this year is try and capture every single show. Show you guys a little bit of an insight at what we're doing. Okay today we are a day out from the first regional and two-row show. Okay we've got four guys. We've got two millioners. It was just nailed about 200 grams of carbs. Jim, see the overweight, Ryan Mackin, see the overweight and I got a classic guy Joe, who's 500 grams under his weight cap with three hours to go. So we're just holding him in there when we're really currently just under the cup like heavies. But everybody is on point they're looking like spa. So it's just my way of just getting to registration, getting the tanned and assessing that look and then putting together the final meals for a day for the guys. I've got my teeth in there. The teeth in. I've been trying to carve up with like 1500 grams of carbs with no front teeth. Yeah, you guess? Yes. So we are here back at Braewake. We're seeing the start. Guys have just gone into get tanned. Everybody is looking good. Registration is going to be in. We are looking. So our our so registration is going to start. Joe, my classic guy is 99.9 with his clothes on. He's got to be 99.8. Jordan is the same. He's on the cuff of like everyone heavy weight. We want to go into like heavy. So we're just making sure that food is not going in at the moment. Just so we can stay in to the same that like heavy category. It's going to be good. So kind of like the series guys after their tanned and then go from there. So Joe is classy classic. We're just going to find out what it's height is. So it's a much as weight. I'm just making sure he's under the cap. If you should be. We were sitting just at the cap we closed on. So by now we should be well in there. Once we get the green light we can then fill the rig. That the fun begins. Yeah. We're going to. Let's go. Joe is in. Let's go. Everybody has registered. Joe made weight. Easy gym weight in a hundred and twenty-two kilos. Ryan weight in a 120. Jordan just made light heavies. But yeah everybody's good to go. We go back. We're pretty screwed up. And then plumb the rest of the light into the morning. It's game time. Yeah guys it's showday. Okay. Time has come. First showday season. Everybody is on point. Everybody's had the second coat of tanned. Jordan is now sucking into some more. We're going to go in. Okay. It's seen everybody this morning. I think that any sleep. Late night just makes your elbows good. I've got five of the hot spot in. First check in with everybody. And then just going to feel like food. So the sodium. Just put everybody in a nice prime position. Where they go into the show. So it's just literally plain sailing from here. It's a good time. Yes. So, what have you been doing? I'm to class it now with one more guide Jo. And then we can go in. Job done. So, first show the season finish. We have now seen everybody. Jo's just come on stage. There it in. Class D for class it. The best package we've brought together. So it's exciting to see what we can do from here. You're going to have a conversation tomorrow. Depending on where we do is you get into each time. That's it for today. See you next time. Thank you.