So we have made it 7 hours in my road, we are here at the Edgera Arena in Wigan. Registration has just started, we've made it by the skin of our teeth to see everybody. There's a lot of guys competing. That excited to see everybody meet everybody. It can be a really good show just in their actual stage, looking really good. Absolutely hyped, so it's going to be a good day.centric should be a good season in fö from BisonZ up. Swatich spot. The wives are so close in with the comments. Yeah. Okay, we're able to swit. Is that okay? Who did it? Yeah, feeling the post? Yeah, feeling the traction there. There's a little bit of a lot of animals. Yeah, maybe it was, if you see it that other was. Thank you for inviting me. Let's go and see the local below. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hey. I'm gonna go. Yeah. I'm gonna go. I'm gonna go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. I'm gonna go, go like this. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Yeah. Go. Some of us are going to be easy. Oh, I can't remember that. Oh, I can't remember that. Oh, I can't remember that. Oh, I can't remember that. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. I can't remember that. Oh, I can't remember that. Yes guys, we are here at the strength of fitness lab in Wigan, what fantastic gym? Really good guys, really good lighting, really good fitness. I am broken, I have my shoulder last night, so I have kind of trained with my heart so I am going to be going to back the equilibrium and it is not so many insane. I do this at a manor, however, training, and it is a pretty big success. Even now we have got an hour and a quarter now this session before a shot. It is going to hold that workout with a little bit of back, soft up for a manor. You can be throwing a little bit of back for me, this is well. A lot of good lowly stuff here today, so in this gym we must have a good one. What we are doing is spending the most of your maxi, are quick and quite easily. We have to make it difficult to pull the whole move. Only into muscle rounds, rest force set, and even though that is really maximized the alpha, just get what we need to get done. We are going to do a workout, and we are doing a good workout. We are going to do a good workout, and we are going to do a good workout. We have recently changed the disease, trained with split, and that is always pretty much to a pro-smit. I like the sub-roads of me out the gym for repressment, but how much of this can see these deep in the front, and then we have been in a position because we got multiple shows running in. We can try and go in, raise the weight, and multiple muscle breach in session. We can get in, train them as soon as we get out. We have got a lot of work in the LC today, and we are going to say a rotation training split, basically working on whits and thickness in its back, upper left, arms swing white glutes, and this one we are really, really well. We are currently sitting at a 100-footed kilo, that week is out, and we are very, very good. This last day of the week, we are going to want to make one at 7, so we are going to bring something completely different this summer hours, work on the weaker areas, really cool in the month, but really excited to see all we can see when it comes to sunburn at the same week. So recently our team watched my respect, recently I was doing free level at 2 up at, and you also didn't know I am going to throw that in my belly for a bit, work time to get used to doing that on. Now, if my opponents were about to go a little bit, I would like to wrap my eyes in today's split, every 3 push forward nights, and so each mother root in the equal miles, little whack throughout the week, out of the middle of that piece. Is that any favourite nation? I am going to say a few minutes, my favourite bit of watching like, bodybuilding reviews when I was a kid, was watching them shoot, who's shopping? What you can do is watch a J-Cut and watch Render Super. So now we are going to watch, look at this, pick up this food, the next couple of days. The plan is 10 weeks out, the in over 7,000 calories, 1,000 grams of carbs. This is steak. I'm only going to cook 101 meal prep, rats, rice, turkey, turkey, turkey, sticking around here on the ground, go to the food. I found food I'm not allowed, I never come to fucking ask them what I'm on, pack them out. No, I bought these. Put it in a hungry oven. You want? Can I watch a eat them? Yeah. See, balls are cooked. All right, give me a meal, hey, that's a minute, make it. Yeah, I feel it. Yeah, I feel it. Cheeks are stuck in it. What goes, freer you? That's right. Feel it good, feel it just in there. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And stop working, I don't know, I'm sorry, I'm gonna take it off. Put it in the place. Put it in the place. Put it in the place. Put it in the place. Put it in the place. Put it in the place. Yeah, that's it. Put it back. It's a bad one, bro. Why do you crack in so much? You go up and go up and go up. So we're going up, go up on your cat, up and then sink into your glutes and hamstrings. So we're going up and go up and go up and go on the cat, relax and then relax your glutes. Okay. Then go up on the tiptoes. Okay. Then sit into your glutes and hamstrings. Really hard. No, no, no. We're going to see you on the floor. Oh, that's a lot of your hooks. Up and then like almost drive your hamstrings into the floor. And the drops. No, no, you're not doing it. You're not doing it. You're not doing it there. Right? We're going to do this. Go up. Take it right here. And then we sit into the hamstrings. Like an ordinary. Like a walk. Normally it's in the lower floor. I don't confuse you. You want it? That one's up. Not relax. Just plant it here a little more. Squeeze it, move to him. Like then I have to show you how that. Yeah, I always let it up. You don't want to go. You don't want to go. Just go away. Yeah. It's the after I've got a few more vegetables. Like 20 minutes for any minutes after I've got my stomach to go. And then I'll be happy. You'll probably be on the other side. I'm going to go in the vegetables. Do you know how many? Yeah. Oh, don't ever root. I don't know if it's different for you. Make them home mid. Don't be like my fat frio. No, okay. Like yeah, I'll get my barbecue chips with them on that. Yeah. Get a wedge with barbecue chips. Well, the actual challenge is that actual veggies. No, that chips. Great. Just going to find out if they tell me I'm a calorie. I'm not. Do you have a single whole pack? I just need to warm. Okay, that's it. Yeah. I'll give you a bit of water. Just a filly. Awesome. Awesome. You need to. Does that mean I don't need? Does that mean I don't need? Does that mean I don't need my cement tonight? Yeah, I've just said that in the morning. I'll never know if it's coming twice. That's my sugar, my mouth. I'll give you water. Go ahead and stick on. I'm like the coach. Give me any water. I'm just going to give my bag. It's probably going to take a guess. Yes, and you're one. Maybe with one. Then it's a little bit of a bit of a bit. Yeah, but just be fine. We're all about how you need to have a firebuck to your sugar market. That sounds like a gastrointour. Drunking to be, or in a, I can even give you, so you can make it yourself. You're just going to be working. It's up to yourself. Well, I'm working. One mile away. Okay. And a cloth. Yeah. And you want to get some sleep for me. So, what do you're burying? Okay. I'll tell you what they got. Oh, God. Just see if there's any smash burges around here. Like, see some burges. Yeah. With three lots of fries. Free lots of large fries. Two large breads. So, of course. If you want to risk having a double out of that trap, put it in. Okay. If you want to. Yeah. Well, like, we'll work for a little cheese. That'd be it. We'll see. She's set you off. I'm trying to make sure that that's true. Maybe. Maybe. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just cheese burick or in a bun. I'm at two parties. Cheese bun. Take all the onions and make some of my thought work. Three large fries. Okay. With that rate. With what I don't know if they're going on. Yeah. I don't know if they're going on.