Yes guys, we are back in the UK so F-Sode number 7, I think it is. Don't call me on that. Just sort of say, I'm massive welcome to Matt. Matt's no joined us, part of the finishing coaches. He's our new physique coach. He's going to be looking after guys who want to get in really good shape. Guys want to be focusing perhaps first time as competitors. Not as much of you would as all the way up to advanced, mayors for you, Matt was okay so we're really looking forward to seeing what we can achieve on the team. I'll be next 12 18 months. Okay. Today Matt's got a client Tom doing classic because he I've got four guys peeking over the weekend about two guys that I've got link to the day during two rows. We've got Oli in Wales doing the IVFA tomorrow. Got that student PCA and Dennis doing the BNBF as he did. He's busy weekend. You've just other look at Tom and Tom and Craig's longs in. He came off the bag of different FedEx to make school one the show. Classic was it so it wasn't really a show plan but before he looked good so it was just planned and he showed them and he had a company with him. The means show is obviously true offline, true affiliate profile fair. He's going for a reason of the day just a qualifier for the trophy everybody who can see him. We're actually going to do PCA tomorrow as well. He's always waiting home and Craig's he but it's always waiting home so about one. I'll pick qualified by and how you do it. He's a crazy done three day car but what a probably about more cars in the day just to just a table where he's looking and see him and say that I'm dry. We coat show it. he's lying sometimes, of course huh this is lunch double Yeah, it's on us. It's a little bit more full than something just before. Yeah, yeah, it's more. It's really much bigger drier than us. Yeah. Hard, hard, hard. Ah, not, not. Next bit. You have to do that straight away. Yeah. Exactly, again. You can see it next. Don't go out too much for me, still. I'm going to go upstairs. See you, see you. Hard, hard, hard. Yes. Yeah, I'm just screaming at you, too. Hard, really hard. That's what you think. Yeah, yeah. That's better. Much better. Yeah. Foss out elbows. It means you got lift your elbows up. Not the lower. Yeah. All right. Do you feel the connection? Feel it more. Yeah. Reset again on the front. Hard on the outside, hard, hard, hard, hard, hard, hard, hard, hard, hard. Yes. Nice. Nice. That's what you're doing, isn't it? Yes. Good. Hard, hard, hard, hard, hard. Do you want me to go to the next stage? Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. So, today we're here at Brewer. And it is the Ampified Nutrition Regional Qualifier sponsored by Jake Watts. Great guy. It's been a great show today, so I'm looking forward to seeing that. See you in the athletes. It is the last qualifier for the trophy. So it's going to be a good one. Luke, it's looking very, very good. We caught hard overnight to really bring through a really condition that today. I'm just not just about hot running it going for the show. Maths fly on the pump. It's looking phenomenal as well. It isn't doing really well in class of class B. It's going to be a good lineup. There's a lot of class of eyes doing it today. So it's so end and buzzer to get the show ready. So I'm just looking forward to it. Good bye. Good bye. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. See you in the next one. Good bye. Good bye. Good bye. This is just you. Right? Good bye. Good bye. Good bye. Good bye. This is just you. This is just you. right call it that you right call it that you right call it that you right call it that you right USB Щ6 enabled? 760 Trinity Normal ISO Relax, side chest. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, side chest. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, side-pull-bites hips. Side-pull-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips. Relax, back double-bites hips.