Yes guys, welcome back to the YouTube, it's been a while, we're here in sunny I think it's an Alicante with Antoine and he is making his open pro debut Antoine as an amateur can be as a bodybuilder, he transitioned into the pro league as a classic physique he's been to the Olympia. The struggle to make the week was getting a lot harder each time around and we had a discussion and we first got together and the plan was to go straight to open capitalise on what we could in regards to the growth time period that we had and then almost utilised the prep effectively to hold on to everything that we built to not sacrifice anything just to make a wake-up which is worked out well because we're currently sitting just around we're hover around about 10 kilos of buffers but it's classic capital which is going to be a good luck. It's been a good prep, it's gone very smooth, it's a lot different to preview. It's a good approach, it's been designed for the fact from a muscle retention and hold on to the electrician that we built. Going into this show it wasn't planned we did have poor school mapped out in a few weeks time but we had a conversation when I was in Spain a couple of weeks ago that maybe we can jump in you know it's it's I think you done this as well previously as well when you've ever been to the A for a Portugal show and ended up doing the M for a show and it's pretty much replicated at this time around you know so with confident the position when we had that conversation was good and it's like good let's make a couple of changes if we see the response that we want to see at that point over the next two three four days and I said to you by the weekend we'll make a decision and that was last weekend and yeah everything was there and then we've set a game plan registered and here we are so really happy and the bodies just wanted really well this week we actually hit a little yesterday after a day of travel at 5,000 on a train woke up like peel but the bleed it right where we want to be you know at that point and yesterday was a bit of a buffer day so we've been here from yesterday and because of the how far and from was depleted there was no point just holding there or just try to chase even more conditions there when you're going into a load of snow around and we'll need decent amount of food just to bring some fullness back to his Zig we've sort of done a bit of a buffer in day we've put in about 650 that we put in yesterday, 650, 650 grams of carbs just to pretty much hold we put in a small amount of fullness back in he's actually drier today than he was yesterday and it almost gives up that stomach a little bit of a warm-up a wake-up cool that you're actually going to be loaded with a shit ton of food since 650 yes it was the buffer day minimal weight gain 0.5 kilo with a drier look put 2.2 point points he's I put 2 of a kilo up and we've meant like minimal fullness but a drier with drier look at the day we got 1200 going in and that may adjust as we go through the day and we get 2 mu's in and train post-waka will have a look if I feel that that's not really touch the sides already it probably it won't I know they won't at that point anyway I feel like the digestion's going well and there's room to potentially push a little bit more today for the day that we can sort of do that because we've still got them Friday Saturday before we land into Sunday that's a big intro yeah excited we will go and train you've had meal 1 we'll have meal 2 and a bit we'll hit the gym a bit of a pool session with these and pose enough for that we'll catch it out yes guys we're here at the famous tightroof fitness gonna put on one through a bit of a pool session nothing crazy here like 88% move some blood around he's started loading we've worked well just over 400 grams of card in two meals so just move that moment moderately the aim of the gain here is not to go crazy super the plet everything we're in a position where we want the body to start filling and be in responsive from the from the moment we've seen the the morning to just have a quick look prior to coming here we can already see a response so it's going to be good move some blood around get a bit of a pump and have a look in the mirror so here we get and again one more keep it in nice and simple busy here today busy we just need to move some blood nothing crazy couple of pool dance couple of rows simple I do one weird out couple of buys just take a set of move the blood and basically just keep in primed ready for the carbs that are going in and tomorrow we'll do the final session which will be a little over up the session the jeel will touch up on all muscle groups just keeping the carbs moving around moving the blood Saturday it's horizontal day yeah no flush feeling fat of flush free from monica hot early in the morning rest of Saturday Saturday's planals a little bit of a back off day so we're going to be ballooning hard today tomorrow Friday he's off a little bit clear joy a few ice-based making sure that he wakes up super feel super full super flat I'm expecting a super flat for the stomach and Okay, I'll go. That's it. Nice. Yep. Yeah, bro. Yep. Yeah, bro. Bad weather. Caught your hair. Well, come on, ape. When I look at you, they're famous. Oh, you never know that. But yeah. up Nice. Back, right. Nice. Back done. It's one rear-down exercise. Come on a vice and have a look at Hans one. It's going to be very good luck on this. It's a good luck on this. I'm excited. I'm going to start pushing. I'm pushing the calories in but it will be a good luck. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. It's a good luck. Hey. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. Back at L Planteo home for the weekend. Jim Dunn, posing done. I'm very, very good. I'm going to see you happy. I'm going to give it a happy. I've got four meals left to get in here. I've got some work to do. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go back to him. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I think it's for process. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I need to do something first. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that. I'm going to go for that.