So welcome to YouTube number two, peak week number two. We have arrived at the Nala Kanteen. This is the part of the week. Yes, there was a long old trip from Canada to UK UK to Nala Kanteen, so do any film and done. The case of go to Mara Kodana, get a food in for the week, train, sleep, and then wake up today. So we are back to go to Titan's gym to do a poor session. I am currently on a very low carbohydrate support water attention off of the peak and that's a case that we are here at Titan. What is on the intro side, there is none of me. Nala Kanteen, rain and a huge egg every time. Anyway, I have a bucket group of poor sessions. We are going to film a little bit of that, some clothes in, obviously a season of that too, and then we bring that massage feathers down around the head. There is onlyishing items that work through three sizes. So we have just finished back and buys. This is the only time my buy sets get a little treat as a peak week. We are now walking to this up in the store to get some cream rice. Let's go out and collect some of the treats. Unfortunately we had to ditch our cream and buy set the app up. So we are very upset by it too because I really like the pros to keep one. Also I need to find a massage from some of my friends to win my back, blame a martin, he was laughing and I looked over and turned it back. We are going back to some card, we are going to second once we have been to this up in the store because I also need to get a little bit of water way off from the flight. It's not that sauce. They actually sound good. We have got mustard flavour, pizza, pizza and everything flavour. Can we get these faster? One? One. Everything flavour. Do any syrup catchups? Sources. And all the treats. Films. Chocolate sauce, caramel sauce. Oh that one looks nice. They will save the let's say. You are good. Is it your yogurt? So which flavour are we going to get? It looks like there is only one. Chocolate monkey. I am pretty sure they had more mangoes on. They have just got chocolate. That is outflakes. That one is cookies. That one is white chocolate. So we got white chocolate, we got cookies. And we got chocolate monkey. Cookie or a can? I am pretty sure they had more than a corner. Is this cream or what? Yes, it is like roast flour. That is the same thing. This is ground onto more of the flour. Banana cake. And we have biscuit. Strawberry. Banana cake sounds good. Another good egg flavour as well. On my goat apple. Brownie. Brownie, what is the flavour? What one will be in the egg? Cheese cake. Cheese cake. That is oat flour. I am going to answer it. This is something to go. I am going to add some milk. Thank you, bro. So it is Friday. We are two days out from Alacanty Show. Lacy. And Katelyn here is behind the camera. I have now turned up to come watch me. Yesterday was pretty. It was pretty. It was pretty. It was pretty. It was pretty. It was pretty. Root and wine shoes are wearing glasses. Making me some. It was similar but I am still very kiddo. A cake would say. How is that going? Iいた out the poorfows. The cake ends up starting Butter at the dark snow but Analyze. We have done it a week and watched it. We going down the ice and the snow and then there will be more. I am not quite down to my baseline way. We thought this was pulled right down my arm. Someone's been flipping my face either. And I think I'm in a pretty good position moving forward. Yeah. It's just about just getting the right margin today, just making sure that the fullness is there because the feedback last week was literally just a bit of a tire free the glutes at hand, but realistically we can't magic that we've sacrificed in there. No, to be fair anyway, my groups and the hands do look tired this week, even though my baseline is up, so I don't raise my weight and go by weight. I put it still holding a bit of water from the fly, so I can feel like a tiny little film on my abs, but to be fair my abs are like really, really tight anyway, so it's not going to issue holding the film there. I've been more issue holding it here for me. Yeah, I've been a deep tissue myself because my backs bad, I've had an injured that blame not mine completely. I was doing a seated row and there's some stupid laugh of some guy and I thought it's been laughing at me, so I looked at him as I was revitted and bletching jolting my back and I got, oh that's bad, I had to stop training, but I managed to push anything in my back and it's fine, it's literally just sending a skin or a spray, luckily I can pose. So that isn't fishy, so that's good. If I can pose I can still fucking walk the walk. And that's what I would do is just a more film and let it all the film me get eat. Yeah, what would be today I just pose as well, I'm just going to have to push the water through. I sit. Right, so the food is going in, we're pretty much reputating the first meal of the last carber, but the nap to that one's on an online thing, how I look by the day today, Rubbing is not doing exactly the same thing because the body can respond completely differently each time. So it's two slash layers of the outer skin and then. And the ones from Canada, the amazing syrup and bronze sugar and the best. So put them in the real of course. Exactly the same. We've got a very good amount of eggs going in, probably down the raisins going in, 20 grams away, and we have got a fresh, pre-recut, muffin again before we go and do a pump session later at tight ends. And that is meal one, we're going to be putting some salt in here as well, a bit of minced sea and expel, which is a natural dressing for this meal. And then that's it, really just some rounds of pose in each time to push in the food rounds and obviously have a get. So I don't like cooking why it's on a bit of the ears, and a lot of people are like volume and cooking them up. I find when I cook them, actually makes most of them at the way. So just put them in the water and let them sit for like 5-10 minutes. And then the side of my raisins and honey, much much prefer it. Even though it's not high volume, I just find it's a little bit dense and sits better in my stomach. So again, it's another soups thing to do with your use and board order to be safe as well. And the different kinds of ingredients, you cannot try to pat water, you know, it's filtered that one. I've had a bit of a dodgy belly can drink in it, so a lot of risk in here. I don't even know how much calories in this, mate. What's this meal? I've been having my hair done. So we're replicating what we've done in, where are we? Twins are big. Twins are big. But we use Jasmine Rice and we had a amount of car from the Jasmine Rice and we had a Kruella. It's really different than this time. It's America Donna Muffins. We're emulating the fats and carbs, but we have a mixture of basmati rice, and more iscapes which do the... Supplement needs, verbin, how will the carbohydrates? It's chocolate muffins, so. I'm a little bit behind them, though, like half one is the milk tea behind the water, so I'm like a ghostly little bit like a big fatty in a gym, man. I'm posing for that, hey, here. Feel what's my heart? I'm just going to be a ghost. I've got my new function. So that is Afreece, Meeting, Done, Oversteer, and ready to roll for some day. Super, super busy show, literally the whole base. It's full of it. It's 180 Afreece, then. It's crazy, so. I'm not sure if I can get some food in. Get a taxi, get back, and then it's burger time. What game? U22 4 hours out from the Alok house at in Pro show? Friesie and Spain, but it doesn't sound like that. I can't enjoy it, it's not going inside, or nobody besides. I've just been the same Monica for a flush-free massage which is great. I've never had that before some compression boots. Just finishing off the rest of my wardrobe for today and getting my last carb meal in a second and then that'll be me for the rest of the day. Tilt legs up, proteins and fats until the show tomorrow. It's Sunday again. So day number two, my intimate breakfast. It is now currently called the pass at five in the morning. We didn't have about this early morning at 7.15 at the venue. So my arms just have a look at me. Give me 110 grams of carbohydrates going in now. If you pick up the hours before my tannies rose, I have another little look to see where we are at. Because I think the show starts at 9. Two categories before me, then me so probably beyond 10. Just have my very good and a little bit water. A little bit of water. And that's it. I started doing my makeup so if I look weird it's got just more problems. That's it. This week I'm doing my makeup. So I will be showing you that in a second and then I'll be making a touch up because the door is sleeping so early to curl my hair. And that is it. I will be doing some filming at the venue. Oh, it's melted. It's a good one. Then I'm going to play with my wife, my upper hand, my aeratians and my mouth about my muscles. Cori turn to the right Cori turn to the right Cori turn to the right Cori turn to the right Cori turn to the right Cori turn to the right 85 and 104 switch please Cori turn to the right Cori turn to the right Cori turn to the right Yes, Amanda Cori turn to the right Get Amanda Good Cori turn to the right Good Amanda Phase front Cori turn to the right Good day, you ready to fly off your right Good day, you ready Cori turn to the right Cori turn to the right Amata Wistner from the United Kingdom Cori turn to the right Cori turn to the right Cori turn to the right Cori turn to the right Cori turn to the right Right I was trying to get my own film when it was a film We are out, we are paid for So I'm going from this to for from creep in Creep in I was going to retire But I'm on a game of feedback trail It was really cool And you've literally said I don't need any more muscle I'm going to get more muscle Leave it more position for my chords And then you say my beat saber from the front is really good When I turn around to the back I don't open my back pose, I need to work on the beat saber from behind And basically that the kick goes together over right So I'm going to kick out So we're coming back to the end of the Alicante trip The last time we filmed was post show I'll see you giving you the results And we went for a buff ice layer The pastry shops And nice stakes and really good foods And downtime with my daughter Kate and Natasha for a day went home Then we came over to here Mother goose is house So Martin's mom and step that We've had a couple of days down time Enjoying some nice food And now it's time to get back on plan Back to business, we're going to get a flight Haven't tonight Get home bottom midnight We are literally back to business for what we're in three and a half weeks So next show we've just changed it It's going to be the last Los Angeles This time it's going to be very close to Martin's birthday My daughter has had a holiday So we're going to tie it in with a nice holiday family trip And I think that will be my last show What is season?