Okay so welcome back to our YouTube channel we are here at our live month final show of the season it's been a really good run so far obviously you're to see in Twain's A and one Masters for fifth in an instructor at a county the following week we're going for an open so we change plans so we're going to Portugal which is free weeks later we've fought with combat for state and do LA for the final show this way it landed really nice the one's birthday so we're having a week out here obviously I can pizza today so far those guys like Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Thursday Thursday heading home and also we're doing a phone up for the little holiday so that's called I don't want to lean up to it we are basically around the same as we were at a county baseline weight as pulled off a little water as hold of the county pastries over the four weeks I'm a little bit higher on the scouts but conditionately it's slightly better you you were able to push a little bit you didn't even use your strongness out with the gym following the Spain which is good like the food's done a good job and rebound in a very short period of time now you can utilize that it was maybe pushing a lot of glycogen through the muscles and it worked and I think that will help with the Z also the service with period of obviously being a deficit for so much longer is naturally your fatal you get faster from me I'm one of those Z's that gets better because I just nearly long the diet and phase to get that harder drive look and that is very individual to so I fix one thing I think to a lot of my clients is where is you can you can peak for a show and be 100% full of that show because your body's in a position where it can only go so far once you've done that show and tick that box and then you're able to move on almost that respite post show allows the body for this field the reset feel a bit redue and it's been hard food it's had rest and then your motivation is high to push forward as well as that drives you and then the body's up and you can eat out an extra one or two percent which then delivers potentially a better look stage it can like must be a mine name because like serious after the cancer again so in key place so those people go I wouldn't pull it back and not lie and I said to myself a few times fuck I'm not going back and I'm going to go back but I'm actually you know that comes up to peak when you can get in better and better than what was at the can see so it is just in the process that you say to your clients all the time and I was to to myself as well trust process but here we are and it's where it's and this hard because now you're at a state's could you've been lean to this long I think of that I actually think my condition is normal now I've been dieting this name number and that's as a give you a good idea as well of how long you can diet for the belt moving the muscle yes you're going to cycle as a little bit tissue now time we're not massively in it to put it's going to be detrimental against your results because obviously I've done the best of them this year despite being dieting this name number and then moving on so I'm not buffing too much about that now we are day two being here we flew over on Wednesday eventually we've martin I nearly didn't make it very very luckily made it so my Esther is collected to my passport everybody knows my passport when it's sort of when I'm watching when the one machine didn't work basically through a couple of customs I've stuck in a couple of airports so I changed my passport but little did I know that you have to change your Esther to go with your passport so no to people change your passport if you change your answer no other than what's up to the airport just about the check-in so I thought you can look at me became really really out of here still be the traffic was horrendous and massive car crash so we've got an hour hour out of four check-in so actually it was really really good because we even hour went into a flight for the Esther before the last check-in time yeah and it got to the last check-in time wasn't that I went through about him hey boom babe I'm going with a girl by myself now I get through to the plane and he's on the plane before me I'm like how the did you get before me so I met came five minutes after he'd baked the lady to be able to do three basically and got a score to probably to the bank which was nice surprise for me because to be fair I was worried but what I do the have ran because he's a man and charge of all the like plans and actions and I have no clue I just fall out of the suit eat the food drink the food drink the food drink the drink seriously do the training and let him plan all the city every holiday we go and anyway it's like a normal holiday or that one good car I had driving to the end to the apartment block it was 24 hours of traveling and total yeah I was holding water from the planes I'll see if it's gonna happen and that's already most people all in the world condition you end no car by j s if it's 11 hour flight like that even a whole water so we know it's a little bit water tension my ankles and feet the veins are gone but by the next day I dropped off back on space line a little bit of manipulation yep and then the food started that was yesterday so keep it survived yesterday he missed all the food action then he's gonna get some crochet we have how much it's gonna get 50 grams 700 grams of carbs just today we're on the same as what we did for at a canty we're kind of repeating it because we know it worked really well and a bit today's a wash off day so two carb mills in then I'll put them back a time is it now we have 11 so basically this is time I am now finishing off my last bit of enjoying some water to it is in and put them back I am one of these people at whole of water so some people can cut this out of it for me I will cut like take what I was out I'm a little bit of each mill obviously but still it's what I've had on stage and still we've pissing like back stage I was like in the line going anything and you hold your phone with the quick pick and the whole phone is yeah so right I know for a while that I'm better than trying to make a little bit out of the end try to put a little bit of water off which was a feedback by the way as well so just touching on that feedback from Tyler himself was a little bit more water off the quads no more tissue and basically from the front up to a really nice X-frame the world turn around I can't open my back up enough to portray that X-ray in the B-faper so I need to go out on that back pose get a water off my quarters two go for that qualification just here and those were two go for that qualification maybe I think oh do you know what I got this I can actually maybe possibly hit a top three in an approach I was never beating myself before so that was cool and that's where we are now trying to manipulate that water off my quotes because that for me is a poor matter area and like how hard I'm like what I do I just hold water in my quotes and you can go too far and then everything's like the voices which is the lovely joy of being able to keep you can control things and knowing your body inside out is somehow basically just replicate what we've done but you know we have a bit of harder yeah a bit harder just so we can have to think and pull through through the clouds and hold the full see what happens basically yeah it is now time for my meal free which is actually my last half meal of the day then it's going to be chicken and nut bar for the foreseeable yes and we'll cut you out registration which is yeah is that weird oh not um not bar and baby not bar and baby but it's not no baby but it's fine is it an onion big or is that gonna be weird or we just put the nut bar with the chicken and rice I mean that was something's the best delicious I don't know try it it's try it on so we're gonna find out if peanut butter and everything bagel which is only legal hmm that's your way we can't wait no it's not but maybe cause onion yeah it's okay Harvie Over here. The steering wheel is gonna automatically operate. . Good afternoon, my name is Ron Sprance from the Vice President of Operations here for most of the time. I'm just interdational. Welcome to the 2020-24. You're on a road to our early approach. We'll give you some of my shows sometimes I have to look at. Welcome to this interview. Good. No John O'Ranke. So this show is actually new in the Petrshada Road to Accusions. One of our judges for the really good one at the time. And sadly she had listed in the coverage in a few years back. And so, you know, we've lost her life. And because of that, and her relationship with the show that we made this show after her. So this show is really an honor to her. And I wish so glad you could all are here. And helping us to, you know, not only be a show here for you guys, but it's lost upon her memory. Okay. Amanda Winston. You know, the cake of all the way through that cake. Welcome. Okay. It's not like I'm looking at my first one. Yeah, that was very you, isn't it? Yeah. Yeah. Come on, Amanda. Do you have to do this? What do you want? Okay. How are you going? You buy either one of these or both. You get this one for three. That's it. Yeah. So that is registration done. 13 girls in Amanda's class. A couple of Olympians. It's going to be an interesting day. She's just looked after this with it. She has a final coffee. She's not going to go with this. So we're going to get her a huge black coffee. Because I didn't go very good. You just see her just dry and out. We're actually through the day. I've got a few of them saved this weekend. So it would be a pretty crazy one. I just picked those up. Guys, you have just registered in a Holland. I'll be over there and I'll be over there. The classic, yeah, two kilos to make with about six hours to go. So I'll pretty much stay there for all the night. About three hours sleep. Making sure that he was on the couch for a very good registration. Which happened, which is fantastic. All the way to show that I'm going to stress out and go back and forth. So that's the Irving's done. He's resting and eating in his room. I've also got a bomb. He's doing a piece of the show in the UK. He's going again after we do it for all the win. We're a little bit heavier this week. Because we've got the opportunity to know about cap on PCA. So it's fantastic for him just to see what he's seeing. Looks like a bit maxed out. And then we have the Vancouver Pro show. We've got to show him figure in that show. She's looking fantastic. So just managing all these together is as well as doing the show. It's as well as doing the normal things they've set up with clients. It's a bit hack-dick but we love it. Making sure the man just okay and chilled. She's at a point now. I actually think she's fast 24-7. She's feeling for the moment. So just like reassurance. I think as well, it was just a keep in there in a good position. On the bomb excited she's done me so proud. She's in the dark in the sense that she's not that much. She's in the dark. She's in the crazy. But now we enjoy. This is a long time. We'll talk about eight nine months. And this will potentially be a lot of the last show. With the season for sure. Maybe her last show ever. We know that could be one more show. It's the right to my answer. See, that's the end. Hi. So, Tan is done. Can you tell? I don't know. She had a more hawk in the. And that was by it. Was a day of her session done, Tan done. We're going to go back to our apartment. Yep. And make it to three. My friend Megan's coming over from Cali. Oh, she's wearing Cali now. Oh, yeah. What's up? South Kansas here. He knows more than me. So she's come to watch show. So I'm going to go back meet her. That her answer is how. And she'll put even an eight peanut butter on the show. Yeah. No for an out. Yeah. I'll see you tomorrow. I'll see you soon. You're sorry. I'm going to kiss and you're trying to kiss. What's up? We're going to kiss. Oh, I see her wearing it. Go. She's dizzy. She'll be alone. I'm just chicken in that boat. So this week. I was looking at pretty much hundreds of me. Around the class today. Across two meals, the rest of will be for a fast chicken. I've had water. I'll be in one group. I just try to make it very, very, very, very, very, very, very special. And then we've back off a little bit, works really well for our 60-folds. and then essentially it's about the size of the food. Look like Jinsa from the tissue she told me. I did mine, I just cut it in every time. I'm going to move in that cellar, I think this is what I'm going to do. And we're here in the final, the Marius of your stage at 11. No, that will probably wake up about, we'll see we have about five or six or five. I'll probably go back to the next. They'll actually know if something is seen as a guide on it, but we'll be careful and make sure we have the right way. We've got, so tomorrow's going to be a long day, because it will be a long day, because it will be a long day when they're on stage. So it's going to be a bit more of a week and a bit of a week. So of course, we think it's more of a year. Yeah, I'm just not very good at it. It's a bit of a year, but it's a bit of a year. So we'll see. I'll see. I'll see. I'll see. Let me show you. Oh, we done? We done? She had a mind. So, it is Shoday. Oh, yeah. The man doing his gas. Just going around the woods and we've just arrived at Casa de Coupes. The hill and whether the show would be in Haud. The man there is the best you've ever done. Not the she feels it, but I feel like she looks there. It's like anybody, maybe in the head. But she's looking really good at it. I'm here. No. I'm always there. What's hard is it? I think it's weird. So, three hours. I was off time at 80. So we just got here and I literally go to the make up. You can watch that, Bob. And go out the time. Then I think moving the hair off the time. Then I take them to curl off the end of the. And we're going to 11. So, 10. 10. We started 9. We're going to 12. Yeah. Come back up. Do the hair. Yeah. So I was going to be at this and then I went to have a death. That was the plan. And then I'm going to get some more scramble. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Right. So we did last time. Yes. Yes. We're going to have a car. No. I think I'm going to go out. Do some right. Because if you didn't. Never put. I thought we were doing it out in later. I think I'm going to go out. Is there a car? Yeah. It's time to eat. I know. This is love. I kind of stand. Peanut butter. But literally making the guy with. Oh. Now coming out. We haven't got spoon. I'm using a coffee star. Try and get peanut butter. Oh. It's like that. I'm going to get a kiss of mango. Which is a peat in this. Back. I'm going to be doing my eyes after I think. Because it was a bit late for my time. I've been up like 40. I don't know how I'm sort of late. For about 5.15. I've made my attention. Oh. It's okay. I'm going to see that. So yeah. Thank you so much. I'm going to touch you. Check your photos. She's all getting up and touch you. And six weeks up. I was so emotional. I was so emotional. I was so bad. I was like 11. Yeah. You'll see the glutes on the squirrel. It's my first one. Then woke up. Team condition count. And the water from the one. And another three. I'm going to argue with our feedback today. She's happy to wait until later. She knows the plant. Plan has broken. She needs me to be tonight and go again. Yeah. Either yes they're going to. Sorry to bother you. akt. Yeah. You gonna go? Good to be. Push. All my effects? It's done. I think there's someone fit in line. Yeah, that's right. Yeah, what's better? There's a seat. I'll see you on the way. I'll just let her hold my bean hurt. Oh, stay. Oh. There's a little guy that's hang on the fix. Good idea. It's been a year, but it's been a long time. Yeah. We've faced a bad approach. What is it called? Awesome. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Go on it goes to say or run? Close by rolled out this big line. You mean to say? Go on cocktail? Yeah. No No wayи sey dou legs cold no machine sprite We're going to be back for the 24th. We're going to be back for the 24th. We're going to be back. Keep it safe. Keep it safe. We're going to be back, babe. We're going to be back. Yes, Amanda. What's up, babe? Yeah, man! What's up, babe? What's up, babe? One of the 10s rich. Yeah, man! Come on! Go back, reset! What? What? Yeah, man! Go back, reset! I've been told the genre of the 21st century. All the way from the UK. Amanda, Amanda, Wissin. I'm going to go back. I'm going to go back. I'm going to go back. I'm going to go back. I'm going to go back. I should have, like, to the ground. One, two, three, speak. Huh? I could ground bread. Yeah, me. Yeah, me. Yeah, man. Yeah, man. I could have turned the ground back. I'm breading me to start a full month. What we get in more meat, yeah. I do move this menu, it's covered in cream. Are we going to get in? I always have a half-pumped apple show, like, or ice. So I thought I could get traditional meat again. But I also wasn't fried, she-she-she-she-she-she-she. I wanted to eat it. Fried from cheese. Yeah, pizza. Yeah, pizza. Are you going to get a cheesecake? Yes. Because of the freshness of the wits. Which one? Actually, I don't know. And the last one I last. I think I have my lunch piece. Yeah. You can see yourself now. You can see yourself. What? Do a book. I don't even have a whole weekend. I don't have a weekend. So, where do you get the cheesecake, Badgey? About cheesecake. I just got the one to go. So I went to the carbonara. Of course. Carbonara. How's that? Cheese and fried cheese. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. You're going to take your bite. You're going to have one. Fucking. Cheese, thank battery. Done. We are literally fine food. And a lot of food. Amanda's sat outside. We're chilled. And so, a little bit at this point in the night. I can't wait to come up with a back end of the two very good results. It's a ronso. And I can't see. I'm coming here. We've cleared extra things to do. Well, Miss Louise will receive you going. Come up with back end of two shows. And then you go to another one. You almost sat expectations to a certain degree. Which sometimes you shouldn't really do. A new judging panel. Awesome. There's our feedback. Amanda's in the first call out. And then just shifted around and just outside of the top call out. So maybe like a six-cent of eight. Again, just very dear friendly to what she used the left one stage. Literally posing for about ten to fifteen minutes in one go. It was very great. So I thought, is what it is. It was also result. And again, you know, you can bring your best package with she bought the lake. And then get the last result of the season. So it was probably good. Basically I was eating too much. But this feel like a dance. I thought fine. And the moment it was good and let's make a ban. I can't move. So that's a good moment to do it all night down. But this is the end of the YouTube. Yeah. The dance did last show. The season done not finishing on the high. Unfortunately, not finishing on the better place in this season. But this year I said I wanted to get top five in one watch out. So I'm actually at that in two shows. Okay. So the first show is not so good. Got some feedback. It's just completely different to what I've had before. But always gives a new experience. And that's what I've got to think. It's a body boy in the evening. I don't know what's going to happen. It's a little bit different. Yeah, it's a hair to hair to hair. It's a stage of weeks. It's what it is. It's something else. What ends up? I need to get a light out from a belly mini house. Thank you for the pass out. I need to get my phone on. Two guys on the column. One's just broken up. So seven to four here. No. I think I will be up all night. So I will be the pass out on cheese cream. I got two guys in all of them. One in UK and some more in Vancouver. Just gonna be up busy 24 hours. I think so. But we'll catch you some time soon.