Yes guys we are back is the last day here at the Dragons Lab before we head up to Reno the South of New. We've got a couple of hours to get session in and then we take off to the airport. Lewis is feeling a lot better than God. It was getting a little bit cut throughout whether he's going to make it or not. You've been really under the weather. Just trying to find that sort of like spark that is anything that was back up. These days we've got a push session lined up, moved some blood around nothing crazy. We're going to hit some good pose in, rounds, really see where we are because we started the load now. So 1500 grabs the car, just going in, putting them good use. So let's go get session in. We're going to get session in. We're going to get session in. We're going to get session in. We're going to get session in. We're going to get session in. That's a good sign. What we're doing at the moment, just literally 60-70% of Lewis is low. It's moving some blood around a couple of doubts. I'm going to try that and we're going to try and let them just try and keep the fullness in there. When we go and pose, it's a good sign of how full Lewis is. When we can see that, hum, it's a good market to see how much. Well, how well the food is going. How well it's holding on its unique. The impression. Let me out to drive what I came back. What you got to know we don't play that. What you got to know we don't play that. I've been laying low, I had to stay back. Can't check me now, you can't check me. You know I've been that boy was born lefty. Crunch times about how you move on your tire. But the careful pun if you're on a fire, because you don't want it's got to go. Let by Honda decisions you chose. Peaks feel good, but those values get low. Chains for the tires and the rain, hell snow. It's like that everywhere that you go, everywhere that you. A lot of motherfuckers go down, don't come up. Voicing your head, don't shut up. Loing up between the D, you try to call back, but she hung up. Anything that try to get the one up, run out. Solling to pen it, the fence back in it. Real love, the same for the fame, a bad way to shit. I'm trying to move around to get depressed in that home. Life been hidden like some rest is the loan. It's been a rock you week. Brainwork, I use my heart in a while. Gotta get the fence bouncing off the audio files. I got away and know my sentence, like they caught in a trout. Why you ain't no kid caught in denial? Yeah, I remember y'all. Let me out to drive what I came back. Boy, you gotta know it on play that. Boy, you gotta know it on play that. I've been laying low at the same bed. I was at work, they did not die. No magic button on life, ain't no tie-dives. Go, gotta out. The flow so, flow, try to. Three pack of serving them all, all all out. Live behind decisions I chose. Peaks feel good in the values get low. Chains for the tires and the rain, hills, snow. It's like the everywhere that I go, everywhere that I go. Hey. Just let me out. Hey. Oh. Oh. Oh. Yeah. Come on. Say, when? Yep. Fuck it out. Oh. That hurt. That's good, ain't no. Nice and light. Squeeze. Peace. That's it. Is there a wrap? We're done. And Vegas. Gonna take a look at Lewis now. Get some food in and eat for it to the airport. You know, he's going to be here. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. I'm sick. That was the first time you've been able to do that, oh yeah. Positive steps today. Just finished training at the had a good pump session. Six exercises, Lewis isn't too gas, which is good. Managed to then come in here and do a full round of poses without stopping. Which is literally the first time you've been able to do this on the US soil this time around. So, luckily, it's Wednesday today. We've got those before I leave Saturday into Sunday just to clear this and make sure everything is absolutely golden. Any good levels of rap, you see a much better in himself. Literally the last couple of days has been real tough. Just sort of trying to just get that mindset because as anyone knows, who's a competitor there, the desire to get on stage is there, but as soon as you are in where or if you're not feeding it, you know what I mean that's sort of then I guess motivation to get on stage drops and you feel shit. And trying to pick that back up is a hard task, but luckily today Lewis is working up in a very good position. It's for the equalised and the mentality going into the next few days he's feeling so much better about himself. So, very positive steps today. Big bonus. Hookup ups in the shaker. One up and see. The last one was ruined. I watched my last one last night and it's like, so, that's it. I'm sure that we said we could have done something. We got to accept it, but I could be stuck in America. It doesn't work here, but I'm getting a car and I know if it drives seven hours to arena. We'll see. All done at 4.55. What's the time now? 3.45. My passport. A little bit fun. It's what happens when you wash your passport. I'll see if it works. There's like a game room. The question. That's a hotel. Got a decent elevator. I can grab me up. You're a person, can't I? I was in a trunk in the balcony. I might get some luts. I'm not sure if you can get some luts. Yeah. We're in. We've got some for lunch. Nice. It's a little bit fun. So we've just woke up. The position that Lewis is in now is probably lack a little bit of fullness. We'll do not push that much food, but the condition that we're seeing at the moment is relative to where he's been at. Texas Tampa. Surely morning. This is crazy. It's very, very promising. Going into the next few days. He's just about to weigh himself. He won't look at it. I'll make sure. I see it just for some correlation to where we are. The starting point from this low, these pretty much two and a half kilos up from where we were at Texas. So that period where we have post show where we went quite aggressive. Suddenly, we were just paid off. So this new tissue there. It's going to bring some crazy new conditions. Well, the state's something that they're there to see in that this morning. I'm blown away. So positive. Positive. Please. So we're going to go and find the gym. There's a couple of gyms that are linked with the lead of festival. So we have a few meals in Lewis fast. Head to the gym. Never like just up a pump session. 67% of the news on the blood around is breathing now. It's so much better as well. Like we're on the sort of plus on the positive side of him returning back to full health. Which is not really bonus. In the medication these days, he managed to pose this morning without having to stop without having to. But catch his breath, which is a real real sort of landmark for us at this point. Go in in because like I said a few days ago, it was a little promising. So it's a good time. It's a good time. It's a very happy. What are you yesterday? Yeah. And finally mine. Yeah. You actually dropped a kilo to nine. Yeah. You went in perfect time to start. You were wondering why you went in nine days. Do you want to know what I'm doing? I don't know who I want to know what I am. One point six up. One point six up. Yeah. From your signal. Yeah. You were in a certain night. You were in a certain night. You were in a certain night. This is a very very good position to be. Even better. Even better position to be. No another food that we put in yesterday is stuck. Normally at this point we're just trying to hold the fullness. The weight is such as well because food just processed for 1500 grams of carbs. And yes, we've gone heavy on that in the past. 1600 on the first day. And we've seen a drop. But the condition today is the same that I expected to see. But I'm going to at least do the same or maybe a little lower but the food is held in this condition is pulled in. It's a broken bread. So it is the first session in Reno. We've located a gym. It's not far from here. So we're going to head there and let me know. It's just eaten again. Okay. With three meals deep. Everything's looking very good. I've just finished all the required food. But the helalics on stage last night was up to the very, very early hours. And the morning comes fantastic in China. It said PCA, a philic affiliated show in China. One of the biggest shows that you'll see at age up. Crazy Christmany. In his class, I think it was 18 dB placed second and then got moved into the overall. Where he then got stiff. I'll have 20 guys in a little bit of way they do it with loads of very strange. But I've got some good prize money. I've looked at absolutely incredible super super chef. He's doing the British PCA from the next week. So keeping my eye up for that, I've got a guy in Portugal competing this weekend. He's doing a regional. He's looking fantastic. So I'm just being there now. He's just updated me before he goes to bed before his final day before his load. We'll get back. I'll start on client plans. And then just watch Lewis expand, I guess. Monitor it. And then tomorrow is day three of the load. So we've done it a little bit differently this time. Because of the way that Lewis is feeling and the response that I know that we can get in the moment. Push in some food a day early. I think there's been much more beneficial to us. It puts us in a solid position going into the show where we're not chasing. I guess the manipulation of water, which can be quite harsh on the physique. And also the way that Lewis is feeling, just chucking a load of facts and carbohydrates in his body. Elevating that sort of energy level is certainly put him in a fantastic position now. So we'll see how things go. So we're here in Reno. We're in, I'm sorry, again, I haven't been able to do this. American iron. We're here in Reno. First session in American iron gym. Massage place. Massage place. Proper mix of pretty much just all the tools that we're going to start track. Some flex. I'm a strength. A little bit of prime. Perfect for what we want. Just moving through the food that we put in. Nurses. 3 days out now. So you just want to get a very careful couple of exercises pro muscle grip. Triple and back. Church, stelts. And one by one try. Nothing crazy. Getting in, get out. It's a nice little pose in room. So we're going to do some rounds in there. Nurses are going to practice with routine. It's been choreographed. But something more special. So excited to see all that come together. Let's come out. We're going to get the shit done. Let's all catch the leader. Rebels so child got a fist ball. I'm a pre-spon of ancestors and I'm blessed. They got knocked him, telling feds up. I can check stuff. Hell and care free. Not the skills. Me, hell and break. Yeah. I got next stuff. Right. No real love the same. Cause see when I look in your eyebrows. You not gated talking, I ready to ride. You do better eat than they cry. My pen is ignited. My soul is enlightened. I like who I can but I buy it. The palettes right on my trip. It's a fountain. I'm not like these regular guys. All that talk is my skyddit. What you like the way I make the tape print. But the ground make the world's play is grim. I'm the river between for the kids. Switz the label. I have to check like a blaze man. Something's barking where it's brain is. The beat is summer with it. Prancing. You're running away. I make the face jump in the passion. It's tasteless. They likely to run in my pool when they see face to face. They quick with the shape shit. I've done an egg with the gravest shit. By the front of the crème to the grave bitch. Big man how they face tense. Look both ways. If you catch fade I'm a nice guy. You're on the inside. Then I'm not somebody to be played with. Keep it on. I'll wake it up. I don't remember how to ground this. I like to see the oven brows. Try to wonder if they drown. I head on the swivel. Yeah. It's only really my surroundings. It keep it out of my guitars. I don't remember how to ground this. I like to see the oven brows. Try to wonder if they drown. I head on the swivel. Yeah. It's only really my surround. It can't stop. Won't stop. Tell that's what the world really glows track. Tell that they can do it. They're the stoves. I type of shit they hide in the tube. I just skip counting the new block. But I'm still around it. It could just not. Better hold it down with a group drop. I kick now for the crowd up a loop pop. They take them around for my moon. Better run them out of town for their hope fly. Queen Xi and Han like new line. They beat the host with a whip. They just not. They beat right up against the face. They beat against the gang. But it's just not. They beat the kick and they say. But they're subpar. If you enjoy through the club and the fly stop for life. I feel amazing. Damn it's keen. I've paid the angle. I send it to your girl but I make a face lift. This is your point. One more session to go. We'll be back here tomorrow. Last. Up a sun. Going up a looking there, it's now in the closing room. He's looking a bit swah. He should be. We might see these guys on. I'm not ready. So let's go in there. See what's under there. Yeah. The red sun rose this morning. Dark skies thrown out this morning. No way to right, no way to right. Hold on. The floor is gaving. Your wall's shining through cages. Your refuse will be your team right. That's the way to tell you. Your power is as special. We don't fit on your canvas. Holly, where are you? Is your job? Things you need. We'll be right there.