Okay, so we managed to see come off the flight. We've been very, very minimal. Water being held. And yesterday was just my breakfast. I'm running a free full-depletion just to put in a way that the privacy should take everything on today. And we've got, so I've got the first four meals planned out, which will be prior to training and not going to be other meals primarily south. And what I'm expecting to pay, nurse, so I'm looking at 8,363 calories, a 1430 grams of carbs, fast-a-low, although everyone asked me, why is nurses fast, perplexed? For instance, low today, just to help with the device space and then allow the digestion to be optimal. A lot of people when I showed nurses calories and my customers, they were all twice per inch high. It's not because he's having high brain. So also, this is just traced pre-in in the cargo hydrate sources, there's a lot of those, which are high volume of protein. So we do hope pre-indone to about 25 grams direct from protein sources, per meal here they meals, and then the rest is all from trace. Fast, I'm just actually slightly better than the protein, so we're looking at about 120 grams of fast, drown the ingredients, well, just to help with holding that fullness, and paying good grip and that, coming right from the aggressive today, see how that looks. And then we can see it in tomorrow, if we repeat all the harm, back off, and then on Friday, we're looking to drop back, the planet's to drop back a little bit, because I know that I can feed Lewis very comfortably, who's very far away, who's still too large, who's still too large, who's back there, is a huge, huge large. So I've been the fry's at five, five large fry's at big ass fries, so we just need to make sure that his stomachs in a good place, and I've full to take that on board, so we have a plan. We're going to also start being a little bit more wrestling, much better at this as well, just because of the pure volume of carbohydrates, so we're going to be taking it in, so it's just quite in that right balance, over the next few days, and that's going to be fun, so stay tuned. Lewis is over just making this very smooth, which is 150 grams of oats, 40 grams of raisins, 40 grams of jam, and 20 grams of onber, just a 30 grams of wavy scented. It's just so easy for this piece, so this is the navel beef that she owes away, jam, nubber, then rice and chicken, nubber, and bagels, and probably, lean steak, means we've wiped it out, and that is it. This is a very soft- repaired joint that is made by Thomas Collins, suffered from the ghee scandal Scott. Keith sincereened. It's been very good. The wind everybody. It's a great journey. It's one of the day. It's a lot of the lead and the reach and endings. Make sure we get to the mud guys. He's all the one over the. On top of there, we're going to go to the house. We're going to go to the building. See the kind of mud. So being there, our journey tonight is tomorrow. As well as, I'll see. My mind is in a blue ocean. So it's just like, I can't even tell you right. It's been kind of in the wrong day. I probably will call you in as well. And we'll get some stuff in that box. We'll get kind of weight. And see you guys there, right? Wiltsworth Es 그러면 began to have a period of time. 30 wars made. The organizational era had for less than 20 years. I think maybe theYeah or one decade of long exhilaratedness has been nonprofit. I got to say I got no more over. If not the second one, but more. At a time when you might in the beginning just two or three quarters of of less than now, it's the largest time we've earned and 70. If I'll be training about now and then I will look in the gym, assess and see how the last pull me was a punna. So we're just gonna keep pushing the water in as well. Lewis was super flat so we just need a bit of a feed to it saying we've got a little bit fast doing the job as well just holding the fullness because he pleased so quickly. Just a matter of just judging it, me or me or from here, literally I've free a few hours just taking a look and making sure everything's in the money. Lewis just laid him back, literally just sleeping and then pretty much just waking him up to eat and put him out of the bed and go from there. We'll see you in the gym. There you go. All right. See you. Thank you. All right. Let's go. Let's go. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. We'll start in the morning. All right. Good. Where is he? Where is he? Where is he? There he is. Yeah. He's right. He's right. He's right. And he's right. He's right. He's right. I'm so nervous. You're a little more wrecked. I'm not gonna die. I'm gonna break my little fall. I make it mean I look pretty too big. I mean I would buy to get a little more in here. I don't think I'm gonna be the one to keep my life. I'm gonna break my life. I'm gonna break my life. I'm gonna break my life. I'm gonna break my life. What? What? I fucking did it. I was crazy. Crazy, crazy guy from the UK. Yeah, just a really silly bus. Really bus. Just seeing everybody here. Everybody in despair. Everybody in good place. Just the push. Music blew around. Just a quick look at the bus after the session. Just as humble as having a look. As well as good to see two guys with a kill. As we're as our sands. But it's a good idea where we're gonna be standing on Saturday. So, the day excited. The notice is the least. We have 225 grams of cereal. I was workout. Just had 125 grams of ground. We were all wait and chicken. 150 grams of milk. Rice. A baby of jam. So, now we'll go in. We'll settle. We will probably have one more meal. And then I'll get into the closing rounds. See how the looks. The better thing, of course, the day. No realistically, we're still when he's like 30% in this load. And so much more of the touch. That's all the push. I just don't wait. Okay, so. Yes guys, it's day three in Tampa. And I am currently making that. That's bold of proving you're good. I'm free. I don't know if I've lost my legs. We have color and it's like in the corner. And yeah, just a minute of it. Let's go over the board. Lewis looks absolutely insane this morning. Okay, so we started the load yesterday. When in 1500 carbs, the weight of the calories. And I had a look last thing before bed. And then we were really full to the seat. Don't even stop. Knowing that moving out of drop off. And it did. But the condition and the drawing I've been with it. It was going to be a level. So we know we are on to something. We're going to put it over to the gym. On the apartment in the apartment block. And just had a really good look. And yeah, it's looking on. So everything started to just push to the skin. Was generally going off, which is good. And that's going to be good. Today is registration day. It's like two and three and four things. So we're going to head to Emma for a bit of a mid day. Get three meals in Lewis. Just keep pushing nothing changes in regards to the size of the meals. At the moment. So we're going to get three solid meals in prior to doing the final process. Not pushing the final pump session. And then we'll head straight to registration. I'll have a plan then move forward where we stick to the same volume of food. Push right through to the end of the day. I'll gauge how Lewis is feeding in regards to his digestion. He's done that. He. The man is a mystery because she was so much food and still managed to hold his mid session. It's crazy. It's phenomenal. So but I know that after two or three days he's started to take his toll. So the plan is to go again quite a day. Back off a little bit tomorrow. The day before showed it. And then. But there are normal of that loading move to the which he's broken. Two large fries because it works nicely trained. So. But is it? I'm going to make this get coffee and meat and start working. Yes guys we are here at my 40 40 final session. Lewis. We'll just move some blood around. We're going to hit every up on my some breathe. Two back. Two chest. Two shoulders. Two arms. We get every single time we grab. Obviously we're finding. Session. Really. It works better. Just move everything around. Getting a lot of beef. Good to get used. I'll allow him to start. Get a little bit of a pump. I'd a good look after where about. Nearly. Nearly halfway point to. To the field. So things are going to come alive. The little one is really good. So. So the side of the field is going to be like. After it's so. That's what it's like. Is it something to do with it? I'm on the reason. Oh no. I'm on the. Oh my. Oh my. Oh my. Oh my. Oh my. I. Still. I. It. It. I. I. It. I. That. Yeah. That was. I. We. Yeah. Yeah. I mean it's not. I can't count, I mean it's not. But free search. Library cobbler, please. It's amazing. They're coming. I just want to do this. I just want to do this. I just want to do this. I want to do this. I want to do this. I want to do this. I want to do this. I want to do this. Press it in for the help. I want to do this. It's not a fast machine. It's not a fast machine. It's not a fast machine. The machine. I want to do this. I want to do this. I want to do this. It's not a fast machine. It's a fast machine. This is too big. This is too big. And two and a half thousand calories deep, approximately. The only thing that is left is the hardest workout of my life. So it's not all fun and game-winning carbon up. It literally eats, sleeps, and then doesn't again. The budget, train, sparking, and pie. The quality is trying to discreetly do it with it. It's all relative. You can eat 6,000 calories, 7,000 calories, so relative to the birth of a stilky of fuzz. Find a grind, drop a million times, counter a last bar of food. Everything doesn't happen. Relaxing while I'm at this square, the body of the person respond, so we create it and everything will happen. That way too, it's not bad. Yeah, except any food situation. Really? It makes my sense. We are done, so Lewis has fought with the proper stuff. We've just been for a few rounds of pose in as well. So the look from this time yesterday, this Monday is night and day different. Much better, try it. Still got a bit of water per last, but the amount of food that Lewis has taken on boards and never bought it. He's going to still be holding, so it's a matter of balance in that. And no end when he's the right tools at the right time, so we'll probably start pulling water a little bit to make the retouching rice. We'll be nearly 4,000 far away probably. So it's going to take an effect on some points. We have the balance out. We're going to back off tomorrow, which will be less of a stress on the body. We can be good, so it's going to be an interesting look tomorrow morning for sure. Yes guys, we're here at the Grand High End. It's a registration day and it's a journey site in the cake. A lot of familiar faces around, very good guys. It's a sighting, just taking it wouldn't absorb any fluid places, happy. But look is on the money from here. We know what we're doing, it's just about controlling it, controlling all the variables. But they're in a good environment and it's pretty good at talking with you today. We've had a lot of fun here. We've had a lot of fun here. We've had a lot of fun here. I'm not sure if you've got the 3V, but it's here. Everyone else is looking for the phone. We're going to have a chat day. Are you feeling a day? We're eating here. Come here. Ah, come on. Come on. Hi, hi. Hi, hi. Yeah. How do you get up? No, no. You all right? You got thoughts? What do you want? What? What's the telly slap? It's a thingy. You just got a lot of things. I'm going to get one. Oh my god. What? Yeah, I'm going to get one. What? My god. See, oh, oh. You did much fun all my shit. Oh, yeah. Oh, my god. Get it? How about that? That's a fun to start. Oh. But you did not humorously. My name is Shematsu Numi Shes. Wow, they're cool. They're cool. I'm a colleague. I'm the star on the show, Ted. Say, do you make it? Hey guys. Say you're a little bit. Hey guys. Looks muscular. Go on. Go on, telly. No. Yeah. Yeah. So, colleague, does my flow move up from the UK to do it? Actually, see Lewis, I'm saying. I know. In 15 years. Poly puts up with all the analyses here because I would because she'd be a model of her whole. Yeah. For this time, this work, that works. It's a little bit. I'm going to be really well. What? Always having something on the out there. And I just late. Did you have any further slip? Yeah. Yeah. You're hungry. Yeah. You're hungry. You're going to subsack. Everyone relates to that. Yeah. Everybody knows. My whole problem up, no. We're going to get seven to eight. It is the final day of loaded tomorrow. Friday, April show. We're going to be out. Crack it all. Probably before the crack it all gets done to that one for eight. Huffle up. You see how Lewis is looking. Literally before he drinks. We've got a reference point now and we can manage literally me at one of those tomorrow. Go ahead and see. Show them. Peace.