Yes guys, welcome to episode. I've been awake for 22 hours. We are landed here in Tampa. Louis Breed is five days out from the time of the pro. It's fresh so on American soil. So, I'm very excited about that. I'm hungry. I'm hungry. I'm the only brewery to the food. Louis is Ian. Oaks. Last year we were at the age. We're juiced a month of food today. And that reduced amount of food was eight meals of eight grand of car. Just to help the reduction of any water retain on the flight. We've got basically until Wednesday morning to get anything off. We've got a lot of things. We won't be allowed. So we've got no issue. Tomorrow we will get up. We'll go shopping. We'll go to the Amarford and train. That's enough. I need food. So peace. Welcome back tough and experienced fitness. Let's check out what's going on. We're starting to be optimistic. Weeks like dawn, We will come up 3am, have to do it better. I have 11. Squeezing a couple more hours, I'll see you in our way up all of this. Just a little six. So I don't quickly call it the last of the, sorry, no, how many people have three left, how far you can manage it very well. And that's an over-the-piece of war in. Using a little bit of that amount of time, I should not write it. It's been a seat. It's more of an absolute treat. It's one of the really good spot because a door needs a little bit more time to pull. We'll go in just out of the day's approach to cool. The Louis' normal day is six out of calories, eight hundred something around your car. I was expecting that probably I've been given a bit of a, not just trying to pull any more of that. We don't need to, so we can run out of the days. The standard day, and then tomorrow we'll start an out-of-privileged baseline. There's a superflop, super-superflop, but we don't score. We got a pretty good three days of the rest of the moment, which will work really well. Can't wait. We'll wait for, I hope, to lose that nose. And then we're gonna head like that, but it'll end up, you know, I hope, and then my foot. I'm going to go through the outer side. It's gonna be more America than we've got. Taking it on the lips for my foot. I'm going to take it to the seventh level. Oh, we got a lot of a car to be here. Stay connected. We found a warm-up. I'm blown away. There's a one-to-white people in America big. Everything is super-sized. And now the best weeks been in Ben and Jerry's. I've got three top to these. We're just getting so far for the week, Lewis is car-bugs, starts tomorrow at the road. We have to go quite heavy, so Rob don't pay into to go back and forth. So super market, we'll actually get everything in now. Bagels, rice, oats, honey, raisins, everything. Basically just getting a little lid for the show on Saturday, so we've got to make sure that everything is going to end. Make sure he's going to be on the money with the, like, everything by Justin's on point. So it's all new fees, we need to make sure that it's good. And we're gonna get spots, they'll be able to push out. Oh, what's the have and try in the UK? Okay, okay. Are we doing the race? Sent shoes. No, man, that, this thing. Can we call her from this? Yes, yes. So what's the shoes for? Crunch. Amanda loves pieces. Of course, you see, probably get things just like that, you can see it by everything. Some shoes are not a good check. I'm not right today. I'm going to try and get some food. I'm going to try and get some food. I'm going to try and get some food. I'm going to try and get some food. I'm going to try and get some food. I'm going to try and get some food. I'm going to try and get some food. I'm going to try and get some food. I'm going to try and get some food. I'm going to try and get some food. I'm going to try and get some food. I'm going to try and get some food. I'm going to try and get some food. I'm going to try and get some food. I'm going to try and get some food. I'm going to try and get some food. I'm going to try and get some food. I'm going to try and get some food. I'm going to try and get some food. I'm going to try and get some food. I'm going to try and get some food. I'm going to try and get some food. I'm going to try and get some food. I'm going to try and get some food. I'm going to try and get some food. I'm going to try and get some food. I'm going to try and get some food. I'm going to try and get some food. I'm going to try and get some food. I'm going to try and get some food. I'm going to try and get some food. I'm going to try and get some food. I'm going to try and get some food. I'm going to try and get some food. I'm going to try and get some food. I'm going to try and get some food. I'm going to try and get some food. I'm going to try and get some food.