Yes guys, day two we are here back at destination just see my man jay hiz so it might be able to have soup herbals. Today we are going to go through Push Lewis is trading with Hunter I am going to trade some boats with Amanda, fluid boats she started loading Lewis started loading there happy there in the brackish session there the guys are so humbling so like the comedy in for us is crazy you don't see it in the UK it's a lot of the year it's great so we catch you in there and see you later. I'm gonna do my best 25 sitin on 25 rakes you guys started knowing we ain't done yet but a new crib has a guy damn flex got that flex signed that shake told I'm not sure that I bet up next kids they cause what a set that takes from way down time but it's just a wet yeah that's a guarantee 10 get a city man ain't going there to sleep ain't damn me it's still doing what he's cause it ain't the cops getting three we've seen that was super hurt And I'm a finish, no, I make a better than my siblings I'm a bit wild, sick, good man Got them all blind, dark, or similar I'm never naked in the industry, we say dance We're tripped, we're gonna end, I ain't naked All my happy cow, my cow The make sure to see a game in Put it up, you'll tear me in my game Get more naked, we're in new friends What do you say, more smoke? To go fan, put it to the can For some did the chrome hard Then I gave him BV's first leader come through a lish Come on money back up, put it to my nose Yes, we got it Come do it, we got it Come do it, we got it First make a move on my head I'm gonna make it better I'm a bit wild, sick, good man We're gonna end, I ain't naked in the industry, we say dance Biggap, we're near, wanna step up the bed I got it, my little wasn't in the minute Just be trying to sit, man We push up the bed Now we act a bad, you know what's up We're gonna end, we're not gonna end Come, this don't chit But the watch for the crown on these rocks And my watch to crown, I chop up my good dad I'm gonna go chop up and make it down, chop up a gang I'll be thudder holding up a wallet chain Moving like the fucker president Move my guard, hooking up the lane Grabing that, the hover, ho to fat Try to down and do the flat Like I'm walking, take it pitch Feel it, do it for the cheek, when you send them on the nish Shake, put your white down We're just name of the lish Slut the switch on the switch Then it's dead, start it, glitch it If I'm gonna smoke it then we raise the tick My pinky won't fall down My pinky won't fall down I'm gonna smoke it, I'm gonna smoke it I'm gonna smoke it, I'm gonna smoke it I'm gonna smoke it, I'm gonna smoke it We don't throw a snitch If we pretend to pin, they spread out the trenches The world was digging into me When they knew we don't fake it We said it turning the city We can't afford the city They did me those in change Oh, I'm gonna say it's dead To me, when you make it in I'm gonna have to go my gunk The match's in the same game I'll say it I'll get the yellow bell and marijuana I'm gonna be standing, put it with you I'm all with you, people try to lie down They're gonna leave a watch, fuck I tell you Try me, you get down I'm gonna smoke it, let me get in I call you, fuck care When I hit the trigger, they be silent like a snitch They're with you, I'm sitting up the paddy Get that fair, I'm gonna hit your push You give up like a shower I'm gonna be with you, get that mady Yeah, go, shit, man Yeah, I'm mady, what up you're just feeling all in rough I'm all in rough, I'm all in rough I'm all in rough, I'm all in rough I don't know the time, but if you're on it, put it's white on it I'm gonna put it, I'm all in rough I'm gonna put it, I'm all in rough I'm gonna give it to John, John, never try to play the way We gon' hit them like the rock I'm thinking like I'm ready, we just think of it in the bush I told him there's no thrillers That you really want to talk to me Talk to me, talk to me, ain't no business, ain't no time Really bad, right? You can buy some white chocolate, 20 dollars They've been like you got a bill of winter, won't it? We'll know what the wrong of it, we'll swim away the Shaw Shaw Like it's in the past, when the chop is stopped, start to spark 200, that's on the coup, I just bought a door To be in cash, I just say they've been the fuck heard Got it, then the fella never jumped another log Man, the first three letters in my name, we got all the things Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah I'm gonna have to call my count, we're making a shit game You're a good boy, you're a damn man, my gang Yeah, fuck, make it, one, two, three Put your breath, put her breath No mercy for you, no worries for you That game with thrones, don't say you're you I keptViyle You tryna shut me up, I JavaScript Hey, I'm coming, see you now, no hesitation I'm really, really tired of being patient. Hey, if you won't give it to me, I'm gonna take it. See you back. The last session here at Destination, probably one of the best things that we have both been to in the world. I knew it was just gonna move some blood around. Just sit up, up. A couple of times, a couple of times, couple of times. It's done and done with nothing crazy. It's moving the food around games and the fear that... It's already coming alive. It's the external pop a little bit. We're still not even halfway through the load yet, so it's gonna be good to see how we've looked in post-workout. I'm gonna take a look at the pose of room. And then we head on down to Wellington. Get up so setup, and then we hit your registration system. Catch you then. Yeah, that's not like me. I'm bad at what about you in the lobby. She like nice things. She used to know me dance. She like me ladders, punchin' time me. I've been on that project. I've got that crib on for that time piece. I'm trying to see the glow of this that I've showed. It's gonna fly me. But when I ride my class, they even got a job. But I've been short on time and in the prom. I'm a prom. I set our never-chains and leveled up. I guess I lie, yeah. I've got straight up post. It just does feel like I'm alive, yeah. I miss that with that post. It just does feel like I'm dead. I know the way you taught me to put your way outside, who I get, go and get the drive, you know. I'm not in this sense. I just ran out of my faces. I just got tired of winning and got you myself. I won't leave it, but leave it to you. They see that they're something to gather yourself. They might as well let it sit down, holly, without a fire. I can tell, just Brad Trowtruck and make you plays. I like that through the get-trop. Pin game, then Petra. Jack said, hand the flat show, sit the cops. Man, they can go way close. And the face is way to make the trip trip. And that's low, and the left stroke. I'm gonna make play with you now. Every day at back, you'll sell on. Yeah. Take them. Yeah. Go, go, go, go, go. I'm camping, God bless. I'm going back to the crib, you'll sell that. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Hey. I'm gonna make play with you now. And the car, back, you'll sell on. Hey. Hey. Hey. Come on. We're gonna be free. I'll show you. Come for the kid. I'm out of the train. I think I'll be. Look at the train. I'm gonna be rich. I don't mind where. I'll never let him play me, but they claim it. The night, till I'm go deep. I'm going home. Yeah. To my soil and the culture, I'm in trouble. I just gotta be back. We wanna be. Got the J-N-R-Star. I can't do no wrong. I'm getting out of my shoe and arms. We try to justify me going. I'm like, hey, oh no, he brought. I'm playing girls. What they chose, I'm the soul. The fitness bit for the trip on my show. They try to decode. They never be tired. I keep it up. I can't do people. I'm about it. I don't know the money. Show me that. My stuff is so bad. I might wait for the time to pay me. What you wanna mean, I'm late. I can't control the conversation. I don't know my name. It's just kinda raining the car. But I'm hands on it. I feel the never plan. I think that's it. I'm never the best. I'm here to passports. I'm a stamp song. Back to the. Yeah. I'm gonna go now. I'm gonna die. I'm gonna die back to the soil. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Look. I got this. Right. It's been Green County. I get shut up. I get shut up. I get received from people, There's been a lot of COVID. It's a lot of COVID. But young people, I need a pair of eyes. I need a pair of eyes. I need a pair of eyes. Unless you're talking numbers, we ain't speaking about the right things. Switch up on my good for a big hit. That's not like me. I'm bad at what if body in the back. She's like nice things. She used to know me dance. She like me matters for the timing. I've been on that project, that crib of a photo. Trying to feel the glow, it's that outshows. I wanna wrap my eyes big, even got a die piece. But I'll be short on time, and in the past, I'll promise. I said I never changed, never done. I guess I lie here, I've got straight up post, just a still like common lie here. I'm standing with that post, she's just a still like a heck guy. I guess I know the ones who come true. But I'll say who lie here, go against the trash, who's up. Let me out in the face. I just ran out of my post, just. I just got tired of waiting and got him slow. I just want me to believe in the truth, that they see for this up to that in itself. They might as well let it be. I'd have to add a high top point, 10 towel, drip, breath, drop, tuck, and major plays. I'd have to be the catch-rop, ping-gamed in petrol. Just set in the flesh, toast, and it takes me out to give away clothes. I'm the fake way to make a trip, drip, and snap, blow up in the left stroke. Black, sir. I wanna make black, my girl, I never let it back to the song. Yeah. Let it up. Yeah. Just set in the flesh, and it got wet. Three nights of the craters showed up. Make up. Yeah. I'ma make black, my girl, I'ma let it back to the song. I need a man in the shot. But it's not gonna be a plan, but it got wet. Bring that to your face. No, that's fun. Whoa. Hey, come from the kids, ready to change, ready to change. Why am I gonna drink, my girlfriend, shampoo my way? Never let him pay me but they claim it The 9th till I'm go deep I'm going Love to my soil and the culture I'm that chosen one I just got it bad She won't have to get you wrongs dog I can't do no wrong looking at I she went in wrongs dog They try to justify me going up like they don't know he brought up I fed those when they told you I'm a sow Griffin the spit for the chip on my shoulder trying to decode It's never the dog I keep it apart I don't know who I'm about it I didn't mind it showing me love I feel so sad I don't mind wait for time to take me I want to run on the 9th later I keep it show with the conversation I don't mind me You gotta pray in the caudity When I'm hands on it I'm really never the plan If that didn't never the best I'm the end of the past poor but it's damn so I'm a playman Girl you know I'm a bad guy just so long Yeah Man That's what I mean So I'm starting on 10th and I got one Reignance and create a show Yeah Man Yeah Yeah Yeah Man We're going to be competing this weekend and not just blows me away. It's really honestly, it feels my heart to see our category thrive in the way that it is. Jihyo YoereHang's got a fast beat this. These are my picks ride! This is like mucky sia. Would have got a gun. Ooo, we have good pickles. Look at that. It hurts sta? Thanks Lily. Our없delicious, It's like it's much pavrip. Let's sit and ... Oh my娘! I don't know yet. We're all home… Oh good baguettes. I'm not saying you're well. I'm squishy now. Matt Towson's heart around. I'm not ready. I can't run. I can run. What do you do? What's that egg yolk? I'm going to set it for a minute. It's not very strong inside. exaggeratedus beginning to calculate 504. Draw one with the egg yolk. In the middle. Draw, the dough. startups are coming. Please Liz. So whenever I make the eggs add the eggs,ás they don't contain eggs only. And then again. This is the egg yolk. You can call it the original egg yolk. There is a while a bit less of it in a certain way. Look at this Who tanned? Yeah, they know we are They know we are Because they can't see it That's beautiful We tried my one I think we're more stuck What's going on? Why is she sitting down? Gustave's Amanda is lifting god damn view God damnit, sexy Oh good We are We are We are talking about the time It's a bit 9 o'clock, roughly Half our state So we head back to the new apartment We've moved apartments Lewis is a little too more meals Gonna have a look at Amanda She's fed herself Thanks She's fed herself burgers But I think she's happy She's happy with the look I think I'm one of the best people Yeah, she's happy with this week And that's what we get Lewis is just filling S filling Filling Filling Filling Dropping Filling So And that'll be the score Tomorrow About 50, 60% free The load Tomorrow I have less of the food And I'm just back off the GI Waiting for the burgers and fries The famous background fries And there's no Running into a show He'll still drink A shit ton of water To borrow We need it And it's gonna be another good He's already 70% of the time Amanda's bad and tray So it's gonna be a good weekend So please see it tomorrow