Hey guys welcome we are here in a fucking hot Dallas Texas okay it is day one technically day two but just doing countings yes there was a bad day I arrived I have no luggage so the clothes that are on me I've got to last me as long as possible until I get to another shop but it is officially day one we are here at destination probably one of the most famous gyms in the world we are here just a bit of back bit of by and just move some blood around get things ready Lewis and Amanda we're out in to go Amanda is on Friday Saturday is Lewis so it's just getting them guys in the position where we can optimize the pink now that we arrived obviously get some more off Amanda Lewis's bone dry and dry as a fucking desert out of here but it's going to be fun really really sort of looking forward to this one one of the biggest shows of the year some big names Amanda's looks 26 girls in no category so that's going to be a good one but it's our first experience in the States after getting it last week at true we can now sort of enjoy this and just really sort of be a part of this sort of environment it's crazy the guys and they're Amanda's going to meet all the guys that are going to be competing at the weekend again so peace will catch you later you you you you you hey hey you you you you you you you you after walk up baby Amanda is excited very excited you you still no clothes i have no luggage it's done stinks stink one on the street last night three feet three clothes when i'm a jordan spree last night my cat got to sort of be right out of the lake so four water and lucky man there's no water it will suit you to finish so we're going to buy a suitcase all this game we're going to get food now stock Lewis up stop the man there up oh go oh it's hot just bought a blade i just bought one back home i'm able to commit it for you that you are suitcase now it's on a mission hey there's a mission apple cables needed not to buy it's probably in it yeah i know thank you very much are you you're looking at you well who knows oh you're an hang on then oh my god i'm hand one if i can't squeeze it i'll probably be able to squeeze it you're going to get everybody's pieces to get into that oh i need to do it oh i've got room in mind i don't need to just stick some of you stuff for the minute so it was a load to get a bit no it's not for a layer things i want to try keep this in mind i can try do night they said they want it full glutes it's true oh my god could you bear put the cookie bottom oh reason's that it's too much can't go are we skin oh oh oh oh oh my god take this raw unfilled with honey oh my god i like the ones of the bears you're sweaty i think it's good with that oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god there he goes i need to drink oh my god i've got to try every single flavor i can't guard i'll get in the UK how'd she find me here look at this she put on a pudding i can devour that right now dude you can't eat this shit i'll eat oh it's going to happen oh he's going to eat that oh he's going to eat how many calories is it top? he's eating right like my baby 4,000 calories but my master's right 4,000 calories oh my god he's going to eat oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god this is not all mine hey fucking peanuts oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god loose his patience oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god and i will go i'm not strong there's a person still hanging around Yanglim'sug 7kg It will come, yes So, he'll turn cooling to make it a food tomorrow. Shit, man. It's just hot. Day one, Texas, complete. Okay, we are done in Dust Yesterday. Going at the sack. Just like a look at Lewis, he's going to join still after 11, 12 years of water. Standard day for him. Man does just as if I look at herself. She's going to be loading tomorrow. There's going to be loading tomorrow. We're going to train with Hunter tomorrow. And I'll sit. See you later.