I feel so good about myself But then again, so that's it So, just see that This is that scene Look at us in that country Well, I just think we can make it into it Alright, I'm a miss bit Oh, I think I have miss bit How will we get out of the country? How do I miss money? It can't be And at that end The reception is made, maybe It is a country, but you know, all the governments that are the more trained this is a countrymaner Which was the horsey If I found out we can't get them down, go to the reservation Is that what they're in there? Yeah, I think so I looked at the light for our home service We have arrived at the countrymaner Look at us having some baby Oh, I think about 20 minutes in the venue So, we're gonna get checked in and go check the doors up there Oh, come on And that's the name for someone Let's just bananas Can we get that one just now? We have something to read We should find somebody Let's go! Hey, listen up Who'd you wanna join us together? Yeah, this one was a check-in, the difference followed in the week Monday, in the 90s, because you're raising your big shit, what will you do in the winter? So much to change the training hours, but you seem to be in a section of time. You should be happy, okay, because it was fun on. It's just about so we're ready to have the weekend. Yeah, but that's why we keep this bench in this shit. I know that you Monday, at the end of the day, that's actually what you've been through. On the straps, all the harness, through poison, feet here, and get this part off, you're really full of it. And I'm happy with seeing what you're looking for, what you're making on it. But look at what's up for the little bit. Yeah, here. Yeah. So we're going to go to a tour race. So get some energy in my accent, so we're getting some full bonus in so we can't push the car to the gym. Okay. Can I take a look? I mean, I'll take a look. But it seems like a bit of a panic attack. I don't even know where the shit's. No, what are we going to do? I'll have a little bit of a seat peeled. No, I'm really excited. I'm sure because she's had a tandem at clock. I hope you're sure I'll have a good day. And she's a little bit of a bit of a way, so we put wet take a little boat and probably get some food away. Yeah, buddy. Oh, so close to my go. All I know is money on my mind. I want something that everything is worth. Make it one of our semis. Why don't you let me in? My plan for the last day is like a slow, I was like, if I want to again, he's going on the big weekend, in the biggest house and he's at each, and she wants to go to pick him. So if I was really good in the idea, but feeling like it's a big afternoon, you'll see where she needs to be in your city if you know, It's a sense of mine, it's a look at our faces and this, you know, be very impressive. Especially natural perturbations are fine-living between the residents, especially when you are in a more hospice, like a cleaning. So she also give it again. So why not? The last plan is done. If the last plan is done. Thank you. It's been a busy evening, thank you for having me. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Are you going with me? I am right, I'm going with you. I just want to go with you, I'm going with you. I'm going with you. I don't think I'm about a hotel, so I say to each of you 11. I want to be insane, I want to be sad, I want to be sad. I want to be a jaganizer. I'm going with you. I want to call, but it doesn't matter, it's the beginning. Why am I getting so emotional about being like it? I'm going to stop for the rest. Here we are, we're going for the second. Thanks for having us on the point. So day is getting nice steps in. I'm just going again and off to the left. Just do it. All right, let's get started. We're getting that short, we're getting ready. Good night. Thanks for having us on the show. We're going to have a time for one tonight. Thanks. Let's get in the government. What? Every time. I don't want you to waste that much time. Why don't you get lost? What is the name? We're getting away from our brain. It's my band's mother. Oh, sorry. I'm going for a day. I got the name. I'm going to see you again. I see, is that time people? No, there's no way people's people's people. All that's the time has happened. I'm going to pass the right again and that's what I'm going to do. I'm passing headband. He's ready to rock. I'm going to start him. Oh, hello, pay. This is a TV card. Wait for my major eyes. No, okay. If it took this, is it freeless? I don't like that. I can almost. I'll assume find out when I get a phone through the door again. Okay, now. Don't hit him. Is that a spades? You can't get name, I'm just. I can't get name, I'm just going to get name. I don't know how to get name. I'm not wish to listen to this card, but my friend is. I can see space that's there. I feel like going down the wrong way. Just getting to the end. Oh, oh, another cat. Did you come on? I'm sure, Connor. I'm sure. It's my door. Someone. Who? I know if you watched this and not because you've been on me. You're not watching my YouTube on the last. Why is everyone taking the nice big spaces? Because no. They're doing it all the way. They're giving them the middle. When I don't get an exit pose. No, do I. No, you know why I didn't get it. Is it was a curve pole that that place seems better than the curve pole? That one? Head down. Let's go for it. We're in. We're going to get the curve. Oh, that. And. No. And. And. Oh, yeah. Good. Good. Listen. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. I'm leaving, God. Good. I'm leaving. I'm leaving. I'm leaving. I'm leaving. You can go. Get your rare. So I can't lose this fair. We ain't seen what they're all about. You ever know we've all done. Don't let the cumb of us not a fool. My me go, fake thunkers, no one to do. I'm not getting away at first. It's all up and away. It's all up and away. It's all up and away. That's the best. Oh, God. I'm just going home. I'm going to get it. I'm going to go. I'm going to get it. I'm going to go. Go. Go. The memory of my heart... Yo. Look, I ain't saying that I'm rich. Because if I'm honest, I have never been. But when I look at all these other kids, I feel just a little bit ahead of there. You shouldn't have been as a competitive. There's a lot of people that I'm better than. Even better, Rinzen got the knowledge I do. I've been reinvatsing all the others. So I pretend they like you god. Me. You and I can't keep you from you. I think we're getting busy We're getting busy I told him We're getting that sign We're ready to take a picture At least we should get to that spot I don't know if we're gonna find him Not actually one of your eating either We're going to take a picture Oh the things you do with the cake Always Do I be coffee? I think that's danger Run Oh shit You missed that I'm not feeling that much of a pain I'm not feeling that much of a pain I don't think I hear you being too peep I'm just that shit right It's a way that It's not shit I was thinking about eating some of the funny ways I'm not going to be so mad I really didn't pay Yeah Love it, ya Happy Day Oh probability I feel like I've been thinking about kommer I'm sure we're talking before but she has end to Junior but she's an MMA Junior. So we must have to be in the mountain. She's been very nice. I'm about to fashion. I don't be the only one being in a sportsmask. So I'm not sure what's up competition. So they said offer to the girls in the air. So she's been there for the first time in the first year. But she's reading and she's seen Russian kids give any way to feature. So she should be in the next year. We'll get out of the Junior. Yeah. And it gives us a good addition to the Ula Haldwax. Good. Happy. She's not really because of my name. It's the most important thing. For the last two days she also has not put those more children. It's not really good because she hasn't actually been sick with them. She has a lot of children's information. I'll just let them know. But then again, good figures. At least as she hasn't been in, she doesn't even grow as a child. I really think we're gonna stop now. It's because of the buzzer. I'm never in a rush. Close one. I'll save your been. So she's been. Eleo rising. I am so inspiring. CEO, my title. My videos are go viral. Take a good look at the fit. Let from my head to my toes. I want to sit with the drip. Watch out when they get into clothes. Turn it up. Cause I come in cut. Say, don't you can do it. Everybody watch me. Go to the labota. Know you cannot touch me. I can't bear my cut. That's your paparazzi. They dance, we're lint your not worth. But we'll beat the house. That's my preferable. Sit and pretty at the top. Now ever rest. You're on my face. You're been so... I'm so... I'm so... I'm so... I'm so... I'm so... I'm so... I'm so... I'm so... I'm so... I'm so... I don't want to do anything for all of you. What do you want of us here at the last show? Tell us exactly. Hey, okay, well we'll look. We're gonna take the Independentdziemition Express to Law en Paroke through the Appanks. The president is so-so, we're gonna take an Sup stance. If he has an Indian accent, just a little bit of an accent. So, come first after her three boys and designers and the drama she calls all day, she got away crying of happiness once. And then we went on to play with me. She was unfortunately the only one in a category, but they put her in with the open to see how she lined up. They didn't actually put her in as a competition, though. There was put one say, so she could see for her future. And she did, she held herself really well and I was seeing she won her junior, but she got the invite to the bridge. So everyone's happy, all trophies, and we're going home. Bloody gaat, that's grouping her lead, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, spell a kita wall, you do whatever you want tonight. Woah, I think there's no way you can be better with your end. So deep! How will it not break? Can't stand in your hands... It's an onlyっぱress, right? Who's here? What does it roll up? I can't climb up. I can't do it. That's why I've never seen you