Yes, guys, welcome back to the YouTube. We are here in Graze Ethics for the first UK regional of 2025 and it is the show that myself, Amanda, and the rest of the team, the condition coaches are sponsoring, is the condition coaches cup, the two pros, NPC worldwide affiliated show. We were very excited for this is the third year in a row that we have sponsored, one of the two brochures and it is a real pleasure of us just to be able to give back to UK bodybuilding. We have a huge passion for it. We love how much the sport is growing and the UK and we want to be able to support that. Yeah, with that excited, it's going to be a busy one. By all accounts, it is the show before the Ben Weeder, there is a few of the next weekend as well, so there are a few guys that are going to be lining that up as effort as pro qualifier and it is that whole host of pro qualifiers coming up that my guys and a number of athletes will be thinking about which is going to be fun. Big start of 2025, I have got four guys in this weekend, two classic, one classic, two men's, a physique and one open bodybuilding and everybody is looking very good and it is exciting to see the other athletes who are competing and I know a few of them and I know they're looking good as well, so it's going to be a good show that's some good names there and so me it's a good taste of what's to come in 2025, 2024 was a very, very good season for us and we hope to replicate it and some this year. Okay, so at the moment I only have Josh here in Essex so I've been able to feel on him last night in a couple of times this morning, three times already this morning, I'm due to pop brown and see him in a bit, he's running around the corner, it's very handy Michael, Matt and Dom are all on the way and I'll be catching up with them. If not before registration, if they don't make it before then then I will see him at registration and just for him to finalise their plans there I'm pretty much checking him with a meal to meal so they've got two, three, four hour drives between them so it's just making sure that I have been smooth before they took off and then they were in done point as they are driving but yeah, I'm just finishing off check-ins here Lewis Amanda, Lewis is actually guest-posed in for us this weekend he is just under well just under 12 coming up to 11 weeks out from the first show of the season for him so we'll get a bit of a taste of how he's looking Amanda's training and Mark Joyce is training with Lewis at the moment I couldn't make it for the gym unfortunately just because I just wanted to try and get everybody's check-ins done I've got four left before registration and I'm pretty much clear for the weekend just making sure what we're guys is good, early start tomorrow and then Sunday is flight to Thibau so we're going to head over the Josh in a minute and then the ride so we'll cut through there traffic is paddling maybe so there's a four way traffic lights on around about right at the exit of our road I'm just breaking down Josh is actually three minutes away I'm going to be sat here for ten minutes so just wait for Josh to come down nice apartment block check on him to spout my parker he is couple hours away just leaving some instructions on some fluid Tom is on his way, Tom's under the cap very nicely last year was a very very good look he done very well in the regionals he'd done the ride in place there in a 30-teap class of class B what starts me over a brook robber this year and we're always sure until it like because of the turnaround we'll feel the next Friday you'll be on stage in the Friday this is a Saturday show and it's a six-day turnaround series you know I said to him from the day one it's not where if that's being a hundred so for the show and this is a smart thing to be there's so many people that you know want to go full hog into the regional and there's a number of crow qualifiers that are going to be coming up you know body needs to be primed for those shows you know yes it's all well and good really new at all here but then if the physique starts to fade going at the brook qualifiers it's not worth it so yeah the plan is to go in at like seven you percent hear this week and then basically do those talk to me basically then run it in for feebo next week f off. Yes of course. But there's a bad Ruudman there. registration here, looked busy, we're at the team type theatre and grades at SX, new venue, stage that's pretty epic, probably theatre, which is called bringing back some older computer, never vibes for myself, but good amount of good athletes coming through the door, which is good to see, good to turn out. I thought it was doing the registration now, then time, check the guys, and then give the instructions, and just see where they are for the evening, and then it's an early early thumpab people theater here just up. also recognition, it's nittyем, you have to the regres to hurry with us. I was just, I don't know. Just as, I wouldn't talk about it all the time. I wear flat, cool flat. I never say it was all the time. Yes, I saw him thinking if he grew up, he's like, they were gonna spike that morning. You home, but Bob Lee look. Yeah, consider me on a car. That's what Bob Lee is talking about. You're a white-white-white guy. All right. But you're actual going for detail, because you're... I'm like, yeah. Me, flower hole. Still be just as clear, yeah. Exactly. Some people are a flat-a-visite, and you're a bigger human, a flat-a-visite. That's right. I mean, you need to pull the detail, because you're not gonna have the white-white-white-green. So it's that balance, so I'm keeping your phone as just a flat-a-visite, and it's working really well. Yeah. No, no, no. So, let's do two more meals. You'll do ribbons to last one. Yeah. And you'll enjoy seeing your own check-in on Facebook, and this one, or probably for new, yeah. Fish on, all the world, which is in the back of the... I hope you'll work well. Yeah. I think you can just be the one that we've done. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You're not scared, man? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's what you take. Ooh. Ooh. That's a fly. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's a little bit, yeah. Yeah. That's a little bit. You got food prepared, you've used a good. A good, good. We've seen more of people. We've got... Cook-chicken. Yeah. We've got a good slice. Yep. We're going to take a breather right now. Yeah. Can't do it. You're a yes. We've got a good slice, man. Right. Yeah. We've got both. You've got... I've always been a good person. You've got whatever you want. We've been working on. Right. This is meals. For four. What's the best? Five hundred mell. So-to-water. A little bit. I have to make... A little bit of strength. And a little bit of strength. Yeah. And then you... Yeah. So we'll see you in a bit. See where we are. Well, you can just collaborate the last meal. See if you can get the better in a year. Yeah. Yeah. I'll make a little bit. So this graph I've already made. Okay. Yeah. Yep. Just so we can... I can tell you this meal. Yeah. You're going to have five meals instead of... Yeah. And that's what I said. Yeah. That shot reminds me of... Yeah. Yeah. Perfect. Five hundredths of liquid. Just. You can check in eight words. Okay. So, you know, 40 honey. What's where? Five hundred mell of water. Okay. Two grams or so. Have that now. You can have it now or when you get to the Airbnb. Message me when you're home with your location. Yeah. We're home with what we're doing. All right. What time do you got to be here tomorrow? It's not actually that early. Is it? But I do kind of want to watch the body good in. But the inside you can come in as an athlete in the blockchain. Because it's not really that much room. I can't hang around like here but you can downstairs. Right. Okay. I'm going to be here. So I can see you as well. Excellent. And that is registration done. Everybody checked in. Tantant. Meals. Signed. To my full voice. Everybody's really good. Really happy. It's going to be a show. Look at the numbers. Where are we on? We're going to head back now. I'll do another lap around grey, set six. Later on the day checking in with the guys. Just making sure they're there. Happy, making sure that the food's gone in well. And they're just setting up with our last meal. And that's it. We'll catch you. I'm sure they tomorrow. Good morning everybody. It's showday. I'm fucking rubber. I've been up since five of them. The rounds. Seeing everybody. Everybody's really really good. Really pleased with the way that everything sort of just planned out to a Josh. Dom, Mikey and Matt. I'm quite clean getting some voice to it then because I won't be all day. And this is so convenient. We've got 15 minutes. Then we've got a head to the venue. A man doesn't arm to turn the wake up. He's been shooting the wake. We will catch you there because that's long to the moment. Yeah, really have it around. And they're excited today. We're here at the venue. Everybody's outside because they're really good at one of those in. It's now 5'8". And the start of the 8'10". It's all right. It's like the bus. That doesn't look promising. Everybody's turning up quite breezy. Everybody. This is good spirits. My guys are looking at all. I'm very happy we're already been excited for the show. It's a completely good one. We've got Louisbury. We've got supposed to be here. We can't wait to show up. We can't wait to show up. We're trying to stop on stage. Which we're good. I'm just about there. I think we're just going to go in. And then we're going to show us. We're going to go to the random guy. So here. The teams like the theatre. It's actually pretty cool. It's good setup. The stage is good. Lightens good. Louis is just a little restaurant on stage. And the trophies come out really well. So these will be handed out to the over with us. Old school trophies. The condition coaches come. I'm very excited. Guys are being tanned now. We're going to go to the show on the road. So for nearly. It's just like a final look at the auction. It just had its final construction. It's just made sure if it's good. And then the stage comes. The bomb's like stage. Man just employed it. My theatre check. Everybody's good. I love it. It's so nice. I love it. It's so nice. The TV is hot. It's a real good stage. I got it. I like it. I like it. It's a really nice. Yeah. I like it. I like it. I like it. It's a nice stage. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I really like it. These are questions. It was surprisingly two minutes before recording the impossible part. Okay, Once, Please a tight silence at pack the sequence. Where's the clay? Why don't you go to the right? Why don't you go to the back? It's nervous, but it's quick. It's about catching the ball before. Another ball. cancellators index note We are all back, tomorrow no wonder we've been here a long time. Let's hold this Wait for a moment. What's up, everyone? Thank you guys for your advice, thank you. After the victory... it's okay name one It is ordered that they use it. But Gareth should not bring their coat on the turn. for Josh difficult? meaning that on winter today moving on ops the overall son of them want to want to've both their notes I'm Martin Winston. But they could only be one winner today. So Martin, have a Lewis please take the trophy and the title of the men's of 40 building a champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. Two, athlete number, one, two, one, then what does that all? The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. The champion of the NPC world life condition purchase code. to allow that to be continual progression. So as you hit a roadblock, the Stomloo block, you can be fighting that for weeks, try to reset the reset and how you feel. Just keeping everybody smooth, comfortable position, but not those things to aggressively offer blocks. You're going to keep that steady progressing. Always works. Yes, guys, that is it. The first regional of the year, the conditions could just cut. Has come to an end. It's been a fantastic day. Incredible turnout. Some fantastic athletes really, really good. Yeah, obviously the Ben Weed is in the couple of weeks. We've got fever next week. You know, all these guys and girls that have come here today, they've got all the intentions of going for that pro-card. So we've got high quality standard here today. My guys, my guys look really good today. They've all turned up and all four of them. They've actually brought the best package to date. Mikey, Josh, Matt and Dom. Okay. Two mentors, one classic, one super. It's been a busy day for me. I'm very impressed with everybody. It's been a bit of a manic day. You're one of the roundest ones. But start at the season. It just gives that a little bit of a vibe for the rest of the season. Set's the tone and it's like before it. We also had Jenny here as well. Here's one of the passion. I show so you can come to the neighborhood. I'll go see her and she's done the device. So that's it from us. We're going to go home and sleep well. I'm going to sleep. But likes are being turned off. I'm going to eat. She's doing the week. We have an eat in the whole day. But that's about it. I'm going to catch you. See you.