Here, let's go! Hey, when I put up the murder, how's squared that a slave? My wife, me, is the morning last semester, but I'm doing some facial that big rugby, and the key was okay today, and she's on her show, and she's had a win. So first time down, first win, say, amazing. That's it, and we'll see you next six months in the match. Wow, I've tried the anxiety all the way, which I've always been here with. I've bought something. Yeah, I think I'll call a few times. I'll find out when it's you be. So, let me send first up, first check in on the end, and enjoy her state, she said. She's had some life, and she's actually high, so she's been the son of a last time, she's been a son. We've been seen the first two team, we have something you're on the beat, we can reach a big deal of heart. I'm the other one. She had that sort of thing. And you must see her as a last name. I've got a little bit of a little point below, yeah. Contemporary technique, the boring way of that, that thing, and all food wasn't the last time. And you're just come off your side, and you're still, but I still believe in them, and I'm always in the period, and I'm sure we can. This is the thing, isn't that for you? I've got it up to you, because it's been to be on the day, yeah. Let's give you a few days to understand what you've heard on a little bit, blow to you guys. It's all the lead up to you, isn't it? Yeah, and we've been to most of the most of the course, kind of, the lead up to you, so that you're, like, low heavy symptoms, or any of that, some of your, at least, have what happens, I don't believe. And now I'm happy to love you, but more than, I think, let's enjoy your on-estance. So that's Lisa, done, that's the looking really good, so much better position. Last time, I was all eating at school, so I'm happy with that. And the next week, free day to turn that. So, gonna check over, Naomi and Chloe, they're both bikini, and then, and she's probably been more full of it, to be in the peeing quite a lot. And then we are done for the night. So like that is, Lisa, the judges are like that. Guess what, I did last night. I think. This is not a funny thing. I think I did last night, but I was a little bit more full bad. I was just now, I was a little bit more close, isn't it? I'm a little more close. So yeah, I got close right, so give me a couple of hours. I'm going to take a photo to get my full bad. I think I'm still leaving the record tips. What are the more things? I'm actually not a big fan of this. I'm not a big fan of this. I'm not a big fan of this. I'm not a big fan of this. I'm not a big fan of this. So that's why I'm not a big fan of this. I'm a big fan of this. Yeah, yeah. I'm a big fan of this. But you can't go and hang out with me, no one knows this for a year. I'm not a big fan of this. I'm not a big fan of this. But I don't know if I'm a big fan of this. I'm a big fan of this. Why didn't the columns work like that? I've been here at the UK, the FBA show. I've got four ladies here today. On all of the models, it's fantastic because of the parents this year. She's an on-first thing. Someone has to have a third and not seen her visuals, everything will be on. She's just really good. You can pick that up more for this show. Just because it's really net-and-and, for me, she knows that's really what she's doing. She's doing a little bit. She's going to get a little bit. She will get a bit. The main one is, I reach out for that. It's big. I mean, hardly will be going there. It's like a hot-out of a hinn. And the end reading is about four of that, I'll carry it to try and get her. I'll go and do a massage. So that's what you're really going to get trip. Also, if I can marry each other, I can get another collaboration. Not probably to me, if I have an Edwin's, she's at UK BFF today. It's her French wine, too. So she's done the regional, in fact, the regional goes the British style. So they again, the regional with a really peak here, who don't know who we're in there at the week after for the British. So this time, peekin' her, she's checked in. And she's looking really good. Really good. Really good. We're going to play this one, and she's not wanting to go out for free. Maybe so. Because of this trip and in some food for her, I keep going on. I know a lot of others should have given her a couple of presents. I think that's a good one. We're going to play this one, and she's looking really good. We're going to play this one. We're going to play this one. We're going to play this one. We're going to play this one. We're going to play this one. Yeah. The heat when you will fire, let it go get the game. You're feeling like I'm flowing, I'm not feeling the moment I swaka to let it take. They never believed that that would really fly. They go chemistry. I had to set them straight. We were going to play. Will they come, bond, we're gonna pray at five. They're coming. It's 4 a let's go. A close one. Three, two, one, four. Yeah, they're coming. Yeah, I think that's a lot of fun. Yeah, that's cheap. That's just cool. I know the bad guys. I think that's a lot of fun. That's a lot of fun. That's a lot of fun. That's a lot of fun. Yeah, that's a lot of fun. That's just a lot of fun. Okay, two more seconds. Oh, we've got some sauce. Love it. Yeah. That's a lot of fun. That's a lot of fun. I think that's a lot of fun. I think that's what I'm saying. That's a lot of fun. We've got a lot of fun. Yeah. Okay. That's just a lot of fun. I don't know what's the other way to say that. No, I just thought that was a lot of fun. Yeah. That's a lot of fun. That's a lot of fun. And I know they don't have a pretty good clue. I've tried to turn back. It's looking like months and months. Yeah. It's a pretty good idea. I'm probably still feeling like I'm editing it again. Maybe I'm like, I'm really writing my super-methicine knowledge. Yeah, it's a little bit too slow. I'm not sure if it's your first time. Yeah. There we start out. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not sure. I just feel like I'm just making sure that's where you're going to work. Yeah. Yeah. Because once you get that, you're going to start. Yeah. Yeah. I'll let you know that you're going to have a full day of the pre-month. There's a lot of fun. Yeah. I'm going to get on work. Yeah. Nice. Yeah. And then, let's go back. Yeah. Yeah. Let's go! Hello! Why am I coming here? Can someone have an important time? Do it, I'm a food em' mouse Watch me, they take two Raise your post to the go, yeah I've got a do it, I'm a food em' mouse So stay paid for see a show Got the sound, all the flow, yeah If I've got a do it, I'm a food em' mouse Watch me, they take three No, raise a post to the go, yeah Gotta do it, I'm a be the best You can't let I got the rest of it Master my creator of this high-five energy Only thin I'm loy a poo is put on the leg Go see, so quit test me Love a car, I'm a thing I'm a provider No, but I'm not sure saying they lay me no aside But imagine they lay, right next to you, right Way the sun gets feelin' paid, price goin' high, yeah Yeah, I've got a do it, I'm a food em' mouse So stay paid for see a show Got the sound, all the flow, yeah If I've got a do it, I'm a food em' mouse Watch me, they take three No, raise a post to the go, yeah Gotta do it, I'm a food em' mouse So stay paid for see a show Got the sound, all the flow, yeah If I've got a do it, I'm a food em' mouse Watch me, they take three No, raise a post to the go, yeah Yeah, yeah Yeah, it takes a lot to be the best Oh Oh and go Where's the trophy? Yeah. I take the trophy. I take the trophy. I take the trophy. I take the trophy. I take the trophy. So what you know, right in that same is these cats. I think of me they never have a mind in their beeswax. I don't know the cat, but I'm wearing like three hats. Never been a rat, but I know where the cheese hat. You'll never get a trophy because they all hit with weed. Yeah, you better believe that. When it's all said and done, I still be here standing. Never took a loss and it ain't something that I'm planning. I dig it to say something, my hope is insane. One, every dog has his things, been miles his day. One, this is real riding, I'm still climbing. Why you still trying, I'm still shining, this real blinding. And I'm getting out of two, talking top two. I'm not a two, you love the pressure, bother you. What not, do what I gotta do, let's go home. They ain't coming so soon, me. Flow is on the timing, I'm starting, if I use the porch, reach the hardest out. Stay in loyal, no falling out. And if you step into the court, be ready, we're falling. The coldest of teens, they know we bring on shys. We know between, we go for these dreams, the sightless. How work, don't let's take it from magic. You need to shoot in the gym. This is tight and I'm practicing. Okay, so far we've had, though we're on a junior vacation, although it's second, she's absolutely open-moved. Love is one of the phase when she's waiting for that. So then that was a really good result. We've had links to Anne and Amy on six hours in the class. Yeah. So we have, um, this is what's saying, I'm sad because there's just bad news today. We're absolutely safe, so we've got to be no further. We've got to be no further. She did a basketball event, but she had a really good ass off. And then we had her name again. She's been in half the age for us, I'm a trophy, and again, she knows that she was really good, so I've been happy with that. I'm doing it, I ain't just here, but then... I'm gonna pay not the way I am. And then, she's gonna say, I'm gonna pay. I'm gonna pay. I'm gonna pay. So what's next, we get it, we do a test of it. What's next? We're literally on the water, find the plants. What's ahead and the snack hunt? I've got cat food, food, everyone's sorted, so it's nice to pay when it's myself. Um, she's been walking. Work again. Sir, the fuck are you good today? Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Go again. Let's go. Let's go. Okay, realize it's been a few hours ladies, so thank you for waiting. Not every body on the stage is smiling, we need to have a little go. This is a good moment, like every go ladies. For the time to the mic. What about the steps, and today? I love it. I guess the arms is going to pull from the fast to figure out why it's going to be quite this. I think she's over there, but it's all under my face. I'm ready to roll, ready to roll my top. Let's go up to the thing. We're getting ready to go home now, we're in a long day, we need to get on the road. We'll all climb and compete, which we're going to stop for a second. I will have to come. So we're going to... I'm going to sort this out. I'm going to go home. Right, wrap up for the day people. We're starting off with Chloe, she was first on in Genie bikini. She did exceedingly well, she's absolutely in with the road. It's our first season and we're going to wait a second in Britain. It's absolutely phenomenal. I was going to go home with Chloe, until next week we had Lisa and Naomi both in Massive bikini. Lisa and Naomi both on Fantastic The World Best Package, both over the moon of how they lived. We got four foot full Naomi and sick police. What we've realized actually in the place in Zah, out of the ladies, the top free her place, was a different kind of her Zika and built to Naomi and Lisa, which is not bad thing. It's a different federation, different criteria and we're going to go with maybe slow federation. Next year, they asked a lot of email masks in their more conditions. So it's something that we're going to trial and that's like I said over the moon with their place in Zah. And then last but not least, at the UK DFBA, was Anne. Again, Anne came with four of Britain and our fantastic lineup as well. All the lineup is this year at the British was fantastic, really good standard. And Anne is over the moon because she's moved up from bikini to figure out athlete and that's so much she really wanted to do. So she's achieved not only and moved up in her category division but also placed in that bush. So over the moon as well. We did have Oxie Carrie and Chloe confusing on the same day. And I didn't have also Nicki competing day before. So a bit of a round of that Nicki did over 45 Masters bikini. Her second time on stage and came away with a win and then came back to the British for Fitt X. And then we had Chloe at, what was it doing? UK DFF. Chloe was over the moon as well. So she normally does home to figure. But this time she did body fitness. So it is a big category. Up against some more muskler physique. And she came away with her. So she's over the moon with that two in a strong lineup. And she ends her season now. After two in the same way shows. We had Carrie who is actually aiming for her pro-cloth as she embasses her win. But she jumped on PCA just to see where she is in regards to divisions again. She actually went into athletic due to the fact that her condition wasn't there for trained. But she's now realized that will be realized actually that she does not fit in athletic. She came sick. Again that will leverage as fantastic as she wasn't in a athletic vision. She stuck up on a sore bum because of my muscle maturity and density she has there. So it is a case for Carrie. She ever does any sort of PCA shows that she needs to be there. We need to get her now before jumping up and not to do athletic again and just think to train. And that's where our heart lies as well. She's actually absolutely loved to train. And she's really happy with what we're doing. And hopefully if you more weeks time we get that her car. You You You You You