Alright, so what's the new year? 2025. And a lot of you guys want to step your game up in a new year. You sick of losing like you did last year. And the year is prior. It's time to end the chain of failure that you call life. And now we're going to take it to the next level in a sin of the mountop of what greatness. These are going to have as you need to make this year the best year of your life. The first thing you need to do, track every dollar you spend. I've been doing this since 15 years. You can watch all videos from me from 10 years ago doing live streams. I was telling people that I track every dollar I spend and every dollar I make in a software called mid.com. Now, mid.com shut down. Now we use something called monarchy. They do not pay me to endorse them. But I will take the money if you fucking nerds are listening. Matter of fact, you owe me money. It's going to be a problem when I see you because I've been shouting you out you lame. Nobody reached out to me to break me off some bread yet. Now it's a fucking problem anyway. We're using monarchy. And what you do is you link up all your accounts, all your credit cards and best of the accounts, bank accounts. And you get a clear picture of your whole financial life. You can see where all your money is going. Every time I start working with an entrepreneur who wants my help, that's the first thing we do. We hook up everything to that. And then I make them go in there and categorize everything. Now, it categorizes things for you and certain aspects that I make them come up with different categories. What's up that you use just for fun? Well, one of the things I do is categorize everything that you need to spend money on every month like you have to because there we can get an idea of what this guy needs every month to survive. What's extra? What's he spending money on bullshit? You know, a lot of single guys, I'm like, I make him categorize that how much you spend on dating or girls. I did this with one, not a friend or man. He had made a million dollars, but he didn't have a whole lot of money. It's bank account. I made him have a whole category for hoes. And we found out this motherfuck spent like $70,000 dollars on hoes. Not prostitutes. You know, flying bitches, places, buying gifts, you know, taking them out. Now, like, man, what's he worth? And you know, I didn't like hate on him because I had been here to our member, I did more than that in one month. And I was like, whoa, I need to get my shit together. I need to get a girlfriend. That's what I did because it's cheap. But there's also a scientific reason for it. So here's a study I'm going to bring up where the participants, they were told to track their spending. Just their spending in an app. There's a lot of them to do it. I like my dark motherfuckers are going to pay me. All right, even if I got to go get it in blood. They had to track, start tracking their spending. And they reduced their spending by 16% just by tracking. This is a fucking university study. Now, if you say, let me show you why this happened during the industrial revolution. There was already factories. There's a factory on the drawing. I know I'm a great artist. It's trying to get too distracted. Right? Henry Ford and Autumn Boyz. It was build in factories, man. You know, there was revolutionizing industry. Some factories were way more productive than others. Right? So they hired his researcher as do name Hawthorne. Hawthorne was the fucking science nerd. And he went to every one of these factories. He was like, yo, workers, don't do nothing. We're just going to observe you and then try to figure out why some of these factories are more productive than others. Right? Hawthorne noticed was every time he went to a new factory, him in his homey's productivity shot up like it's skyrocket. And as soon as he left, guess what happened? Yeah, it went down. And what they noticed was the mere act of being observed improves performance. Wabs, when you start tracking your finances every day, like in a dog, you're going to make better decisions on what you're spending on. Right? Remember when you was in school grade school with some, I remember I was like fifth grade or something. When the teacher was there, everybody's being good boys and girls, learning and fucking algebra, whatever kids learned in fifth grade, time staples, I don't know. So when you start acting crazy, man, niggas is in the classroom, rolling, blunts, bitches is twerk in his shit. And then, he comes back and goes back to being good boys and girls. I don't know if it was like that, where you grew up, but I grew up on South Side of Chicago, those kids are now all. Are you the gang member's strippers or one of them? A YouTuber. That's how the Hawthorne effect works. If it this, you're the observer once you start tracking stuff, you are the observer, so you what improve performance. And the study's the back to sub is not just me saying it. Track every dollar you spend. And you'll start making better decisions with your finances. Have a number two. You have to work more and invest the difference. So we're going to start working on the weekends because most people only work 40 hours a week, but it's really less according to the Bureau of Labor and Statistics to average American works 36 hours per week. Look, because not even charming. Imagine if you push that to 60 or 80, those extra 20 plus hours start the compound over time. And this creates a massive separation between you and your mother fucking competition. And you'll be making way more money because you're getting 20 plus more hours of work per month. And remember, we're not increasing our lifestyles. If you do that, you'll have like an additional 1,000 hours per year. That's essentially in cram in 1.5 years of work into one year. That's how you start really moving ahead. By moving faster, you're in a race, you want to get ahead of the competition, but you got to go fast. Now I get a lot of pushback from this. I say, hey, if you want to get rid of you should work more. Oh, fuck, hey, don't be for saying this. This one guy, man. He made a video about, and he said, oh, no, man. You're just going to work for every, you're going to be a slave. No, no, no, no. And you work so you're not a slave. They appreciate your, he said this on a YouTube video and posted it. The world to see. He said, the happiest people behind the world on welfare. Boom, shit. I grew up on the South Side of Chicago. I knew plenty people on welfare. And they were not the happiest people I ever met. No sir. And in fact, when your kids grow up in poverty, it has negative ramifications on your children. Kids who come from low income families have higher rates of incarceration, drug abuse, depression, and mental disorders, significantly higher than kids who come from middle class, households or wealthy households. In fact, kids who come from wealthy households have significantly more successful outcomes statistically than any other demographic. Right? What's up with that nerd was talking about? That's just cop. We don't want to cope, man. We want to work. I didn't know that working hard. It was a controversial thing. The use of the get time, people actually respected men in work hard. People looked up to them. Families were proud of men who work hard. And men were, took pride in working hard. Provided for their families, being able to take care of their parents. By your mama house, by your mama car, senior kids to the best schools. It was the time when this was valued. But it seemed like that's lost the pie. The young generation, and that's good for us. Because now we can fuck your run circles around you. Dumb asses. We get run laps around these dipshits. I hope that that video he may go viral. And more mother fuckers drop out is going to get easy for us to succeed. We're going to work on the weekends because working is a good thing. When people say they don't want to work, it's like, oh, don't you understand? If you work for yourself or another business, that business is providing some service or product. Well, other people. Right even if you're a fucking buzzer driver, man, you're helping people get transportation that they otherwise wouldn't have been able to do. Right? Our new robes little on the bus to go see family members. I wouldn't be able to see them family members if there wasn't buzz drivers. Right? You're actually helping people when you work. That's the only way you can get money. You can't make it. People have to give it to you in exchange for product or service that they think is what valuable. If you're not working, you're literally not providing value. Work is a good thing. Don't let these fucking doubles. Tell you anything differently. So we're going to work on the weekends. Provide more value. More money. But you may be thinking, hey, I don't got time for that. Brandon, I'm a bitch. Well, bitch, here's what you're going to do. You're going to start planning out every hour of every day in your calendar. I plan out every hour of every day. I'm telling you, this is the cheat code of life. If you learn nothing else from this video, do that. Start planning out every hour of every day. Because when I feel people to work more, they say shit like, oh, man, I don't want to neglect sleep or my health or my family. I don't want you to do that either. You got enough time to do all that shit. You're just squandering your time. Now that I know that, what if you're not planning out every hour every day, you're leaving so much excess on the table, you can get so much more done each day. It's your choreograph. I have it in here when I'm awake out, when I'm going to go to bed, when my meals are, when I'm going to work out, when I'm going to be with my girlfriend, when I'm going to see my son. I plan it. I plan everything. Me and my son was in fucking Disney World with the passes that allowed us to jump in front of everybody, even the dorks with the lightning pass. Think they doing something. We got in front of them, too. I planned out my calendar. Oh, man, we're going to spend a week at the magic kingdom. So we did that. I plan out the days I was doing my son. I plan out the time I'll be with my girlfriend, my family. I plan out time I'm going to work out. I'm planning out time I'm going to eat. You know, your mother's book is not busy or to me. You don't run a business with 40 employees. You've got to job, bro. You get to clock out. You've got more time. I'm telling you, you're not busy or to me. Unless you've got like 15 kids. You can steal plan out your days and you'll get more time. You might not have as much time as me or much time as someone else, but you'll have more time. You'll be able to find more time to accomplish your goals. Plan out every hour of every day in your calendar. But once your day has structure, one, you'll notice that you'll get more done. Obviously, right? You'll be able to accomplish more. If you do it every day, you'll run laps around my focus. But also what you'll notice is your days will be more fun. It was a time when I worked for a movie and coming. I remember it. Some guys would try to do as little as they can when they work for the movie coming. I had a few days like that in the beginning. Those days would work. It was way more boring and more arduous when I was doing less. But then I kind of realized how important the job was. I was like, oh man, these people are trusting me to pack up everything they own. Put it in the car and drive it to their new home. We're going to raise a family and live and this is an important job. And I started thinking, pride in the work and all that. I'm going to do this job the best I can. The fun thing is it became more fun. If you pack your whole day like that, the day will be fun. I did not remember the last time I was bored. But that is a motion that I have not experienced in over a decade. And honestly, there's no time to get sad either. I remember it when I got serious about doing this was after my father committed suicide. And you know, he left a huge mess. Financial mess for the family and I'm in the man at the house. So I like our shit. I started working like four different jobs. Take our help, take our family out of this financial hole we were in because you know, you throw your brains out. You don't get life insurance from our fucking otherwise people do that all the time. It'd be a cheat code. I would say I'm not lying. I would say I would find moments to be sad, but I wasn't as sad as I would have been if I was doing nothing all day. Right? I had shit to do. And I made sure I stayed busy and I wasn't really sad, man. People like that you never had time to grieve. You never had time to write a name. I just didn't need to grieve like that. Like I'm chilling. You enjoy life more when you're busy. Muffles would be chilling me bored to shit. And that's why they look for a scapeysome. That's why they got to get fucking drunk high. Have casual sex. They need always need a vacation, man. Because they're fucking chillin' so much to get you or made the chill. We were made to work. We were made to be busy. Or something. It doesn't have to be working. You could be trying to learn guitar or learning a language or playing with your kids or doing whatever. But we're not made to fucking do nothing. And the more you do, the more you enjoy life. But it's not about enjoying life. Just saying the video about how to be happy. But this video about a compulsion more. The next habit you need is start tracking your fucking macros. Tracking improves performance. All right. So this is a study done by Duke University. And what they did is they had a bunch of fat boys. All they did was have them track their macros and calories for three months. They didn't give them no diet plan. They didn't say hey be in a court deficit. They didn't say do intermittent fast in, Mediterranean diet, keto, go vegan, none of that shit. They just say hey, fat boy. Just fucking track what you eat instead of putting anything in your mouth like a whore, what you've been doing your whole life. They didn't give them workout plan or nothing. And on average, the participants lost 5,000, 3 months. Now, 5 pounds of 3 months is not a lie. Until you remember, they had no fucking diet plan. They had no workout plan. The only change they made was they started tracking their fucking calories. So when you're tracking, you are the observer like the Hawthorne effect and that will have to do these people start making better decisions like, oh, maybe I'm not going to eat that fucking cake if I can't track it. Now, it is very important. Start tracking your macros. And then now if you want to lose weight, this is why it's really important because losing weight is just math. But let's say you were tracking this shit, right? And you're tracking how many calories you can sue every day. And I'm like, okay, man, I'm doing like 2,500 calories a day and not bad. All right. Let's say you had a goal to you are trying to lose weight, 2,500 calories. That's how many calories you can do. Cause sue me each day. Let's take you take a sit next up. We start tracking how many calories you burn each day. So what I do is I wear the thing is called the ordering. The apple watch does this. I'm sure that. Samsung watch does that. Or yeah, but you can do it a fit bit or the whore, whatever. But I'm like, look, it like I'm wearing a lot of fucking dirty technology. I rather just wear the ordering. I wear a watch that doesn't track my heart rate, but it increases your beaches hard rate. All right. Anyway, let's say you got some sort of finish tracking. You track how many calories you burn each day. Now remember, every pound of fat you want to lose. You have to burn 3500 calories. 3500 calories equals one pound of fat. So this makes it super simple. Oh, man, all I gotta do is burn 3000 calories each day. And if I do that, as you can see, this thing does the calculations for me is he cause I'm in a calorie deficit of 500 each day. Just with that equals your right. 3500. You're burning a pound of fat per week. Now we're doing better than what the Duke nerds had them do, right? Cause now we're being more conscious. Let's say we want to step it up and say, fuck man, I want to burn 2 pounds of fat a week. That's not crazy. People do it all the time. What then? I just have to burn more calories, man. Let's go with, um, I gotta burn 3500 calories per day. Which is not a fucking lot. I mean, maybe it is for you, fat boy cause you out of shape. All right, then it's just mad. 70,000 calories is 2 pounds of fat. Let's say you're trying to gain weight. You can do the same thing, you just reverse it. You also want to track the protein intake as well. There's something in description that's called the Victory Vision planner. All right, and this is free. And if you want to go to the Victory Vision planner, it has a video on how to use it, right? But I'm gonna say, you go to the success track, right? And here is a free notion template. You can download it for free. You can start tracking a bunch of shit. How many hours you worked each day? You're income. How many hours of sleep you get each night? And you can add stuff to this as well. You can make your own habit tracker. Did you work out today? Then it was cool is you can put in your calories here. I put formulas in here for you to automatically add zero. So let's say you're tracking your macros. Let's say you only had 50 cars. Let's say he's doing like a keto type thing. Very 50 cars. It changes the calories he consumed each day. So this is dynamic. This does it for you. Then you can track how many calories you burn each day. You know, let's say he burned more in this day. As you can see, if you look at the column to the left, it's dynamic and it moves for you. But it also is cool about here. You can actually put your weight in here. I have a graph in here. And this graph is dynamic. Now I'm listening. He lost a ton of fucking weight on the last day. It's not realistic by just going to show you. But you see the graph moves. So this way, you can actually get a visual representation of your progress. And then you can track your income as well. How much money you make each day? You can see it's total for the month. All right. Cool. Let me change to this state. You may fucking 10 down the other day. This day, he got a big deal. But you see the graph moves. And this way, you can do a visual representation of what's going on. This is free. And it's in the description. If you're not tracking, just slack it. Right. And remember, the whole thing would affect the mere act of tracking these things will improve your performance. Download that big three vision planner is free. And it's also a thing, something that we can plan out your goals and explain it in the video to attach to it. But you can plan out your goals. It's very important. People don't plan to fail. They fail the plan. The next habit you need to build is you want to start reading at least one book a week. The reason this is important, it accelerates your learning curve. One book a week is start the compound over time. So I've been reading two books a week for a long time. But I think a speed reading course when I was very young and suck and read a little fascinating. But like read one book, it doesn't matter if it's the audio book or whatever, just consume a whole book. And books are better YouTube than fucking hate. When people say, man, oh, just watch YouTube videos or book and blow a post or whatever. He looks like or listen to podcasts. It's not the same dipshit. I'm fucking freestyle in this video. For example, this book I wrote here, Ultimate Cuts. You see on Amazon, it's the one with like 4,000 fossil reviews. It's only 100 pages, but this should look like almost a year for me to write in perfect right? Because it's consolidated collection of thoughts and it's more well thought out than a motherfucking YouTube video. If you see my boy Ryan Holliding, you know, it's the homey media autographs of books when it comes out of sins and to me, just, you know, it's not a big deal to worry about. Anyway, he has videos about how he writes his books. It's fucking months and months of research. So much goes into a book. Motherfuckers are freestyle in podcast. Bro, it's not the same information. And the YouTubers I put now fucking YouTube videos every week or month of the night, me every day, it's good information and it's helpful. It's not the same as reading, brother. This song guys would say, man, I've never read. I've never read, I'm just rich. Right? And maybe they're smarter than me. Right? But if they're smarter than me, they're smarter than you. That's for God damn sure. Or you're fucking lying. These are just, just pretend you're the man. He is and you didn't learn from no one else. That sounds cooler. But now I mean, you've got to read. You know, Elon Musk, he reads all the time. He's a genius. He's a fucking genius. He's a voracious reader. Motherfuckin' Bill Gates. He has read invakations. He'll take a bunch of books and go to the fucking outs or some get a cab and you just read and come back with ideas. It's so important. All these ideas start the compound. And now you'll be able to think clear and you'll be able to connect different dots when you read things and learn more information. And it's sharpens you mentally. It breathing improves your memory. It proves your focus and your critical thinking. This is like proven. It's not debatable. So you must accept. Man, I can't focus. I can't focus. Every time someone tells me, that's the person I know who doesn't read. Because reading sharpens your focus. So even a side from just learning the training of reading. It enhances your problem-solving ability. The books offer different perspectives. It expands your ability to solve complex problems. Because now you have more reference points and you've been exposed to different perspectives than just your dumbass friends or your poor mom. You wonder why you can't think of no good ideas because you only talk about to get dumbass friends in your poor mom. You can actually get the thoughts and the experience of experts in one critical thing can get their experiences in a book. Anything you want to learn, somebody's done it already and they probably wrote a book about it. Because they were fucking paid to, right? They're financially compensated and they should be. And they wrote a book about it. For example, Ray Dileau was one of my heroes. I'm gonna somebody I look up to. He runs the largest hedge fund of all time. He wrote a book about how he saw his problems and his principles of life. He's a goddamn billionaire. So I get the benefit of all of his experience. Without having to go through the fucking drama, he went through experience is the best teacher. But it doesn't have to be your experience. You can capitalize on other people's experience. Read one book a week and sometimes people say, man, if you read that much, how do you retain it? Every time someone says that, oh, you don't read, nigga. You worried about the wrong shit. Let me ask you a question. When you watch a fucking movie, do you remember every word in a movie? No. But you know what it was about. You can tell me the plot, right? That's what readings a book about. You're not gonna be able to recite this shit verbatim. And that's not the goal. Your goal is to get the principles and the overarching ideas and then build that into your lexicon of ideas. And this way you'll be able to bring that experience that you got from someone else. Their experience and to the gear problems that you're trying to solve or your life. And it improves your vocabulary. This may come as a shock to some of you guys. But I actually dumb down my vocabulary when I'm making these videos in order for you dumb motherfucking scientist standard because study show when you speak at a fucking lower grade level. Motherfuck is understanding better. It's actually more compelling because the average Americans IQ was only about 100 fucking dummies. Right? That means that half of the population is to the left that that bill curve. So I gotta talk to everybody. But if you want to be smarter, it's gonna improve your vocabulary immensely. That's also why I curse more too. The grad viewer are fucking attention because you motherfuck has had the attention spans of a coped up goldfish. Most of you dipshits can't even wait for the microwave time to go off without checking your fucking Instagram. So sometimes I curse or add comedic humor as well as dumb and down my vocabulary in order for you. Coffey motherfuck is understanding. The next habit. Nathan incorporating it life is surfing coach hours. You know, I say that at the risk of sounding like a budget David Goggins. I'm not telling you to do this. So you can beat tough, right? I don't need you to be a fucking GI gel. There's real data as to why coal showers are beneficial. For example, people who take coal showers actually get sick less. There was a study where they had the participants take coal showers for 90 days. Only some of the participants take coal showers for 90 days. And then what they noticed was the people who took coal showers got sick significantly less after that. Enduring the time here is a study basically. The effect of cold showers, health work, randomized control. They call them sick a lot less. So it approves your immune system. You know, you may have heard in the past that, man, when it's cold outside, I get sick. Temperature doesn't make you sick dummy. That's the no fucking wives tell. If temperature made people sick, then everybody would catch the flu after they did a fucking coal plunge. All right, viruses and bacteria make you sick. The reason people get sicker and the winter is because we spend more time indoors with each other and we're spreading viruses and bacteria among each other is more effectively. And people get less exposure to the sun, right? And the lack of vitamin D lowers people's immune system causing me to sick more. I haven't been sick in eight years. Not the whole reason. But a part of that is I take coal showers. I think coal showers every day, right? But I didn't start taking it for the immune system. I started taking it because it actually improves your mood. Well, a lot of people noticed I was diagnosed with bipolar two when I was younger. And after do certain things to regulate my mood, a lot of that comes down to regulating your hormones, the neurochemicals that are going off in your brain. Because emotions are just collections of different neurocapital schools going off in your brain. Dope and me, epinephrine, oxytotin, serotonin, things like that. Different combination of these is what an emotion is. So I approached my bipolar from a neuroscience perspective and one thing I wanted to do was increase my dopamine levels. And there are studies that show basically coal showers are treatment for depression. Ice bass was one of the first depression treatments before the drugs and pharmaceuticals were invented. They would have people getting in the ice bass or fucking freeze and cold water. And what they noticed was their mood improve and it started curing people of depression. And the science behind it as well. You know, you can read this at my own time, doork. But basically, cold immersion can increase dopamine levels up to 200%. So it actually increases your dopamine levels temporarily. And this is very important. This is other health benefits as well. But I think those are the main reasons why you want to take cold showers. One didn't increase his dopamine. If you dopamine increases, you'll be in a better mood. You'll be happier and you'll have more drive. When people say, man, I'm just not motivated. That's somebody who is very low dopamine. When you dopamine levels are high, you're super motivated and you're ready to get accurate. So you need to increase dopamine with cold exposure. So I'll take cold showers every day. I'll do cold plunges. I do cryo therapy. And that's my preferred cold exposure method. And it helps me wake up in the morning as well. You get a spike of nor a pernephrine and a little bit of adrenaline when you're immersed in that cold water. Because remember, emotions are just neurochemicals. And if you can naturally manipulate your own neurochemicals, then you can manipulate your own mood. So again, if you take those cold showers, you'll get sick less and get sick is fucking wag. Suck a shit. Every time I hear a muff up, you're in sick. And I'm like, ah, you were pussy. Stop getting sick and coach hours to help you with that. Because when you're sick and not doing what? Making money. You're not making money if you're sick. Baby, I'm just sitting in eight years because it's fucking wag. Next thing you need to do is walk every day. It sounds like some hippie bullshit, but just work with me. After my father come into the side. So people were like, they branded maybe she's talked to a therapist. So I wouldn't talk to a therapist. It wasn't really that helpful for me. But the one thing that was helpful, he recommended that I walk every day without headphones. No music, no phone or nothing. Phone doesn't really pop in like that we had to zip phones and shit, but no devices. And he said, go for it 30 minute walk every day. Just be alone with your thoughts. That was super helpful. And when I would notice when I went on these walks, especially alone and I just went my thoughts. I started coming with ideas. Problems would get solved. It helps with creativity. It helps you get your thoughts together. I don't want to journal or shit like that because I'm a jean. But I found it's super beneficial to walk every day. Just from my mental health standpoint. I found it's super beneficial. Just go for 30 minute walk every day. I do it every morning. I walk out, I go outside. You know, I live right on the ocean. You notice the ocean front Miami condo. So I walk outside on the ocean. I see manatees. They come say with some manatees. So everyone's watching your dolphin. You know, the sea creatures. They come in this show. It's a dope way to start today. Get it popping. You know, in this study, people who walked for 20 minutes a day outside, 43% fewer sick days. They noticed that study had to prove their immune system. So this is probably another reason why I never get sick. Another reason I don't get sick. This is not advice. What I'm about to say, but I do. I've been doing keto for eight years. And study showed it. Keto, Jenny died and proves your immune system when they put animals on keto. They live longer. I shit. Anyway, this will help you. Because get remember getting sick is why. Next have it. Get a trainer. If you struggle with your weight or if you're struggling with getting kind of safe, you want to get in. Get a trainer, man. And if you never had a trainer, even if you know how to work out, get a trainer for a year. When I first started working out when I was 16, I was reading, you know, magazines. We didn't have the internet. It wasn't really out. But I was reading magazines, reading books, which are probably better than internet. On fitness. And I was making progress that first year. But then I went home for one summer. I wasn't military school, right? So I went home for one summer. So I was a friend of the family. It's got an Aaron Muhammad. And he was voted number one trainer Chicago. And he was a friend of the family. So he liked trained me for the summer for free. You know, just because he was showing me love. He was like, I took me under his wing. During that time, I made so much more progress than when I was working out among. And I learned so much that I took with me. If you have a goal that you're serious about, you should get some sort of coach or some sort of trainer to help you with it. Because this thing about it, you don't know. It's called unconscious incompetence. Right? So this is the incompetence quadrant. Unconscious incompetence. This means this stuff you don't know that you don't know. Then there's conscious incompetence. This is better because at least you know this shit you don't know. Then there's conscious competence. There's some stuff you know you know. And master is unconscious competence, right? Like you can do it on command. It's like ex and Michael Jordan to dribble. Good heaven or ball and tell me dribble. Like he doesn't have to think about it. A lot of you motherfuckers are on this side of the curve. Where you think you know some shit because you watch some fucking YouTube videos. When you get a real trainer, someone who's really working with you, they're going to show you stuff that you didn't know that you didn't know. They're going to notice things in your form or they're going to notice things in your training. Embalysis you had that you don't even know that you don't know it. Leave it to train for a few months. If you get a good trainer, it's really going to step up your game. But most of you guys aren't tracking your calories, your macros. If you get one who could track your macros and all this stuff, man, it's really going to help you out. You're going to make more progress than those three months in your day. All last year combined if you never had a trainer before. I promise you I guarantee you come back to this video and tell me I guarantee you. You want to do that with everything. When I was first learning to play guitar, I was watching YouTube videos. All right. I was using videos and learning guitar. And I made some progress. I can get some chords. All right. But then I hired a guitar teacher to work with me directly. And man, the first three months I worked with him, I made more progress that I made in the last two years combined in those three months because there was just stuff I didn't know that I didn't know. And it was stuff that I was doing that I couldn't see because it's hard to see the picture when you're within the frame. And he can look at me and say, oh, no, you can do this. And this little changes would just help me get so much better, so much faster. You get that rapid feedback. You don't get as much feedback or you don't get the same rate of feedback when you're doing something all alone. You know, the way you improve is through a feedback loop. Right. You do shit. Fuck up. Then you get feedback. Then you improve. All right. This is how you get good or anything. All right. When you were trying to learn how to walk, you started fucking walking, you bust your shit, your parents tried to help you. You said, oh, if I do this shit wrong, I fall down. All right. You got some feedback. Then you improved. This is how anyone gets good at anything. This is how you've got good at anything you're good at. If you're good at anything. Having some sort of coach speeds this shit up because you get instant feedback. If I was playing a court wrong in front of me, I don't know. Move your finger right here. Oh, it would be mad along the figure that shit on my home. Right. Same thing when you have a trainer. You can improve the feedback loop. It speeds up the feedback loop so you get better faster. Next happens when a pickup is meditated daily. I've been meditating twice a day, 15 to 20 minute sessions every day for the last about 15 years. It's difficult to overstate how beneficial it could be for your life. So let me show you studying after eight weeks of mindfulness meditation. Academic studying what happens was the participants increased the grey matter density in their frontal lobe. And that's the part of your brain that makes decisions. You know, your neocortex. This is where logic comes from. Human beings have a bigger neocortex that allows us to create things like language to build civilizations, to make YouTube videos where other animals struggle in those endeavors. If you can make that part of your brain more dense, you'll be more logical. You'll be able to make better decisions, right? And let's have a fucking space. And as another study this shows that it was done by Harvard University to show that after eight weeks of meditation, the participants, a migdola, started to shrink. The migdola is the part of your brain that makes you feel fucking spas. This is where fear and anxiety and stress come from. It's basically your fight or flight responses, right? So day about this. Eight weeks of meditation. Your frontal lobe is going to be more dense. Your more dense. Science shows, right? Which means you'll be more logical. Your amygdala is going to shrink. Which means you're going to be less of a fucking panicky ass spas. How can that not improve your life? I can't think of any endeavor where being more logical and less emotional, let's of a spas wouldn't be better visual. It's going to help you with all areas of life. And I see it all the time. You know, sometimes I'm at the plane station. I call it the plane station. I'm at the plane station. Some of it in the flight to get delayed as we both. Yeah, let it at the fucking plane waitress. I'm like, yeah, man, it's just a plane waitress, man. She don't control air traffic controls, not her fault. Right? The yell is spas and now having to fit. And I'm cool. It's a fan. I mean, it's inconvenience for me too, but I'm not being a child about it. Because I've been meditating for 50 years. I see people spas and all the time. Like if you can't handle stress, if any little thing knocks you off course, is going to be super difficult for you to do anything important in life. How you going to have employees in shit if you're a spas. What kind of boss you can be if you're spas? What kind of a parent you're going to be if you're spas and now you can't be logical? What kind of a man should you be spas and out like a woman all the time? Right? Be calm. This is one of the reasons why I'm so much cool in you. Because if eight weeks of meditation would do that for your brain in the corner of studies, the math with 15 years does is going to really help you with your life. Right? And the next habit you need to make this year the best year you like is to start tracking everything. That's why I got a habit tracker for you to download and description. It's called the thick revision plan. What you want to do is you want to use it and start tracking everything. And you can modify it to add more areas to track. So basically you can come over to your habit tracker and start tracking things. Because remember, remember we talked about before when you are being observed by someone else or yourself, study show that your performance improves. And then it just gives you data. So being you can actually add more things to track. And you can take things away if you want. The only thing that I wouldn't take away with the habit tracker is I wouldn't take away to income because this graph is dynamic. So just keep that there otherwise the graph won't work and keep your weight here otherwise the graph won't work. But then there's another part of the Victor revision planner. Right? So you can basically plan out your goals. Alright? So we go to this action planner this part right here. And now this is just dummy data, but you put all any goal you have for the year in these columns. Put a goal in each column. Right? And then you put every step you put down every step in detail. And you can go in here and add way more stuff to the step. But you want to put a deadline on it. Most of the things would be like, oh, a plan my goal is like, did you plan out every step and put a deadline on every note? This is just a fucking wish. Right? And this is free. So once you have every step of all your goals planned out with a deadline on each, then what you can do is you can look here at the progress. So now we broke it all these down in steps. And you can see where you are on each step with the progress tab. And once you start something, let's say, I started this just now boom, I moved that over to progress. And you can see where you are in the goals. What gets done? What's up? Oh, I did that. That's what something moving over here to done. And you can do it like this to even move it over here like this or you can do it like that. Now here's where it gets really good. As I remember I said, you want to put a deadline on every step. Now you have a tab here where it's like this month. Oh, this is the thing. These are the things I have to do this month to accomplish my goal. So it's all the task that you have to do this month. And we have the same thing not started progress done for this month. This is where you break your goal. You're big goals down into steps. And you know, oh, if I do all these things this month, I'll be right on track. Then you can go here bringing down a little bit more to this week. This is the only thing I got to do this week to hit my goals. It's very important. You can always change the date. If it doesn't look like you're going to do it or you miss it. I don't know how you move because it accomplish your goals without doing this. I've been doing a version of this for decades. Oh, I know how you don't. That's how you ended up watching videos about how the accomplished your goals. How about we change this ship? Download the free big revision planner. It's a free notion template. All you got to do is hit the link in the description. Download it. It's 100% free. I also have another video on how to use this. My big video. I just going to put it up here somewhere.