I'm about to give you 10 hacks that will make you more disciplined than almost everyone. You'll be able to utilize this newfound discipline in order to attack your goals and deploy them against all your dreams and aspirations. I'm well suited to talk to you about discipline because I built several multi-eight-figure businesses. While not having to sacrifice my health, I built the kind of physique and I didn't have to sacrifice my relationships. I made relationships with my family, my friends, me, novia, but it all comes from discipline. What's up with this discipline? Without discipline, you will fail in life. And if you don't have enough discipline, just sit through this video and take copious notes. Then success will forever allude you. You'll probably die poor alone. And that's the best case scenario. If you die with some kids in your poor or a family in your poor, then you're going to train to be undisciplined. Fux, staying in the window, being jail, doing all types of bullshit. But if you're too undisciplined, you only have to worry about that because you probably won't be able to find a human woman to make what you want to worry about that. Hey, let's get into the habits. The first habit that will make you more discipline than almost everyone is managing your dopamine. Dopamine is a neurochemical, it's critical for drive, determination. People with high dopamine, they really go after their goals. They're always getting after it going for your business and body who's waking up early. He's working out, he's running this business or crushing that a work that he's doing shit with his family. He seemed like he's at 100% all day. I guarantee you that person has a ton of dopamine in your system. Studies show that you need dopamine in order to have drive and go after your goals. But you have to manage your dopamine because it's a dark side. So we've all heard of dopamine hits or dopamine spikes that lead to crashes. Let's say your brain is like a trough full of dopamine. This is the dopamine, that's the good stuff. But when you engage in that inactivity that spikes your dopamine to unnatural levels, these are things like video games, drugs, alcohol, casual sex, fucking holes, pornography, you know bullshit. But these things do is they deplete your dopamine reserves. They'll come back to a high level, but it takes time. And this is what people will experience the crash. This is the crash after an all night rager. And they do it a whole bunch of crazy dopamine, dopamine, their genics stuff at night. Maybe they had a party, maybe they got to the club, start doing drugs, casual sex with random people. The next day, the dopamine is going to be super low. And it's going to be really difficult for them to fuck around and do spreadsheets or or fucking accounting in the morning. Doing something boring because it's also the contrast. The dopamine levels will come back. However, it takes time. Problem is that people are doing these things over and over and over and over again. And they never give their body enough time to actually replenish their dopamine. And that's why they lag drive and motivation. So what you want to do is manage your dopamine levels. So you gotta stay away from cheap dopamine. At least during the day. Much possible, stay away from cheap dopamine. These are things like night life, pornography, video games, excessive social media scrolling, excessive TV, TV can deplete your dopamine, drugs. These things make your dopamine levels plummet. They feel good in the moment. But then you have to pay for it. After it will be super difficult for you to actually go out to your goals. Almost impossible to have an updiscope in the go after your goals and really get after it in a state of depleted dopamine. So you want to manage these things. These are why vices are so nefarious. This is one of the reasons why I just noticed I started feeling better. Once I stopped doing all recreational drugs. I don't go out the clubs. I don't parties. All that shit. I mean, I'll kick it with some friends. But I'm still at the crib sleep by 10. Because I want to really manage my dopamine. I just noticed that I had more drive for other stuff. Did more like boring work for my business or whatever goals that I'm working on. And the things you can do to actually help increase your dopamine naturally. They'll actually help increase your dopamine reservoir. So study show that cold therapy, these are cold showers, ice baths, cryotherapy has been shown to momentarily increase dopamine by 200%. Working out increases dopamine. There's a sub caffeine actually increases dopamine. But not in a negative way. It enhances the receptors. So you can actually feel dopamine better. There's a sub-micard ill tyrosine that's naturally increases dopamine. Here's what's going to happen. Once you stop doing these things that are, it's suck it dopamine out of you. These things that give you that unnaturally high spike of dopamine. You'll have a higher baseline on average. And then you'll feel better about yourself. You'll feel better about your life. And more importantly, the only way you can get dopamine spikes is actually accomplishing. Things will help you accomplish your goals. And you'll start to become addicted. This is how work a hallics are made or people who love working out. They're only endopening from things that can help them accomplish the goals. And it becomes a feedback loop where they actually start to enjoy the things that used to take discipline to do. Discipline hack number two. Surround yourself with winners. Some always tell young people or anyone who listen is you either want to ride with the winners. We're going to lay with losers. You become like the people you're around whether you want to or not involuntarily. This is why people from certain readers, regions, even in America they might have similar accents. It's not in your DNA. They picked it up involuntarily from everyone else. There's why people from different regions around the world are similar religions. They all address similar to similar cultures, right? Because you become like the people you're around with you what you're not. But it's way deeper than that. Here's a study that shows that number one predictor of how much money someone is going to make. It's how much money their friends make. This is part one of this. They did a two part study. You can read this on your own. I'm not going to fuck and read it to you. There that's what this, the scientists realized that the number one predictor how much money someone will make is how much money their friends make. And you may think this is just a one-off study. No, this tons of studies show this. For example, here's a Harvard Medical School University study that showed that if one person becomes obese, there's siblings or their spouse almost always gain weight as a result. It's another study showing that when one spouse gets a weight loss treatment, the untreated spouse also experiences the weight loss. They notice that these people's spouses started to lose weight too as a result. You become like the people you're around. His another studying weight loss treatment is influenced untreated spouses and the home environment is a real, real effect. Well, one spouse goes through a weight loss protocol. The other spouse who's untreated actually starts losing weight too. And then this is my favorite one. This study shows that if one of your friends becomes obese, you have a 45% chance. I've become an obese as well. But here's the crazy part because we've kind of established that already. If a friend of your friend becomes obese, you're likely to hit of gaining weight increases by 20%. Let's say, Nima, he got a fat friend and I don't even know if that motherfucker gets super fat. Nima has a 45% chance to get fat. But I had now have a 25% chance to get fat. Yo fat is free to fucking up my shit and I don't even notice my fucking. Let's take it to further. Let's say Nima has a friend who has another friend. Me and Nima don't even notice this fourth motherfucker. If he becomes obese, I still got a 10% chance to become an obese. I don't even notice my other fuckers. This was published in New England, Journal of Medicine. And this study is one of the largest obesity studies of all time and it's spanned over 33 years. Right, this show that you can check this. This is really a fascinating study. You become like the people you're around with. You want to or not. So if you make friends who are disciplined or getting after going after their goals, you start hanging around them, that's going to rub off on you. And you're going to start to involuntarily assimilate with you once or not. And also what I notice is if my friends start fucking a copish and goals, it does start making a whole bunch more money every time it happens. Not only do I just start making money, right? Because I'm with them. We probably get pretty pretty to a lot of the same information. But I don't want to get laughed by all my friends. I don't want my friends to get the way more successful than me. And I don't want to be the fucking poorest friend. So it makes you want to step your game up. And I encourage my friends to make as much money as possible to do as much success as possible because I like that pressure. Right? I'm not trying to hold them back to be better than them or to be on their level. It's like I want them to keep going. It's going to propel me as well. But just like that with fitness, money, anything. If you had disciplined friends, it would be easier for you to be disciplined. If your friends are fucking shitheads than you know, fuck them. Family members too. I've cut my fuckers off because they were shitheads. Family members are like, oh, you ain't got no integrity with yourself. You are bitch nigga. I can't fuck with you. Hack number three. I just have some next level shit. You may have heard some of the other shit but I have invented some shit. I think you need to make a vision board. At the risk of sounding like one of these white chicks who collect rocks and shit, bitch got a gravel pit next to her bed. You know, I'm saying different colors. She pranks at the moon wearing hip joy. The risk of sounding like one of them is something about visualizing yourself and having a vision board years ago. Man, it might have been almost 10 years ago. I had my video at that at the time, Johnny, he ain't with us no more. He Asian. But that means he's also good with technology. Fly with Johnny Ties is YouTube name. He wanted him fashion Asians. You know, he's talking about Asian fashion. It's lit. I say, yo, fly with Johnny Ties. I want you to take this image of me. Use Photoshop and put these two trophies in my hand. Right. So this is the plaque for a million YouTube subscribers. This is the plaque. Click funnels gives you once you sell over $10 million with a funnel you made on click funnels. And I printed this shit out and I put it on my fucking wall next to my desk. So I saw it every day. Look at this shit. That's the plaque. I got that one. I got the other one too, man. Straight up to something about this shit. I made it happen. And I had it in front of me every day. And I would see it. And I would imagine myself like that. I would feel the feelings. And then I would still go out for my goals, still work super hard. But yo, that's it. It maybe is a coincidence. Maybe it's all in my head. But here's what I think happens. You at this part of your brain called the reticular activation system. Right. And it's located the bottom of your brain. It's them. And it's responsible for filtering out the world. There's too many sounds, colors, textures, stimuli for you to focus on everything in your environment. So your reticular activation system, what it does is it filters out what it deans important. It's kind of like when you or when your friend gets a new car, and you start seeing that car everywhere. You didn't attract the car dummy. The car was always there. It just wasn't activated by your reticular by your RIS system. But once it got activated by your RIS, then you started to notice it. But the car was there at a whole time. That's what I believe is happening with the victim of war. I had this in front of me and I started seeing different paths to victory. I started seeing different things I could do. They were already there, but I activated them in that my reticular activation system. And now I got both of those things, man. And I got tons of other examples about like this. But I'm going to show you the news what you do. Now we got AI. I had Johnny at the time. You know I got fly with Johnny time. I'm not going to teach you how to do it. I went to this website called afell.ai. And this is a website where they had different models, all kinds of the image generation, videos generation, everything, right? And I trained an AI model on pictures of me. I just uploaded pictures myself, right? And the flux lower a portrait trainer. Boom, so if I click on this, and I trained a few models, right? So here's one of my models. Now the properties king every time I say I have king in here. And I tell you what the generate, the generate whatever I want. So instead of having Johnny tie, fucking copy and paste that shit. Now that you can do whatever you want, whatever you want to copy. What I'm going to do is I'm going to put a propped in here of me. I'm just going to say what I am, what I'm doing, boom, right? I put the propped in here, boom, let's see what happens. Make your own vision boards, man. But it's like, is you in this shit? I said yo, man, be surrounded by money. You could print that shit out. You could make your screen safer, something and really visualize it. I had a video editor at the time of the dude that should form it. Right, but you could just do it. Hold on, let me do another one for him. Boom, you can do exactly what I did before. But now we got AI. Check it out. What you trying to accomplish, man, how you want to live. I wouldn't wear that. I don't want to visualize that. With this shit, it works, too. What you trying to accomplish, man? Did you realize it, man? And you can see it and you make it you. And what this is going to do is this is going to train your RAF system to see different paths on how you can accomplish this. I don't think it's magic. I really think it's just psychology. When you start visualizing yourself as accomplished something, your mind will start seeing the paths, seeing ways around obstacles. Because they exist. You can do it. You'll be able to find it, man. I'm telling you, hack number four to become more discipline is the list of hate and the list of great. I've talked about this before, but you must focus on doing it otherwise you'd be rich by now. This is one of my top discipline hacks. So Seagman Freud, he was a coped up pervert, but he was also the father of modern psychology, right? And Seagman said, the reason anyone does anything, this is the guy doing something. He's either moving towards pleasure. This heart represents pleasure or away from pain, perceived pleasure or perceived pain. This is the reason why anyone does anything. He called it the pleasure pain for something. And you see it in the animal kingdom as well, right? That's how you guys train your pets. When you dog does some good, you give them a treat. Now you're doing that shit all the time, so you can get some treats or if you dog does some bad, like pisses on your girlfriend or something, then you gotta, I don't know, I never had a dog. How did punish dogs? Pist a whip on him? Spraying what I don't know what you gotta do, right? But then the dog learns to avoid pain. Let me not piss on the chip. You know what I'm saying? Let me not piss on this niggas bitch. You know what I'm saying? So I'm gonna avoid some pain. Humans are the same way. All this is we make are to avoid pain, or to move away from perceived pain, or towards perceived pleasure. So right now, you find it difficult to maybe eat right, because you associate pleasure with junk food, and you associate pain with healthy food. A lot of people associate pain with working out, and they associate pleasure with, they'll do something instead like video games. People associate pain with reading, so they don't study, and they associate pleasure with being off. These are just examples. You think you need discipline to fight this urge, but you're going against your natural, proclivities. What you need to do is change your association with pain and pleasure, and the way to do that is with list of hate and list of great. So what I want you to do, make a list of everyone who's doubted you, who said you couldn't accomplish your goals, who hated on you, chicks who cheated on you, chicks who rejected you, any motherfuckers who was standing your way. All the tractors, missing throaps, anyone who tried to stand in your way of greatness and incapacity, put them on a list of hate. Right this list, make it extensive list, and then you look at this list every morning. And just remember, when you don't work hard, the haters win. If you don't accomplish your goals, they weren't hating on you. They would just make it a fair assessment of your capabilities. They were just correct. You make in some of these haters look like they're in fortune tellers. I'm about to start asking these motherfuckers for stock tips, and lottery numbers, because they they fucking called it perfectly on your goofy ass. If somebody did something mean to you, somebody hurt you or attempted to hurt you in any capacity, you know, we live in a civilized society. We can't fuck them up anymore. The only way to hurt them is with your own success. Some people have made even motherfuck videos about this, and say, oh, you shouldn't be thinking about the age, you should do for yourself. You're shut your bitch ass up, man. You want to list now, bitch nigga. What this does, this makes you invincible. Now with someone hates on me, I get excited and like, oh man, I need a some more ammunition, but I need a some more fuel. I was about the rest. I got all these millions in shit. I needed another reason to accomplish more. This hate, NAS motherfucker helped me out. So now becomes a good thing that they hated on you. It makes you invincible. motherfuck is making videos about me. You'll do videos about me talking shit. And I'll do nothing. I'm gonna respond. I'm not about to get into it. I didn't even even even watch it. Those are my ever watched this shit. There's somebody sensitive to me, you know what I'm saying? But I don't even be watching this shit. motherfuck is being tagged in the shit. I'm just, I'll show them my feet, but I ain't gonna watch it. It's like, you know, he's motherfuckin' fit the judge. The king. But it's like, oh shit, motherfuck more motherfuckin' his hating. Nice, this is more fuel. So I don't sit around all angry. I'm excited, like, mmm. I'm gonna give him some the hate on. This is one dude. What do you even talk it all? Times of crazy shit about me, man. You're saying. And it's fucked up because we just friends. Little loose cool with each other at least, you know? And I respond and nothing. Next you know the motherfuckin' have hard attacks, almost dying the shit. He on YouTube talking about he and got no money, no more he broke. And I ain't even have to do nothing, man. But his hate helped me and hurt him. Right? Because when somebody's hating on you, right? You think God's gonna bless the person who's out here. Tell me shit about people. God ain't gonna bless him up for going out here. Spreading negativity, man. You only gonna bless some people who spread in positivity, man. Like, really think about if you believe in any higher power, you really doing yourself with this service. So that's why I don't even try to get these people back. I'm gonna talk shit about him because I don't want to get sucked into that negativity where I want to spread negativity throughout the world. I just keep state positive optimistic. And I focus on the people I'm trying to help my business and everything. And, you know, God bless you for that. What did Jesus say, man, when he was on the cross? Your father forgive him. They know now what they do. I just be letting shit right up with like, I hate, man. Now you want to list the hate. Once I plug in a accomplish even more, you're gonna feel sorry that you wasn't an ally. I could help somebody these motherfuckers right now if I wanted to. If they wasn't on that bitch, they could shit. This will give you fuel. So every time you want to do some bullshit, just think, man, if I do that, the haters win. Every time you don't work on your goals, the haters win. Every time you skip it, it'll work out, the haters win. Every time you, you will eat some candy, a cake, like a fucking woman or a child, the haters win. Who's gonna win the only one that's on you? Then you want to make the list a great. So remember we talking about making your vision board. Imagine a version of yourself who already accomplished all the goals, all the dreams, all the aspirations you want. And then go back to your list of great. Start writing the list. Like, what kind of habits does he have? What time is this person work up? Does he skip workouts? Is he consistent? Make a huge list. And look at that list every day. Look at the list of hate. And then look at the list of great everyday. And what's going to happen is every time you start acting in congruence. With what's going to get the list of great, you're gonna start feeling better about yourself. You're gonna start liking the self. It's gonna become a positive feedback loop. Time you act in congruence with this. You're gonna hate yourself a little bit. And that's okay. A little bit of self hate. It's helpful. Because remember you're moving towards pain or pleasure. So if you try to make yourself feel good about being a bitch, it's gonna be more difficult for you to accomplish it. Go. Once you start acting in congruence with something you list a great. To be clear, this is what you have to do to become the man you want to be. When you start acting in congruence with it, what's going to happen is your associations with pain and pleasure will start to change. You'll start associating pain with junk food and shit. Because you know, oh man, if I could eat this bullshit, but if I do that, the haters win. And you'll start associating pleasure with the healthy stuff, with the good things. Not only are you shitting on the haters, but also you start acting in congruence with something you're listed great and then you start to like yourself more. You start to have more confidence. Because a lot of people say, man, I don't have enough confidence. You gotta give yourself a reason to be confident. Well, fucking, you can't just do it. Just say, hey, I'm confident. You can bullshit everyone else, but you can't bullshit yourself. And every time you do the shit that's in congruence with your list of great, you're going to fucking dislike yourself a little bit. As you should, how much you would you like somebody who was telling you everything I'm doing this for your own due to that for your manager's way. Right? And they never do it. How much you would you like to, how much confidence would you have in them? That person is you. So once you start doing the things you say you're going to do when you start keeping the promises you make yourself, you'll start to have what confidence is. You start to like yourself more. And then you'll start, you'll start to become a habit. You won't actually even need as much discipline because you'll want to do the things. Because it's start to feel good. And you'll know that your success is the only way to get back at these holes who cheer on you to these moments who started to shit. Your success is the only way. Imagine the chicks who did me dairy like, you know, years, years ago. They just still all section eight and shit. Tom about the body, crib, man. They can't feel good to know you black your blessing like that. The guys who was the homies and they shit at all me, you know what? I can snap my finger and change that like if I wanted to. But I'm not because they made it on the list of, hey, the beauty of it is the list, the list of, hey, made me way more. Well, the money. Every time when you fucking nerds make a video about me, it's like, hmm, and also here's the thing when people do hate on you. You don't take it as personal because now you like yourself. Once you start acting in congruent with this, you like yourself. So when I'm not fucking talk shit about you, you're making me, I don't even fucking watch this shit. It's man, let somebody says to me, it says I should watch it, right? I like myself so much that the criticism sounds ridiculous to me, right? It's like, it's somebody say, you're a brand man, you look like a fucking tiny, Chinese woman. That would mean nothing to me, right? I would probably look at that person like he was kind of crazy like, man, you got some mental illness, huh? That's fucked up, man. But if somebody said you're branded, you need to work on your calves. And I'm like, oh, yeah, that's something that I'm really guy insecure about, right? It doesn't, I do hate says the calf raises a date. It would hit me, right? Because I don't love the size of my calves, you know? They get that you know, they get it. They got it, they've got a lot better, it's not embarrassing. But because I like myself so much with somebody shit, so on me, it's like, oh man, you know, I'm bad, nigga. They're like, bro, you don't even know. But you gotta be able to say that with integrity, and don't go to do that, to keep the promises you make to yourself. Hack number five. Plan out every hour of every day. Bruce Lee once said, if you love life, don't waste time because time is what life is made of. So if you waste time, you waste a life. And if you're not planning out every hour of your day, well, guess what, man, people don't plan to fail. They fail to plan. If you fail to plan your day, and I could leave it in the chance, and you might end up a failure. If you look at my calendar, I got every hour of every day planned out, brother. I and I are just fucking around. It's choreographed. It's schedule. As a result, I get way more to work. I have a whole video on how to plan out your calendar. If you say nothing from this video, nothing from me, it's just our plan and every hour of every day in your calendar. Everybody out coach who started doing this, if they did that for just 90 days, they always accomplish way more in those 90 days than they did the last year or two before that. Because you can squeeze so much more life out every day. And think about the bad habits that you have. A lot of people are trying to get rid of bad habits. How to all quit bad habits. How to don't even think about quitting the bad habits. All you gotta do is crowd them out. So if I got every hour of my day planned, when am I gonna have time to do all that bullshit to you to have them done? There's no room on the calendar for it. When I stopped smoking weed, I didn't mean how do you quit smoking weed? If you asked me, I was like, no, I just plan my calendar with shit that I need to do to cover some of my goals that I didn't do well when I was high. I had stopped smoking weed for almost a year before I officially said, you know what? I should just say I quit, right? But I had already quit. I just hadn't done it. I just filled my calendar with good shit. Same shit with drinking. I didn't even try to quit drinking. I just didn't have time. Because I packed my calendar for the city to help me accomplish my goals. I promise you, if you just do this, your whole life will change. You accomplish way more and you'll be able to get ready to get bad habits. What how do you even fucking try and hack number six is ruthless goal setting. I showed you guys how to set goals before I have time to video about it. Right? A big mistake is they set goals that they feel are attainable for them right now. The problem with that is if you only set goals that you're current self is capable of accomplishing, then there's no reason for you to grow. But if you set goals that you're current self is not good enough to accomplish yet, that's going to force you to what? It's a growth. It's going to force you to have to learn more that the develop more skills to become more disciplined, become a different person. You need to set goals that force you to become different. That's going to give you out of what your comfort zone. But if you only set goals within your comfort zone, then there will be no reason to leave that comfort zone. And you'll be stuck there in the prison of your own making and confinement, held down by the shackles of your own mediocrity. But if you set a goal, this so crazy that you can't accomplish it now with your current skillsets, then you have to develop more skillsets. If you have a goal, you say, man, I don't know how to do that. Guess what? Now you have to learn how to do that. The goal can serve as a mechanism for personal development. The goal can make you better. Man, I want to do that, but I think that's kind of disciplined. Guess what? If you set the goal, there requires more discipline. You have to become more disciplined. And you will learn more about setting goals. I have a whole other video on it. And I have a goal setting template to show you exactly how to do it. Walking through it's tremendous. It's changed thousands of lives so far in counting. Hack number seven. Track everything. Track the metrics. I've talked about this before. And I'll put a link here to a habit track that we have in there. You know what I'm saying that you guys can check out. It's in the description now. I actually track with time. I'll wake out. I track how many hours of sleep. I track every workout. I track all the food I consume all my macros. I track how much water I drink in today. I track all the KPIs from our business, release, revenues, conversions, engagement. And I look at all these numbers daily. A lot of times when we have goals. What happens is we focus on the goal. This trophy represents the goal you want to go. But sometimes the goal, especially if you set goals the way I told you, they may be far away from where you are. And it may look almost insurmountable. Like, oh, I can't do that. That's so far. And then you might see other people who accomplish that goal. And you start feeling bad at the result. Tell us you start hating. This is how haters are made. A haters will see somebody shining. And like I can't do that. On an emotional scale and a moccity and anger feels better than in adequacy. So that's why they rather just hate because it relieves them a defiling of inferiority. The experience when they see a real negative flexing on them, they start to feel better. But this can happen to all of us when we look at our goals. And we feel like we're too far away. Instead, you want to think about all the metrics, all the actions that need to be accomplished for you to actually hit the goal and just focus on an action. Just focus on a metrics. For example, if you want lose 10,000 fat 10 weeks easy, all you got to do is be in the 500 calorie-clorid deficit every day for a week. Your board 3500 calories. That's how many calories you need to burn. One pound of fat 3500. It's just mad. You just look at the metrics. And if you do that 10 weeks in a row, you'll lose 10,000 fat. It's mathematically impossible for it to happen in any other way. So all you got to do is break down with the actions you need to take daily and only look at the actions and then you'll feel good because you'll know you're making progress. So when I said a goal, I don't even look at the goal anymore. I only look at the actions that are required to accomplish the goal. Actually, if it was a goal that's like, you know, fucking a year from now or months away from now, I just look at today. I didn't need to have a perfect day today. I need to hit all my metrics today. I hit my macros today. I need to hit the number of leads we need to have today. I need to hit all these things today. And then I just need to make today successful day. I don't have to think about the whole shit Martin Luther King said, you don't need to see the whole staircase. You don't need to see the first step in front of you. And then you start stringing together successful days. You do that for a week. You got a successful week. You start stringing together successful weeks. Now you got successful months. You start stringing together successful months. Now you got successful years. You can make huge progress. And if you're stringing, you get the successful years. And you'll be. But it all starts with what's happened in today. So I said a look in at the fucking gold, this months or years from now. All I look at is today. And I get serious about making today perfect. And that's what one of the reasons why I track and it's so important. It narrows your scope. I just need folks to listen to front of me. And down low to habit, the victory vision planner, it will break down how to do it is free. So new description. Nothing you need to do is stay away from negativity. They remember we talked about earlier how you can become like the people you're around and your reticulate activation system. I'm not telling you to be positive. I'm saying just don't be negative. Tell you, this is one of the most important things. I don't let people around me say negative things about themselves. People here on time, they're around me. Somebody says, oh man, I can't do that. I'm like, what man? Don't say stuff about yourself. You don't want to be true. And I won't say nothing negative either. Instead of saying, I'm tired. You know, I need to get more energy. But instead of saying, I'm hungry. I'm saying, no, I need to get some of the eat. Instead of saying, man, I can't afford that. I say, I need to figure out a way where I can't afford that. Both things are true in everyone of those examples. Right. But one sounds like a moped-foot who didn't gave up, looking for sympathy like a punk. And the other one sounds like somebody was like, you know, like, you know what? I'm gonna make this happen no matter what. Who would you bet on? The guy who says, I mean, I got enough money or the guy says, yo man, I need to figure out a little more money. Like, just who would you bet on? That needs to be you. Even when my HTT, the program where I teach people are growing online, I thinnest business when I'm doing a lot of causes. Students, they're like, yeah, I'm trying to do this. I say, what? The T-word? No, I mean, we don't try around. We're not fucking tribe babies. You're working on figuring it out because tribe lies uh, you know, my, I'm not, no, no, I'm working on figuring out and I will not rest until it is figured out. Procture with that attitude. And negativity is contagious, man. So you can't let people be negative around you. Like, you gotta have a real no negativity zone, no negativity buffer. And I'm not saying everything's gonna feel good all the time. You know, and I'm not saying you gotta be positive. I'm saying don't be negative. You know, I was going through something over the last few weeks. I don't want to talk about it because I was trying my best not to focus on the negative, but it was giving me sometimes. I was just focused on, what can I do to make this better? How can I make this better? And I got it really aggressive about it. And, you know, it's starting to get better now. You know, but you gotta get aggressive about the solutions, even if you're going to a problem. And in hack number nine, it's start going to bed early. So you saw earlier, my, my, my thing went off this since started to ready for bed. Yes, eight, 30. That went off at eight, 30. It's a long, start getting ready for bed. Uh, if you go to bed early, it does a lot of good things. One, you're probably wake up early, get more sleep. One, the more sleep you get, sleeps going to help your gains, helps your focus, uh, it helps with your cognitive abilities. And it, it's more sleep improves your mood, right? But also, if you go to bed early, you will avoid a lot of the bullshit. If I'm sleep at 9, 30, 10, 30, around that time, how much bullshit can I get into? Most of the bad decisions I may have been after 10 p.m. Instead of having to try to avoid a lot of bullshit, I sleep through it. It caused me to wake up early because I wake up early. I get to work in the morning, undestracted. And I give my most important stuff done. Before the rest of the world wakes up, before people start texting me, before people start trying to give me their problems that I have to solve. You know, I got fucking 30 employees, like having 30 kids. And all their problems become your problems. Monthly because in their family die, and now you got to figure out how to get the work and get to die. Because they had a funeral. I didn't tell them, if I would have smoked them cigarettes on a mirror, right? That's my problem now. You want to get shit done before it starts happening. A lot of success people wake up early. Some of them don't. That's cool. And I just think one of the main things to go to bed early is you avoid all the bullshit. Hack number 10 is meditation. It's a few reasons why this works on a biological level. So here's a study that showed after eight weeks of meditation. It shrunk there, a migdala. So the migdala is the part of your brain where you start to spaz out. It controls, it's like the fearsome in your brain. They reported having less fear and less anxiety, but brains can show that the part of your brain that actually produces fear and anxiety shrank. There's another study to show that through muscle meditation, it actually increases the size of the gray matter in your neocortex. And that's the part of your brain where logic comes from human beings have a larger neocortex than majority animals. That's why we can do things like create mathematics and languages and make you two videos where other animals typically struggle in those endeavors. This changes your neocortex meditation and makes that part of your brain so think about it. You are more logical and you're less of a spaz. Do you think it'll be easier to be disciplined in a more disciplined and unroll situation? It's right because fear makes cowards of everyone if you spaz enough. This really works. You understand? And here's another study that showed that long-term meditators, they were able to cope with stress and anxiety just way better and manage their lives better. Right? These people were more organized according to this study. Meditation has been shown to change your brain on a structure of love to make it easier for you to manage yourself. It changes everything. I have a whole another video on meditation. You should check it out. These are the 10 hacks that I've used to make me want to really win in a more disciplined motherfucker instead. I know I can be better. I will give you one more tip to make you more disciplined. Commit to learn it because the more you learn the easier it is for you to accomplish your goals in general. And sometimes people aren't. They like this one because they don't even know what's possible but the more you learn what's possible you might start getting excited to go after your goals. And I have a resource for you to learn more. It's called the 10 Commandments of all the time training. This is a book that I wrote that helped people grow their online fitness business. I've helped thousands of people grow their online fitness businesses. And you know the growing of business takes discipline. Making money takes discipline. And if you don't have that it's going to be difficult for you to succeed in any business. Especially in online fitness business because not only do you have to be disciplined in business. You also have to be in having the discipline to be in shape to promote yourself as a trainer. Anyway, go check out that book right now. It'll put you in the right path. You're interested in building the business like that.