We've all heard the same Jack of all trades, Master of Nine. Problem with this ideology is that it places unnecessary limitations on how much we can grow. Because someone with multiple different hobbies, interests, and skill sets is way more valuable than somebody who's only good at one thing. Because he has a deeper reservoir of ideas to pull from. Having multiple hobbies will make you more creative, have become a way better idea that will eventually help you accomplish your big goals in life. Because you'll be more well-rounded. And they make you a more interesting person. In this video, I'm going to show you how you can cultivate different interests in skill sets in a way that will help you accomplish your big goals in life and leap past your competition. I'm sure you've got to manage your time, stay consistent with your new interests, and stay focused the whole time you're doing it. Wow, having fun. I'm someone who has multiple different hobbies, talents, and skill sets that I've cultivated over the years. My interest in skills include, but I'm not limited to making YouTube content like this video right here. Working out, playing multiple instruments, play keyboard, guitar, learning different languages, marksmanship, reading books. I'm going to have read these books, aren't decoration. I've read more books in this. I have way more storage than on my Kindle. Traveling, wakeboarding, and other water sports, like jet skiing, and snorkeling. I'm a big snorkeling fan, as well as traveling. I believe this combination of hobbies and talents and skillsets help me become a more well-rounded person, but also help me see things from different perspectives and gives me ideas that help me with my big goals. The first ways to manage multiple hobbies is make sure that the hobbies you have in the skills you're trying to develop move you towards your life goals. For example, I have a lot of income goals, and my businesses, most of them were built off the back of social media. So me making social media content on YouTube, TikTok, Instagram, would start it off as a hobby actually helped me build the business and moves me further towards my financial goal. Because my main business is called Hot Take a Trainer, where I teach personal trainers how to build their online fitness businesses. Because I've been an online trainer for over 15 years, and I make millions of dollars as the online trainer. Now I teach other people out of grow their online fitness businesses, working out and staying in great shape actually helped me with that goal because if I didn't walk the walk, if I didn't look like a trainer, I don't think I can get trainers to take me seriously enough to actually work with me. Playing guitar, keyboards, that hobby actually helped me make a lot of the music that I put in the YouTube videos. And those are just a few examples of how my hobbies actually work with my goals and that counterproductive. But those are just the business goals. I have other goals as far as my relation goals with my girlfriend, the goals I have from my family, my son, my hobbies help with that as well. For example, I like to travel a lot. So a lot of times I'll bring my girlfriend with me. And then we build memories together and that helps with my relationship goals. Or I travel with my son. We go in a different places all the time. Took the boy to Orlando for the first time, took him to Disney World. Got the VIP pass is not the fast pass. No, the VIP pass. We jump in in front of everybody in life. What folks with the fast pass too? They think they got the fast pass a lot hopping in front of them. And I saw my son hate. Hey son, this is what happens when your parents don't work hard. You gotta win line. It's a good lesson for the kid. And it's a good lesson for the kids. We have the front of. So they can see, oh, this is how a ball they're supposed to be. Hopefully they said their goals higher is what? The marksmanship, you know, I got to defend the family. She goes crazy, man. Everyone feels safe around me because I am typically the most dangerous person everywhere. I go learn a different languages. My ability to speak Spanish has me communicate with my girlfriend's family. She's Dominican. Lop Amelia, no oblar in glaze. So for me to communicate with them, I got to talking espanial. So all the hobbies are synergistic with my life. This way when I'm working on one of the hobbies, I'm not wasting time. In fact, these hobbies and skills are helping me with my other goals. So it's very important to pick hobbies that move you further in life. If your hobby is weed smoking, call it duty sessions. Unless you are trying to be a professional gamer or professional weed smoker, it may not be aventacious for you and your life goals. Step number two is to actually set goals for your hobbies. For example, for traveling, I have a list of places that I want to visit. This is a place that I want to visit with my son, my nieces and nephews. This is a place that I want to take my girlfriend. Now I have gold, I summon the move towards when it comes to YouTube. My goal was a main subscriber, but we blew past that. Obviously for working out, we all have fitness goals, things we want to accomplish. And when you set a goal for your hobby, what happens is when you start tracking the progress and they give you more motivation, I hope you stay more consistent because you can start seeing the progress and you have something to work towards instead of just doing it randomly. But you can also set goals as it pertains to skills. It's something you want to get better at. The beauty is you can get good at anything with enough time. It's not about talent. It's about consistency. Everybody sucks at almost everything the first time they do it, but the more reps they get the better they get at performing the task. According to Malcolm Gladwell, in his book Outliers, you need to put in 10,000 hours of practice to be world-class, meaning one of the best in the world. However, for mostly your hobby, you don't need to be one of the best in the world at it to get results. So I've come up with something based off a number of books I've read. Obviously, I've been outliers by Malcolm Gladwell, the talent co-boy, some other motherfucking. And then the other book called Talent is overrated. There's a lot of books on skill acquisition. I came up with something called the skill acquisition matrix. For example, I believe that 100 hours of practice, it's something that makes you not bad. Anybody who's ever played an instrument knows what I'm talking about. If you practice an instrument for three months, which is around 90 days, it's a close-up, 100 hours. That person will be not bad at the end of the instrument. I'm not saying they're good, they're just not bad. Like, most of the things laughing at him. A thousand hours makes you good. Someone sees you performing that task or sees you engaging in that skill that will be like, oh, that guy's good. Two thousand hours makes you really good. This one people are impressed. Like, whoa, you're blowing people's minds and shit. Five thousand hours makes you amazing. This is the level where it checks to panese etch. Thous thousand hours obviously makes you one of the best in the world. Twenty thousand hours makes you one of the best ever. These are legends. You know, motherfucking my half posters that him and their rooms. They got statues. Most of us will never obtain that level of skill in anything. But you probably don't need it for your goals. But now it's just a math problem. So one hour a day, you can be not bad at three months. If you spend two hours a day working on your skill in around two months, you'll be not bad. Three hours a day in around one month, you'll be not bad. Now, for all you fucking math nerds, I'm rounding. Don't fact check me like a fucking door. Four hours a day, you can be not bad at anything in 25 days. Now here's the thing, if you want to be good at something. All right, one hour a day, you get there in 2.7 years. Two hours a day, you get there in 1.3 years. Three hours, you get there in a year. Four hours a day, you get there in eight months. Again, we're going to keep going. If you want to be really good at something, one hour a day, you get there in 1.5 years. Two hours a day, you get there in 2.6 years. Three hours a day, you can get there in two years. Four hours a day, you get there in about one and a half years. All right, 16 months. You want to be a fucking amazing. All right, if you want to check someone, panties at you. You can get there in 13 years, one hour a day. Two hours a day, you can get there in 6.8 years. Three hours a day, you can get there for four years. Four hours a day, you can get there in 3.4 years. Well, you want to be in the best in the world when hour a day is going to take 27 years. Two hours a day, give you 13 years, three hours a day, you get there in nine years. And four hours that you get there in 6.8 years. Here's the thing, in Malcolm Gladwell's book, he said that to get to 10,000 hours, it typically took about 10 years. Now, you want to be one of the best to ever do this shit. All right, well, one hour a day is going to take you 50, four years. Thanks. Right, two hours a day, it's going to take you 23 years, three hours a day, two hours a day, two hours a day, it's going to take you 13 years, right? Well, we probably don't need this. Like, I think you should set a goal to be good at your hobby, you know, set it going, just start working backwards. If you're not bad at a bunch of things, those skills start to overlap, right? I think anywhere in this area is a good, for most of your hobbies, a lot of you guys will be discouraged by that, but I want you to be encouraged by it. Because a lot of times we pick up a new hobby or we try to develop a new skill, and hopefully to get frustrated the first week or the first day. Look, I'm just not good at this and give up, but I look at this and I say, hey, I'm not even supposed to be good at this shit yet. Looking at the skill acquisition matrix, I'm right where I'm supposed to be, and it stops me from getting discouraged. The next tip is to recognize that slow progress is okay. You don't need to be world-class and mostly your goals right now. You're probably fine. Look at the skill acquisition matrix and understand that it's okay to be patient. It's supposed to take you a few years to really get really, really good at something. Here's the thing though. If you set the goal to just be not bad at something, if you want to learn a language, but you don't need to be a goddamn translator, you just need to be able to get around a different city in a different country, or have a small conversation with a Latina chick. Hundred hours is probably enough. A mere 18 minutes a day, you can be not bad at anything. You want to learn a play to guitar, practice 18 minutes a day. You want to learn a language, practice 18 minutes a day. You want to learn Cody, practice 18 minutes a day. And in a year you'll be not bad. It's okay to go slow. Depending on how important the goal is to you. I think that should be encouraging, because you probably don't need to be a fucking expert at everything. I'll probably never be as good as John Mayer at the guitar. What I don't need to be. I'm not playing live. It matters in square garden. Alright? I'm playing fucking courts. First of all, I was that I only going to go on YouTube videos. It's fine. I don't need to be Steve Vada Duresh. You've ever been to be Carl Lostan Thana to do that. It's fine. Once you make peace with that, then you can just make little bit of progress every day. And you can be more patient knowing that hey man, as long as I'm consistent, right? Just enjoy the process. Don't rush it. But it's only works if you do step four, which is to track your progress. So what I do with the skills I'm trying to develop is I actually track how many minutes I spend the day on each one of these things. And I have a habit tracker. It's free. I'll put it in the description of this video. It's free notion template where I track a bunch of habits. On there, I put in the skills that I'm working on. So I can actually track it and I have it so it adds up the total each month. And this way, I can see the progress I'm making. I'm just two things I'm working on getting a thousand hours on. And I'm tracking the progress. And I'm setting milestones every time I get a new hundred. I can get myself a reward. And this way, I break down the steps into milestones and it keeps me more motivated. And as I check them off, I get even more excited. And here's what's cool. As you improve in something, you start to like it more. So a lot of times people want to follow their passions. I think you need to develop your passion. Think about the things you really like. You're probably pretty good at it. Those you've ever played instrument. When you learn it in a new song, it's arduous at first. And it's not as fun learning a new song or practice anything. But once you get it, you want to only play that song. Right? You start to enjoy playing that song because you're good at it. So once you start racking up hours, and you start getting a level of proficiency, you'll start to enjoy it. And now the practice is more fun. But you also get a dope in me hit when you hit one of the milestones. So every time I hit another hundred hours on something, I get a dope in me hit. This gives me positive reinforcement to keep actually climbing towards that goal. But you won't be able to do that either unless you have step number five. It's to actually put the time in your calendar to work on your skills or to participate in your hobby. So I had the stuff planned out of my calendar every day. So you were my look like at every hour of every day planned out in my calendar. Right? And a lot of these time blocks are times for me to work on these hobbies or skills. As long as I follow the plan, I know exactly when I'm going to be good at something. Right? I don't worry about man, how long is it going to take me to get good? I know exactly how long is it going to take me to get good. And I know when I'll be good. So if I'm not good now, I don't get frustrated. I know, man, I like to keep practicing. And I'll be better this time next month. It allows me to not get frustrated when I'm fucking up at something. Because I know I'll get good at it. If you're nothing from this video, start planning out every hour of every day in a calendar. You'll get so much more done. You have more time. People around you will be amazed at all you will accomplish. If you do that for a year, promise. Now, you've got to understand number six is to understand the trade-offs you're making. Because I dedicated myself to developing all these different skills and different areas of my life. That means I'm going to have to make some sacrifices. To something I'm willing to sacrifice and to something I'm not willing to sacrifice. Life is a game of trade-offs. So when you're working on one thing, that means you're not doing something else. You decide to watch this video, that means you're now watching all the other videos on YouTube. Right? Made a trade-off. Constantly, you're unconsciously. I'm not willing to sacrifice my health. I'm not willing to sacrifice my family. I'm not willing to sacrifice my business or my money. So what's left? The bullshit. I don't have a lot of time to get high. I don't have a lot of time to party, chase bitches, or really engage in any vices. But the beauty of that is I didn't have to think about stopping those vices. I didn't have to make a big ceremony about not drinking. I quit drinking over 10 years ago. It wasn't like a ceremonial thing. It's just my fucking time, but back. But after, like that's a waste of a high. I do the things worse than I'm buying. You make your mileage may vary. But because my calendar is full of things that are productive, they're going to move me further towards my goals. And help me accomplish things. My calendar is packed with that from sun up to sundown. That is no time to chase holes. There's no time to get high. There's no time to drink or really engage in any vices. I'm still having fun. I'm still living life. I pick hobbies that I find. But an interesting that also helped me accomplish my goal, which was back to step one. You just gotta understand what the sacrifices you're willing to make for your goals. Then your goals become the sacrifice. You're always making the sacrifices. If you decide to get in a relationship with some person, that means you're saying note to every other person on earth. Practice guitar this afternoon. You're probably not doing anything else during that time. Always sacrifice this something. You want all the fucking chicks. Then you gotta sacrifice the good girl you met or the possibility of a relationship. It's always the sacrifices always to trade off life. It's the gang of tradeoffs. You gotta consciously decide what tradeoffs you want to make. And what tradeoffs you don't want to make. Number seven, if you really want to get good at any of these hobbies or mastering these skills significantly faster, it's to get some sort of coach. My first year playing guitar. I thought, man, I played the drums in high school. I played piano. I can learn guitar on my own. Man, I can figure it out. I just watched some YouTube video. And I bought some books, which helped as well. But then I met a dude. He was Nashville session musician. So he played on like a lot of famous country songs. When he was in Nashville and he had moved to New York for some shit. And I met him in those 90 days that I worked with him. I made way more progress than I had made the whole year before trying to do it on my own. Because when you have a coach, they can shorten your learning curve dramatically. In fact, most of the athletes have tons of coach. They have the coaches on their team. But a lot of them will hire other coaches. The Bron has nutrition coach. The Bron has a shooting coach. Tom Brady. I mean, he had all the coaches on the new England Patriots coaching staff. But he also hired his own coach, his own nutritionist. Kobe Bryant was having the same problem. When Shaq left the Lakers, Kobe got his ass beat in the playoffs. Watch Shaq went off the win. A championship with the Miami Heat. Kobe with the Mike Seagua. What should I do? Mike was his mentor. Like a coach to him. Tim started training Kobe. You know how to have their multiple championships, multiple goal medals, scoring titles, MPPs. He's our son of the greatest athletes of all time. And they need not one coach but multiple coaches for them. I think it's ridiculously arrogant for any of us to believe that we can accomplish our goals or accomplish any version of greatness without a coach. Some of the best athletes of all time, the coaches. How can we expect the really a competition thing right without them? So when you get coaches, it dramatically short-given our in-curve. And you start to make progress significantly faster. So seek out a coach or a mentor or anything. Anytime I'm trying to get good at something or master skill, I'll always get a coach. That's why I'm so good at so many things. I'm just consistently learning. Hey, if you can get your friends and family involved. I like to travel. I don't travel alone. I get my friends and family involved. When I go to the range, the worst on my marksmanship is the cool thing to do with the homeies, with the friends of the Mike and I can kick it with the friends. You know, I work out with the friends. Right? It makes it more fun to something about human connection that's motivating. And sometimes if your friends are really into it, they'll help keep you accountable. And if they're better than you, they can serve as coaches. Step number nine, once you have a degree of proficiency in something, at least 100 hours, you can start teaching other people how to do. There's something about teaching that actually helps to teach you more than the person learning. If you really want to learn something, start teaching it. Because you have to have a certain degree of knowledge in it. But then you also have to explain it the way you understand it, because someone else and or explain it the way they understand it. And once you go through these explanations, you internalize it a lot better. So one of the reasons I'm so good at what I do is I'm a teacher. I've been a coach in fitness, in business, sales, marketing, that actually teaching it has made me better. The act of teaching it allows me to acquire a level of mastery, where they might just begin to start. And step number ten is to consistently study the craft. Whatever you're trying to work on studying, and it's going to help you teach it as well. If you teach what you're studying, and you're implemented, then that's how you gain mastery. So for example, my channel, you're probably in the fitness. One of the things that really helped me develop a mastery, a fitness is actually training other people. Because one thing that trained myself when I started training other people, I took it to the next level. And I had to study even more in order to teach. Then people started asking me how I built my own fitness business. I was making multiple seven figures and I started teaching that. And I got better at that. It forces you to have to keep studying, keep teaching, and applying what I learned, applying what I teach, and I just get way better and better. If fitness and or business is something that you're interested in, I have a free resource for you to study. It's called the 10 Commandments of Online Training. And it'll show you how to actually build or grow your online fitness business. Even if you don't have a lot of experience, even if you don't have a big following, even if you've not certified. It's called the 10 Commandments of Online Training is free. The link is in description. Thank you.