Pay attention, get your notebook out. Cause in this video, I am going to break and down the 12 habits of millionaires. These are the habits that help make me a multi-millionaire. And I have a lot of fucking super rich friends. You know, me and my homies would be court side at the heat games. We ballin' shot, callin', my friends own yachts and shit, all my friends got a super car. And here are the 12 habits that they all have in common. And the last habit is the most important. Without the last one, it's gonna be difficult to succeed even if you do everything right. The first one is time management. My boy Jeremy, he's super rich, right? He just bought a new McLaren, but he already has a fucking of rose Royce and a fucking Porsche and ringweight. He's super rich. I have a big pin house, a barman. His balcony on his pin house is bigger than my whole condo. It might be the biggest balcony in a condo. Sometimes I'll hit him up like y'all, let's take the girls to dinner, like his girl, me and our girls will go to dinner. And he'll be like y'all, what time? And then I'll say a time boom. They said, you know, he says me a cool calendar in bite. This is fucking normal at the high levels. Pretty much every multi-millionaire I know, really manages their time where they live out of their calendar. How they work for me is I plan every hour of every day in my calendar. And this way the day is choreographed. As a result, if you start doin' this, what's gonna happen is you start noticing you get way more done in the day than you used to get. If you do that for 90 days, I promise you. You'll make more progress in those 90 days and you did the whole year before when you just freak style in every day. But you understand, this is what it's like at the high levels, right? People are serious about their calendars, right? And this series about their time management. I have a whole other video on time management. You could check out if you need to. The next habit is relentless positivity. No matter what's goin' on, they look for a way to make money off it. We can't even see the world through that lens. This got to be a way we can make money off this. My home and money bird, he's probably one of my richest friends, right? When COVID hit, he immediately was telling me, all right, listen, this was happening. We're gonna start shortin' the market. And he was looking for money making opportunities. He made a few million. The first week of COVID, when she started setting down, then he bought even more stocks and found ways to make money off it. So, no matter how bad shit is, they're always looking as a way to benefit from it. They never get too down to the press. And what happens is, if you're looking for ways a situation of benefit, you'll find. If you focus on knowing how bad things is, it's kind of like when you were when your friends is new car, you start seeing that car everywhere, right? You're not an X-man, you didn't attract that shit, you ain't professor Xavier, right? That car was already there, you just didn't notice it because you wasn't looking for anymore. It wasn't in the attention. It's the same thing with positivity. If you're looking for ways to get money, you'll find them. They're there, but if you're looking at, oh, complaining about how bad shit is, then you'll find that too. And when I notice this, all my rich friends, we all think like that. And if somebody's negative, they're just not really in our circle. You get them saying, and I wouldn't want them in our circle because my friend gets into car and I start seeing that car everywhere, right? What happens if he always bring me his fucking problems to shit? What am I gonna see? I'm gonna see problems as well, but if he's always talking about how to get some money, I'm gonna see that too, just like the car. The next key is they live below their means. My friends are ballin', my focus got yots, boats. Someone got planes. My home in Eric's buffer got a fucking plane. Why he was getting money, he wasn't fucking wasting it on luxuries, right? He bought his plane after he sold his company for over $100 million. He's built a big company, sold for $100 million, then he bought the plane and the yacht and shit. So you wanna live below your means and keep investing that money into either your business or real estate or stocks. And then you start flexing off the money you get from the assets, right? That's the key to get in rich. You got to make more money you spend and invest the difference. And then you flex with the money that the investments are making. The money that you work to make, that's like a seed, right? Instead of eating the fucking seed, you plant that seed in the ground and then when it grows into a tree, starts bare fruits, then you eat the fruits. They all live below their means and they flex with money that comes from the assets. Even me, like, if you watch me on YouTube over the last fucking 14 years, I've been on YouTube. I was not flexing, I was wearing a fucking Apple watch and fucking some regular shit, no shirt for years. And it wasn't until my money for my assets started making enough money for the luxury. Then I started buying APs, richer meals, diamond chains and all that other shit. That's when I started upgrading my lifestyle, move to my amy big fucking penthouse condo, audition. But before that, living below my means, invest in the money. And nothing new that is track spending. All my rich friends take their account in seriously. They don't fuck around with it. They know how much they're spending. They even have a budget, even the ones that look like they're fucking flexing. They have a budget for flexing. And they track their spending. They know exactly how much it's coming out. Especially in their business, is they're rich. They're really tracking the money in their business, too, right? Most of us do the accounting for our business. We might have an account it verified or CPA, right? But we're handling the day that they move into money around it and manage it. So you have track you're spending, know your accounting. You have to know your numbers. If you ever watch Shark Tank, after they do their wacky presentation, they tell some bad jokes. They should not really start to miss the wonderful says. Yeah, but it tells about the numbers. How much money you make in? What's your cost for acquiring a customer? What are your margins? You ever watch Shark Tank and they don't know the numbers. No damn of fuckers nagging to deal. They're going to get laughed out the Shark Tank. Or if the numbers are bad, you've got to know your numbers. Track you're spending, do the accounting. You've got to know your numbers. Next thing is investing. All my rich friends invest. They're either constantly investing in their business, or they're buying fucking stocks, real estate, and or crypto. And we talk about investing. We talk about it. We give each other investment tips, advice. Because the investment is what's going to pay for the luxury. So the series about the investment. You've got to learn how to invest. The next habit that all my rich friends do is they delegate. You know, my boy, Dan Martell. He's one of my other super rich friends. He's become a pretty popular YouTuber over the last year or two. When I met him, he had like fucking 10,000 YouTube subscribers. Now he's got like, goes to a million or so, right? Anyway, he wrote a book called Buy Back Your Time. And he was saying the same shit that people would make fun of me for saying. It was like, yeah, man, I don't fucking cook. I don't clean, I don't do all the other shit. Even when I was broke, I would delegate that shit and pay other people to do it. Because they bought me what time. And with that time, me personally, I want to spend all my time making money or hanging out with my friends and family. So I need to buy my time and you need to delegate that shit. So, you know, put in the housekeeper fucking team, the immigrants comes and clean the house every week. Items and a bug in the balcony, cleaners come clean the balconies. We got four balconies. They clean the windows. Like, I think it's another, I don't even book my own flights. I got assistance to do that shit. They know what to do. Even when I was just first starting out, I was going when I was working the life. And I needed more time to work. I looked at how much money I was making. And I looked at how much it cost to get somebody off task rabbit to clean my house. I was like, hmm, if I spend that time working, for example, let's say I typically make $100 an hour, right? If I pay some $50, the clean my house, that means the net profit, if I work during that hour instead of clean, I make $50. If you're cheap, you'd be like, oh, I'll just do it myself. I'm not going to pay some, I want to do it. But you don't say $50 on the old circumstances. You lose $50 because you could have worked and made a hundred. And you had a net profit of 50. It's really just mad. That's why it's important to know your numbers. So you know what to delegate. Right? My first videos I made on YouTube, I edited it the first 1000 videos. But it was time consuming. And even though I started to enjoy it, I still hired the first person I hired was Harry, because I opened it the buyback that time. Even though I enjoyed it, as I meant, I can make more money if I spend my time doing something else. And Harry added the videos. Now we have Harry and him full-time editors and they have teams in shit and I spend the time doing it. And I make more money as a result, even though I have to pay them a lot of money. You've got to be able to delegate. The next habit of all my music is different. If they have multiple streams of income. Now here's the caveat. I know you heard that most millionaires have like seven streams of income or something like that. Here's the thing, they got rich with one. They made most of the money with one stream of income and then they started to diversify. And I was starting my business. I wasn't fucking investing in crypto and stocks and real estate. Notice I should simultaneously because business is hard. 80% of business is failed. Less than 5% of businesses make it to a million dollar mark. It took everything to make my first million dollars in business. I didn't have to bandwidth the energy you were time to mentor or financial resources. Statistically starting in six months of business wanted to think the most difficult things in the world. Only 7% of the population are millionaires. Statistically the odds of the ninety-favorites had to vote everything to it. Well, once I started getting some money then I started diversifying my income and investing in other things. My first one was my own life business business. That was my first business that I made a million dollars away. Now I see two of the best out there online. Fitness business. If you want to learn more about that, I got a free ebook called the Tank Commandments of Online Training. You can click the link in the description down below for free. It'll give you the game planning. See if it's right for you because you might read him but I go out. This is not right for me. Or you might read him but like this is awesome. But at least check out the book is free. The next habit of what time millionaires is long-term planning. All my rich friends they have like a long-term plan. They're thinking like 5-10 years out with their investments with their game plan. I mean, we want to make money as fast as possible but we're thinking long-term. Typically when you take long-term decisions, those are almost always better than short-term decisions. These have feel good short-term are usually bad for you long-term and vice versa. For example, if you want eating candy in cakes, it feels great in the moment but long-term is going to have negative ramifications. That's just one example. However, eating motherfucking vegetables in shit may suck in the moment until you develop a quieter taste for them. But long-term is going to be good for your health. Same shit with your financial health. The laying gratification may suck short-term but long-term is better for you. The next habit of all my millionaire friends is networking. Now here's the caveat. You've all heard that your network is your network. It only matters once you've got it popped. A lot of times, grow boys be trying to fucking network and like, when you ingest shit to offer a brok boy, fuck you want a network for. You don't want to network, you want to siphon fucking value for motherfucking who got it popped. Networking is only valuable once you got it popped. And once you have shit popping, then you can actually add value to the people you network with and now it's mutually added in pages. That's when networking works. If you just out here trying to siphon fucking value from motherfucking who got it popped, it's not going to work. Like why the fuck should they help you or fuck with you? You have to carry any way out of your doing charity. If you got something to offer, right? If you have some value, then you can present, then they'll be excited to network with you. You can get it popping on your own. You can get your business or $200,000 a year on your own. And then you start networking and people on your level. And then as you move up, you start networking with people who are like slightly above. And it is valuable. It is valuable, but it's only valuable after you can't get it popped. And the next habit on my friends have is they take risk. But here's the thing, they're calculator risks. They're not out here fucking gunsling and just doing anything. So for example, I have a formula I use to take risks. First I think about what's the worst that can happen. I don't try to show you a code it. If anything, I try to make it worse. It was the worst possible outcome it is. And I think about that. Like everything went wrong. What would that look like? And then I, myself, can I handle that? Sometimes answers no. And I'm like, all right, it will be a risk. I don't want to take it. The answer is yes, then I'm probably going to take it. It may seem like I'm taking big risks, but they're so calculated. And then I ask myself a third question if I decide I can't handle it. What can I do to either prevent the worst that can happen or mitigate its effects if it does happen? And then I make a plan to do that. I built myself multiple safety nets. Once I went through that whole process, then I'm confident taking the risk. But I accept the risk. The last habit all my rich friends has is they're always learned. We get together. They were suggesting fucking books and shit. We're joined in different masterminds. I'm learning from them or they're learning shit for me. They might ask me, oh man, how can I build my social media better? You know, I was asking money bird for stocket investments. I asked my boy, taught me about a section A real estate. I started investing in that when I was running my own Facebook ads. I had my boy Jeremy coaching me and helping me with my ads. Right? We learned from each other. We're also suggesting different books and different courses and different shit for each other as well. And they didn't see when you have a bunch of high level friends. They become what I call friend tours. They're like your boys. They probably better than you had something. And we form like Voltron and shit. We're like Ninja Turtles. I may be Michael Langello with the Numb Chucks, right? But Jeremy, he done a tell-o. Tom, maybe he roughed my yellow or some shit air spoffer. He might be motherfucking Dona tell-o because he'd have ridges one. We are value each other. So we can learn from each other and it's dope. And you need to always be learning too. My first business where our main main house was online training. Now teach other people how to start their online fitness business. If you want to learn how to do it, I got a free ebook. Link in the search got the 10 Commandments of online training. And it really gives you the game plan to show you what it's like to be online trainer. It's not a get rich quick scheme. If you find a get rich quicksmean, please let me know. Because I've been looking for one for 40 years and I found one. However, it's a good business for you to start if you love fitness. Right? And if you love helping people accomplish your goals. Because if you love it won't feel like work, then you can make money doing some you love. And that's why I found this so rewarding. But if you are interested in all of this down those books, read it for free. And then decide if that's something that's for you and that. Maybe you won't be. Right? We should check it out. All right. Links in the description. All right.