In this video, I want to break down the 21 dark persuasion techniques that will help you sell anything to anyone. These are techniques that I have used personally to build several multi-eight figure businesses and teach over 15,000 students to start their own online business. Now you want to pay attention to this video, you want to take Copie's notes and really pay attention to the last one because the last one is going to be one of the most important ones you've ever heard in your life. The principles I'm about to teach you are based off three books that I read about 10, 12 years ago. First one is called The One Sentage Persuasion Course. The next book is Influence by Robert Chaldingney. And this one of my favorite books, I used to I've read this well, no bullshit over a hundred times. It used to be times I listened to this audio version of this book and it was re-runned it back. So every day I'm at the gym walking around, I was just keeping this in a book, it is fantastic. Every time I learn some new. And then the third book is a book I used to keep secret. I like this book so much I used to not talk about it publicly. The reason I didn't talk about it publicly was because I didn't want my competitors to get the knowledge in that book and be better suited to compete with me. But now I'm so rich and successful that that word competitor is used very loosely on my part. Just because you study the Bible and only you compete with Jesus, right? These motherfuckers can't really catch up. Alright, let's get into it. The one sentence persuading course is, but the round is one sentence. People will do anything for those who encourage their dreams, justify their failures, alive their fears, confirm their suspicions and help them throw rocks at their enemies. I'm going to break down every part of that sentence. So the first part encourage their dreams. Here's what we need to know about psychology. Sigma Freud was a coped up pervert, but he's also the father of modern psychology. And oh, 44 he said that all people, every decision everyone makes, they're either moving towards pleasure or away from pain. So pain, pleasure. All human decision making is based off this principle. Everybody's moving either towards perceived pleasure or perceived pain. And Blair said, encouraged their dreams, right? They talked about the part where we get them to move towards perceived pleasure. When you're thinking about your product or service that you're selling to people, you don't want to think about the features of it. You want to think about what is going to do for them. People don't buy features. They buy benefits. For example, you know, I was looked at all the specs on this iPad mini when I bought it, but the truth is, all I cared about is what that's going to do for me. I needed something I can make these amazing drawings on YouTube and showing you. I bought the benefit a lot of times in the fitness industry. I used to have a sublimic company. We had an exid at one point. I can't talk about the details of it, but it worked out pretty well for me. But when I had my sublimic company, obviously a lot of sublimic companies would make the mistake of talking about, we have this most citrline, this much, L.R.G.N. This much creating blah, blah, blah, blah. They only talked about the features. But I talked about what it would do for you. Let me explain it. Yeah, I talked about, so like for example, this was one of our sublimic. It was rebellion pre workout home. Right. Yeah, and I said what was in it, all this stuff. That is cool. You got to tell people what's in it, but that's not the main thing, man. It's explosive pre workout energy system. And I talked about what is going to do for them, helping crease intensity, amazing taste, and flexibility, promotes explosive energy. Yeah, I could talk about, oh, it has citrline. It has beta, l, l, me, you know, caffeine, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. But now, man, when I wrote the copy for this shit, and we used this was one of our best southern products. We look at the copy, I'm talking about what is going to do for you. I believe this is the copy I wrote. Words to increase your strength and maximize endurance. They're ingredients and rebellion are designed to optimize your performance and intensity in the gym. Right, because that's what motherfuck is one. Right, that's what is going to do for them. Proving ingredients promote fat loss, right? I'm telling about what is going to do for you, right? The major key, when you're marketing and talking about what is going to do for them, somehow is going to improve their life and increase perceived pleasure. As very important, you got to set the tone of why they should fuck with your shit. Now, the next part of the one sentence persuasion course was justify their failures. This is not a political statement, but I think that Donald Trump is the best marketer of all times. I'm not political at all, 100% apolitical, but that's just taking too kind of. He became president without holding any public office before that. Only one of the guy did that. That was Dwight Owls and Howard. And he had the motherfuck and saved the world and killed Hitler to do it. Trump just had to know marketing and he didn't. Like, no one's ever done it. Now, one thing that Trump always did when he's out at these rallies and he's talking about all the problems that the people he wants to both from. He's like, all these people that have problems, they fucking inflation, then jobs, I'll leave it. He's always blames it on someone else. He never says to his followers, hey, you motherfuck is need to work harder. Hey, oh jobs are leaving your state. Jobs are leaving the shit fucking town you living. He's now telling them to move. Because that's the logical thing to do. Man, if like the jobs are leaving the town fucking move. The fucking migrants got enough sense to go to where the jobs are. Instead, what he does is he says, hey man, it's China's fault. It's a legal immigrants. Meanwhile, I never seen an immigrant. I'm not even a motherfucking job, I want it. All the immigrants I see are delivering my motherfucking Uber watching dishes at restaurants or editing my videos. The always fucking blame someone else for his constituents problems. Think about that. That is a marketing strategy. You have to justify their failures. Because if you make someone feel like the shit there's going through it's not there for it. And they'll love you for it. Remember, when I first started hiring people with a clean up my apartment back in New York, there was a zone of making lady who used to come clean the crib and I was like, oh man, I'm sorry man, this place is so fucked up. She said, no, no, she said, what the go on? It's okay, you, you, you, my den busy too busy too clean. But she said, oh, no, it's basically she was saying those are the other one to speak pet why what she was saying is, yeah, you too busy. Actually, feel better about myself. I had that chick's clean my fucking crib until I moved. As you made me feel good about it, right? So if you're marketing or trying to sell someone and they're failing, if you can find a way to blame it or something else, blame their fucking failures or something else, or to say how, hey, it's not your fault. It's not your fault. You got this going on, right? Right? They will love you for it. It's a big reason why Trump's fan base is so fucking enthusiastic. It's one of the reasons. Every guy, every guy, every guy, at least once or twice in their life, they had a fucking night where they couldn't get it up. You know, the girls else, okay, have to say everyone, everyone. As you made you feel good about it, or maybe starts using that mouth to get it right, you're loving for it even more. You know what I'm saying? Oh, thanks for the mouth. You got this shit popping. My contrans what if that girl said, I wish you was a real man who had a work in dick. You wouldn't want to see that chick again when you want to be persuasive. Just to find their failures. I'm telling you, if you want to see an action watch politics, they always say it's someone else's fault for their constituents problems, 100%. Or they'll blame the other side. It's the liberal fucking, saying all our fucking money. You know what I'm saying? Or they'll say, oh, it's the, we need to tax the rich, you know? Oh, my tax me. What do you want to tax me for, bitch? The next principle is a lie there fears. Fear is a really powerful emotion. And it can paralyze people to truly connect with them and persuade them and eat the dressed those underlying fears that they have. We got to go back to the big homey Trump. When he first ran for president, came down to escalator, he said immigrants are coming over here, you know, and they're bringing drugs and they're bringing murder and they're bringing rape straight up fear. I love the astrue. I love immigrants, man. They deliver my food every day. I love immigrants. I think the best thing about America is we get some of the best people over here. My fuck with immigrants. I'm not making a political statement. I'm saying he used fear to galvanize his base. But that goes back to what the homey Freud was saying. Every decision people made that he'd move towards pleasure. We covered a lot of that or away from pain. So if you see politics, man, they're always talking about some shit you should be scared of. Politicians are fucking marketers. They're always talking about some shit that they, that you need to be afraid of. Scared of. You also see that in other other industries. Like, when we're talking about that repellent, this product doesn't be out soon, I tell you, man, all the dangers that can happen if you let a thought and for trait your life. What happens if you get a thought pregnant? Now you want the morris show trying to figure out if it's you to father or not. You're hoping that more you say you're not the father, but you don't know you scared. That's what you need thought repellent to make sure it doesn't happen. Me just saying that right now, probably scared some of y'all into buying some thought repellent because you want to what? Avoid pain the way Freud talked about. It's very important. The next step in the Winston's persuasion course was confirm their suspicions. So sometimes people have like a good feeling about something. They may doubt themselves or they may feel like somebody's against them or they have all these conspiracy theories of what's going on. And you can really build their trust by showing them that you understand their perspective. Or even saying that it's true. I like to use politics as an example. I'm not political again. I want to say this 100% or 100% apolitical. Politics is a great example. Somebody's running for president. He has to persuade half the country, at least half the country to vote for him. So one of the things he does confirm their suspicions, what his Trump say, is that Democrats are lying to you. He's saying that they're trying to make your kids gay or some shit right, you know? Yeah. I don't like a button coming. Those are the water. They turn the friggin' frog's gay. Now let me give you a better example. I live in Florida. I moved here. And I got family members who are young family members, niece and nephews who go to school and Florida. I got a lot of friends with young children in schools in Florida. The governor, he had this bill that people couldn't talk about homosexuality in schools. Right? It sounds legit. We shouldn't be talking about that stuff. I guess, right? I get it, especially the young kids. The thing is, he made a law saying they can't do it. And people were like, yeah, people got real galvanized, but the thing is, it wasn't like a real thing. Like my niece and nephews ain't never got no gay homework. They never had motherfucking trainee book reports. Or no shit like that. Like it wasn't a real thing. And I remember I started asking all my friends with young children. The kids couldn't gay homework. And he was like, no, man, we never had no gay homework. You were like, you wasn't getting like, they have to have right training book reports or nothing shit like that. He was like, no, man, we never. I'm like, oh, people were kind of scared. And they had suspicions about this. So he solved the fake problem. But he really galvanized his base. He gets reelected. And the beauty of it is for him that he didn't have to solve a real problem. Right. He didn't have to address the average like grades and reading levels of Florida students are plummeted. He didn't have to address that. He didn't have to talk about the childhood obesity epidemic that's happening. He didn't have to address that the number one killer of Floridians is childhood obesity. Because it's easier to fix a fucking fake problem than it is to fix a real one because if you fix a real problem, you got to do something. But if you make something up, that people are scared of anyway, that now you get people excited about it. It wasn't a real thing, man. Why don't you talk to so many parents? Like, I had just moved to you. And I was concerned, like, fuck man, do I want to move to Florida? They teach and they teach and kids to be gay. It wasn't real, man. Right. But he confirmed his suspicions. Will it really not? If you can do this in your market, it should be real. Right. I wouldn't make shit up like our government did. But if you can find something real and it's a super powerful technique to galvanize people, my favorite part of the one sentence persuasion course is help them throw rocks at their enemies. I usually listen to YouTube space a lot, especially YouTube fitness space. People can get real popular of shading on other YouTubers, especially fitness. Saying someone is on drugs or is a fake netting, right? It does a few things. One, it confirms their suspicions. It also justifies their failure. As I imagine, if somebody's in better shape than you, then you either got to take that mental ill, right? That low status of this person's in better shape than me. Or, but if they're cheating, it's like, oh, but he's cheating, right? It justifies your inferiority. And it's powerful. But if people are able to build huge following's of shit none of the creators. And I'm telling you, this shit is WWE though. Like, I do not believe they believe everything they say. I'm sure there are fake netties. They were saying that I was on Royce before I even started to testosterone replacement therapy. I was almost 40 and 42 now. I was close to 40 when I started testosterone replacement therapy and I was 100% transparent about it. I did a whole documentary about this shit. But people were saying I was on it before for years. Why? Because man, what that does is it makes me their enemy. It's like, oh, I'm not a failure. Brand is not in shape because he has his gift of work out in and over two decades. It's not because he tracks everything he eats. And my fitness pal for fucking 20 years. That's not why. It's because he's cheating. Right? I get it, right? And galvanizes the base. How do you use something like this in your market? How do you help them throw rocks on the enemies? Well, again, before bring back the politics. If you're a public, you say, hey man, it's the fucking gaze. He says the trainees. The trainees are doing it. Meanwhile, the transactional population is less than one percent. I never see none of these motherfuckers. Ever. I live in Manhattan. I live in less than five in my whole life. It's like not a real issue. If we villainize them, then it's like egg. It can galvanize people. So who do you make the villain? Who can you make the villain in your marketing? I remember once I came out with a program back when I saw fitness programs. And it was called the Terminator 2 Week Judgment Diet. I saw about it was extreme. And what I said was, all these fucking fitness influencers, they think you are pussy. That's why they tell you to do something sustainable. They tell you to do something that's fucking easy. Because they don't think you're fucking tough enough to do something hardcore. They say, oh, you need to do some sustainable. Something that you can make a lifestyle. And I said, no fuck that. Why would you want to make a glory deficit a lifestyle? It's fuck that. A glory deficit is literally my old starvation. Why would you want to sustain starvation? Instead, get as ripped as possible as fast as possible. And then maintain your ideal weight. Make your ideal way sustainable once you get there. But let's get ripped fast as possible. And I said, these other influencers, they don't want you to do that because they think you are fucking pussy. They don't think you're tough enough to do nothing hardcore. And you know what they might be right. And I made the fitness industry, was the enemy. It's therefore that you still fat. Because they got you on this pussy shit in the name of it being sustainable. What you need is some fucking hardcore. We made 100 grand off that first week. I don't know. I just... Now I want to move on to one of my favorite books. This book is like the Bible. It's like the market in Bible for me, right? No disrespect to the big homie, J. Rob. And it's called influence by Dr. Robert Chaudini. And yes, basically six what he calls weapons of influence. They can help persuade people into doing things. And influence them into making decisions that are favorable for you. The first weapon of influence that Chaudini talked about was called reciprocity. Meaning when you give something to someone or help them with something, they're more likely to want to help you with something or give you something. This is Chaudini, not me. I try to get canceled. But he was in the book talking about how like someone, I really weary about accepting gifts for men or even dinners. Because there's a psychological pool that makes you want to do something toward for them or be more... That's Chaudini, don't cancel me. How can you use this to make more money for yourself? One thing I tell my students who I teach how to grow their own life in this business, I teach them one strategy to give away something free to their audience. Instead of when you're marketing, you're like, hey, buy my shit, buy my shit. No, no, first of all, you give them a lot of good advice. So you're giving out free advice. Oh, but then you can give them something free. Sometimes it's a free course, sometimes it's a free ebook. And the thing is it has to be good. This won't work if you give out some bullshit. If people think they can just throw some bullshit together, no, it has to be good. It has to be helpful. Because if you actually give them something that's helpful, then according to the law of reciprocity, the book will be for subconsciously feel almost identity. Let me give you examples. So this is one of my students, Corey Armstrong. He made over $400,000 last year as an online trainer. He's one of my star students. And I'll show you some of his content. So he's going to give some good advice. I'da give ribs eating sweets. I got donuts from the salty donut. It's going to help me lose body fat. Cheaters do win. But there is a right in the wrong way. In order to lose fat, you have to be in the calorie deficit. After a period of your body adjusts to that deficit, fat losses a hormonal process. Your body is constantly trying to hold on to as much body fat as possible. And so after a while it gets adjusted to it and it will hormones to stop. You've ever had a plateau. This is what happened. In order to get your body out of that, it is beneficial to have a high calorie day. Or what I like to call a cheat day. I teach my clients a six steps forward one step back. We go six days hard in the direction of their goal. And then we take one day to refeed the muscles, build the metabolism and get more fat loss. If you want to learn more about that, go ahead and type the word course below and I'll send you the free big belly blast or core. All right. So he's doing a few things here. I teach my students one. He gave away a lot of free advice in the actual video. Right? This bill is good will. And it actually helps people. Right? He's giving up a bit. He's giving up a bit. Then I'll send you my free course. Boom, lot of you see these people typing course in here. Boom. And he's sending them free courses. Right? The course has to be good. In the content has to be good. It won't work if you give them away some bullshit. It just won't work. What happens is those people are easier to sell to them. Because they don't help them twice and gave them a bunch of free shit. Does that make sense? They build reciprocity as well as they know him and like him and trust him more. As he's given away so much gain for free. If they actually benefit from their free shit, what happens is people say man, if his free shit is this good. Imagine why happens if he actually was my trainer. You also build trust. I do it too. All the time, I'm about to do it right now. Check it out. Hey, if you want to learn how to make money like the homey corey and my other students, I got a free ebook called the 10 Commandments of Online Training. It'll show you how to grow your own life in this business, even if you don't have a big problem. Even if you're not certified, even if you don't have a lot of experience, the link is in the description. Go ahead and download that now. This is my star student right now, Kelly Nicole Fit. She doesn't even have as many followers as corey, but she made $1.5 million last year's online training. I want to show you how she uses it. You kind of macros before, but you never saw any progress from it, listen up because this is why. A lot of people think they just need one macro calculation and eat it that forever and they'll make progress. But that's simply not the case. A lot of people need to go through a lot of macro adjustments to get to that end goal that they have. For some people, that means 15 to 30 different adjustments to their macros as their body changes. You don't know when to dress your macros or how to adjust them. Comment macros down below and I'll send you my free macro adjustment cheat sheet. Alright, so go. So she gave some advice in the video that's helpful. Boom, but then she's going to show you how to adjust your macros to give you the cheat cheat. Comment the word macros below and then you see all the people's commenting macros. Boom, she made $1.5 million last year. I hope they're right. Like somebody ebooks that she put out and she's doing fantastic. Again, if you want to see it, that's it. Go ahead and download the free ebook that's taking me up as a long live training. And you can see it, online training is even right for you. You may not be something that you're into, but my students are making a lot of money. Maybe it's right for you. Maybe it's not though. Maybe your reading is like, hey, it's not for me. I don't want to work on it. If you'd like help people come to their fitness goals, then it's probably the perfect business for you. The next weapon of influence is commitment and consistency. Wait, what Chau Dini says is, once we make a commitment, take a stand or express a point of view, we feel pressure to behave consistently with that commitment. It's a subconscious thing. We desire to appear consistent to others. This is why it's so difficult to change someone's point of view, especially like on policies. Somebody came out and said, ah, I'm a Democrat or I'm a Republican. You're basically never going to get them to vote for the other side. They've made this public declaration. And we have a subconscious, I as towards wanting to remain consistent. So Chau Dini gave some examples of studies that were actually done when they would ask people to put signs on their lawn for some calls. And they went around asking about the people to do it. And almost all the people said, no, I don't want to put your fucking sign on my lawn. I'm eager to get out of here, right? Then they ran an experiment again. And they asked people to just sign a petition that said that they were in favor of what the signs said. But not asking them to put a sign on my lawn. Just sign a petition saying that, man, I'm in favor. And this is something I fuck with. I'm down with this out, right? Then they went back a little bit later. And the people who signed a petition saying they were four of the calls. They were more than twice as likely to agree to put the sign on their lawn on a yard. And only thing that happened is they made a small commitment that they want to see inconsistent. When we were younger, we called this the just-the-tip strategy. Once you get a little bit of consent, it's easier to get further consent. Consent, it's important. How do you use this in your marketing? One thing you'll see a lot of marketers do is they'll say you something super cheap at first. Sometimes it's called a trip wire. And they'll offer you more expensive things down the line. And for example, once I was at a strip club, long time ago back before, you know, I was back before I found a Lord. I was at the strip club called the spear me rhino in Las Vegas, Nevada. With my boy, white boy, brine. We went to the stage. The strip club DJ was like, and that, well, good name's it. The stage, cinnamon, and this, like, occasion when we came out with a long red hair, presumably that's why her parents named her cinnamon. And she started twerking that thing. And I was like, no, me go to the Gringo. For a brine, you know, he was very enamored with her white physique. And he started, he started twerking that thing. In front of him, he was putting dollars in the right. When she got off the stage, she didn't come to me. I think that, to me, I wasn't tippered at all. You know, I was trying not to throw up on my mouth. She went straight to brine, right? Because he had already tipped her because it's easier to sell to somebody who already sold to because of what consistency, right? When you tip a girl on stage, what does she do? Those are your whole business strip clubs, you know? Yeah, she's going to ask if you want to dance. Typically, going to go to the person who tipped her first because it's easier to sell to someone you always already sold to. And if what you sold to initially was good, then they'll trust you more. And the way it's easier to have sex with someone you've already had sex with. Anyway, she starts dancing. He's like, two, three dances for $25 each or some $20 each. Some shit, right? She said you want to go to VIP room. Right? She keeps up selling them, right? And brine is excited to do it, right? Because it's easier to sell to somebody who already sold to. So brine is in the VIP room. Somehow, I ended up in the pre-the VIP room. Two, I remember what happened. I drank to wait too much that day. I get out to VIP room and I'm like, yo, white boy, brine. We got to get about it here, man. He was like, I already left. I'm in the cab with cinnamon. He had some hotel. And I was like, oh shit, and I had this like real unique feeling of, oh, pride. Because he's like my little brother, pride in extreme jealousy. I hop in the cab and I head to the hotel room. Now our hotel rooms were adjacent to each other. I get up there, I live in a walking mile hotel room. Down the hall, I see brine open the door with the shirt off. And then cinnamon comes out fully closed and he walked away. And I'm thinking, oh man, that was like, seven minutes. He learned some breathing exercises or learn how to do key goals or something, man. Like, and he was like, nah, man, I didn't even have sex with her. I'm like, why? He said, she wanted $500. Now I heard that that was actually a deal. She probably did like in my heart that was actually a hard, I don't know. She didn't just immediately offer him pussy for money, right? And she worked away up to that. Got small commitments from small sales. They got bigger gradually. And then she went for a big sale. I was looking at her like, shit, man, I got fun. I took this day. I don't know what brine did do it. I know he had found it. I thought, I saw this checks. I still saw this checks. How to use this in your business? Well, one thing I used to do back when we had the supplement coming, we would sell trial versions of our Faberner T-Rex. And you could just get it for $1. And we actually lost money on every $1 sale. But people who bought that, the average order, they would end up by way more shit. The lifetime value that customer really so much because once they got into our ecosystem, now they are customer. They tip us at the stage. Next, you know I'm Mexican for a dance. Next, you know I'm bringing them to the VIP room selling and pre-workouts and protein. After that, I'm like, yeah, you want to go back to the... Ha ha ha ha. Get a small commitment that you can get bigger commitment. It's the just-a-tip strategy. So the next weapon of influence from the book is social proof. So the core idea is that people have kind of like a hive mind. Basically, people want to do things more, the more they see other people doing it. The way each out of you can describe it was, it was a shortcut to make decisions. I want you to think about a lot of marketing principles. The brain takes up a lot of resources to think. So the brain is always looking for shortcuts, right? The brain uses 20% of your body's energy at rest. So it goes through great lengths to not think hard. It's sometimes it takes shortcuts. It wanted to shortcuts, it takes social proof. You've all done it. You go buy some more Amazon. What do you see? What do you look at first? The reviews. Am I right? How do you use this in your business? Well, first of all, you want to get a lot of great reviews. You want to get a lot of social proof and your shit has to be good. So I remember in 2014, I published a book called Ultimate Cut 7 Secrets to Burn Fat Fast Is Hale. You can see the reviews, right? You know, force 4 1 1 1 a.m star average. There was a few haters in there, but most people would love it. It was like 2% of them on motherfucking haters. You know, you get 3,000 people together. 2% of them are bitch niggas makes sense, right? But it's overwhelmingly people fucked with it. Now to do this, there's no trick to make it something good enough that people were right these kind of reviews. The only thing you have to make it really good. And I wrote this shit before AI 10 years before AI was out. You know, y'all got Chad Jippity. I was raw dog and literature right here. You know what I'm saying? Here's the thing though. How did this help my business? That this book, I wasn't trying to make money off the book. I did make some money off the book, but I wasn't trying to, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I price it the cheapest Amazon would let me price it on Kindle, right? But the key was in the book, I talked about one of a, a fat Bernie supplement we had called T-Rex. Back when I had my supplement line. And the first week this book came out, we fucking sold out at that shit. Because the book was good, right? And it was good information in there. This was really the thing that kind of helped me take my supplementary branch to the next level was this book, right? It was a kind of a Trojan horse. I snuck some marketing into the book. It worked out really well. But the social proof in this, in the, it was a time. I'm telling you, it was a time. Not anymore, but if you type burn fat on Amazon, this will come up on the first page. But I made sure it was good. So that's what you want to do with anything you have, right? You want to really go out of your way to get social proof and he gave referrals. And if you guys have had girlfriends, you noticed it like when we started liking you more and when you have a girlfriend. You know, it works like in business. If you have good friend group, people refer you friends, right? People are always talking shit about you. They would be difficult to make even friends. Like it works like this with everything. You definitely need to get the social proof. Pop it. My business now, I had to get trained at what teach people how to grow it on like in this business. The main way that I promoted is just testimonials from my successful students. So testimonials are a good way. Reviews, testimonials and just word them out. That's really the best marketing because that does the sales for you. You don't have to convince anyone. The next weapon of influence by Robert Chadini to help you sell more is liking. People have to like you or like your business in order to make purchases. If they don't like you or they don't like your business, even if your product is good, they won't fuck with it. I mean, if you example, Tesla's market share has been plummeting all year. But who were the main people buying Tesla's? Right? What can liberals? Right? Liberals. Because those are the people who want to save the environment. Like most conservatives, they don't really fuck with climate change at all. Right? So they don't even believe in that shit. Right? Who believes in that shit? Liberals. Right? So Tesla's were pretty much primarily bought by liberals. Eli, the CEO of Tesla, he came out in support of Donald Trump. He was wearing a mag at jumping up and down. He did a few Nazis to loot. Those weren't exactly in line with what his core market believed in. So what happened? People stopped buying Tesla's. The resale value of the cyber trucks. It's so bad that Tesla won't even take a minute for trade-ins. Tesla won't take in its own car for a trade-in. That's how bad it is. Right? Because he flipped the whole ideology of the brand. The brand was all these liberals who want to save the planet. That's why they drive in a fucking electric vehicle. Almost all the people on the web Tesla are fucking vegans or some shit like that. Those people traditionally aren't magas supporters. So he really fucked up the brand. And that's why you see the stock basically plummeting. Oh yeah, every sense he's been. Uh, fucking with the homey Trump. I'm not saying it's good or bad. I just want to illustrate that your product can be really good. But if people don't like you, then not going to fuck with it. The card didn't change. Same ugly fucking card. It looks like a goddamn futuristic Lego machine. The Tesla, the cyber trucks. It's the same shit. People fucked through it before. But they don't fuck with it. Now the only thing to change was the branding around the CEO. Now the same people who used to look at Tesla as a aspirational. They're fucking bombing that shit. All right. So how do we use this to our benefit? What I tell my students to do, the people I train in the businesses to think about who your target market is, think about their dreams, their hopes and aspirations, and become the embodiment of it. Become the embodiment of your target market, dreams, and aspirations. How did when I was first started my own life in this business? I was focusing on my target market, which was young men. That's my target market. So what I did was I thought, okay, the guy who's in between age of 20 to 30 was he into. What he really wanted is the motherfucking girls. In fact, a guy that age is difficult for him to think of anything but girls. So in almost all my videos, I had some girls that I knew in it. I put girls in a video. Not to be inclusive, or to include women in it, or like this is a motherfucking Marvel movie or something. No, it was to attract the dudes. I wanted them to look at me and be like, oh, this guy is living the life I want. He's ripped, he's in shape, he got some bread, and he's got a beautiful women around him consistently all the time. And I knew that's what my target market wanted. So when I embody that, at least from a marketing perspective, I didn't even have to make crazy claims about the product because they liked it. If you do this well enough, the product doesn't even have to be as good. It can be some regular shit. And it can be fine. Like when I had a sibling becoming, we weren't fucking changing the game. We weren't inventing new compounds. We had good formulas. I put together good formulas and it tastes good. But you could find shit in GNC that was competitive or like all around the same quality. You probably find some shit that was better. The bigger companies had more resources to me. I was just a fucking dude in Queens. Mark knew it was a bit of a story. Started to like it more. And for example, Kylie Jenner became a billionaire off the same shit. I grew up, she got some Kylie Jenner make up a shit. And I was like, is this shit like way better than Revlon or maybe lean or the other shit? And she's like, nah, it's pretty much the same. Why buy it from this shit as opposed to, you know, CVS where you can get the Revlon and all this shit because they like her. Likeing is super important when it comes to marketing. The more they like you, the easier it is to sell to him. One caveat is got to be good. Like this has to be a threshold of quality. You can't sell them no bullshit because then they would like you less. But as long as this fucking adequate, as long as it's competitive with the other shit in the marketplace, you have an advantage of people like you more. And you have a strong disadvantage if people like you less. Look at Tesla. So when he's E-Landed, the NAC, SLU, I was like, yup, let me buy some putts on Tesla stock. The next weapon of influence from Dr. Chalding is authority. He gave some examples of studies how people are more likely to buy a medication over the counter medication if a doctor was in the commercial. People trust authority, authority figures. But it doesn't necessarily have to be just like a doctor. There's more subtle ways to demonstrate authority. For example, it was a study in the book where they had a guy dressed in regular clothes, he looked like everyone else. He would cross the street before he had the light and they were trying to see how many people walked with him. When he was wearing regular clothes, some people walk with him, you know. But not everybody would do it. They put this guy in a sharp ass soup. Same guy, same street, just a different soup. He's dressed in clothing and they'd convey the authority. And then he went across street. More than twice as many people started crossing the street when they saw a motherfuck of what a soup do it. This was the demonstrate that people are really influenced by authority. How do you do this? In this industry. There's a lot of guys who got really popular on YouTube. I'm thinking like Jep Nipper, guys like that. Said it was just saying something that was showing you the science. I could say the same shit. In fact, sometimes I was saying the same shit. And we were like, oh, that's gross science. I'm like, man, I just, I'm just not on some nerd shit. I don't mean that in the derogatory way towards chef. I fuck with him. I'm subscribed or I'm a fan. He'll say the same shit, but then show a study and then people were like, oh, okay. Look at this. Oh, it's motherfuckers to the thru up anything. You motherfuckers wasn't reading. You wasn't even out of your fact checking Jeff. But the fact you just see throwing on the screen, it could be anything. So that's why I said, fuck man, I started doing that shit too. It was more convincing. I learned that from Jeff. But that's one thing you could also, when it comes to marketing, you're product or service though. You can become an authority. One thing I tell my students who I teach the grudder on my fitness business, any credibility is you markers that you have. Yo, you should show them. Because it gives you authority and people will believe you more. So if you're in a great shape, you need to actually show your body. Because people need to believe it. Right? You know, when I'm doing a fitness video, I got my shirt off. I might even spray some fucking shit on myself to make me look like I'm sweating. I'm on my muscles to glistening. So you're like, oh, this guy, I know what he's talking about. Sometimes I get guys who are in the military and I'm like, you're in the military. Why don't you have that shit? Army vet. You can get bio. They also credibility marker, man. Now you look, now you're not just some fucking guy. You were X-Marine. You want to show any kind of credibility or you can be next to people who have credibility. So like when NEMA trying to sell his video shed in shit, he was like, oh, I worked with Brandon Carter and people were like, oh, Brandon, you worked with Brandon Carter. And you'll see this when like, a lot of brands, big brands. Like Nike will get an athlete. Right? It's one thing that Nike says their shoes are awesome. Right? John Moran says those shoes are fucking awesome. Then it's like, all right, cool man. If I was Smith and Weston, I'd get John Grimmeran to endure. I'd give him his own signature. No, I'm millimetre. Man, Shaqin, Doris and anything. He's an NBA champion in VP, Olympian, Audition. When a rich mother of a say, this pop of John Pizza is lit, I'm a believe in man, because Shaq's big fat rich ass. He can get the best shit. Is rich fat boy said that shit? A Shaqaroni pizza must be delicious. Or you see with fit as brands, they pay influencers. Right? That's because they're trying to get credibility or authority, because they get people who have authority in that space. But you want to make sure that the people have credibility if you attach your brand to someone else or yourself, where you want to have credibility, right? If Nick Cannon was out here endorsing contraception. And I'd be like, mm, mm. That's the shit I need to stay away from. You know, you're going to attach authority to your product of service, either by you becoming an authority, maybe you need to get more credibility marketers for yourself and or bring in other people to endorse your product that has credibility or get evidence from credit, predable people. These would be like study academic studies, a shit of that nature. The next weapon that influence from Shaq Dini is scarcity. People want what they can't have. And they know and appreciate things that are abundance. This is why, you know, a lot of luxury watch brands, a limit production, they could make more Richard Mills, right? They make it difficult to buy. It's difficult to just go in to Richard Mill or Rolex and just buy a Rolex. I know, I tried. It's like took me a minute to get one. Like I went in there, I was trying to get the titanium, yeah, master. And it was a year after it came out. And then people at Rolex, they said, man, it's going to be a while. We're going to put you on a wait list, but it might be on it for years. I haven't even seen one of those in person. It's what she said, like she works at the Rolex store. It makes it more valuable. And then you can see on the reach the resell market, people are selling news ones. Because the scarcity watches are like the only thing that it costs more used. A used great market watch will cause more than retail because you can't just go buy it retail. So scarcity is something you can utilize to really get people to want things more. You'll see other companies who just even know Amazon sometimes you're going to Amazon. And they'll say only three left, hurry. You probably bought that shit right away. I know I have. That should be a lie. It doesn't have that. And I'm not saying you should lie, right? But I'm just saying that shit works. Like the scarcity people want what they can. And they don't appreciate it with it easily. For example, I think Cartier makes great watches, fantastic watches. But you can just go on the store and buy a Cartier, right? They don't have the same kind of manufacturer scarcity. It's still the number two watch a brand in the world. So they're doing great for themselves. But as a result, a used great market secondhand Cartier is significantly less than a retail Cartier because you could just go on the store and buy a Cartier. A Rolex is going to be above retail, most of the time. And it's all because of scarcity. This is why fucking diamonds are so expensive. They look nice, right? But the truth is they're just as scarce and difficult to get and they take fucking thousands of years to make natural, natural diamonds. And that's why lab diamonds are cheap. If you can lab diamonds when they're making them in the lab, they make them in a day. And they get make unlimited supply. I'm so as cheap, right? They're almost identical. But because one is scarce, it's more expensive. How do you do that with your product or service? Well, I tell my students to take advantage of that. For example, I teach people out of a girl they're all my fitness business. And one of the things that teach them to do is to actually say how many spots you have left. You end up in the only Afas spots left, right? Say, it's the truth because you can't train an unlimited amount of people. Unless, of course, you start hiring coaches underneath you. Which a lot of my students do, my students will make big money. Like the students will make over a million hours a year. They have coaches who work underneath you. But the ones who are making tens of thousands of dollars per month, they're doing it all themselves. And they can't take unlimited amount of people unless they start adding to their business, adding employees, right? Because the average online trainer can only manage about 50 clients. So start saying it, man. I got five spots for online training. When people say she liked that, it really, they really fill up because people like, oh, it's scarce now. They want it now. Matter of fact, if you guys want to learn more about how to grow your online fitness business, actually have a free ebook called the 10 Commembs of Online Training. And it'll show you how to do it. You know, hit the link in the description. Right now you can download it for free. And it really just gives you a lot of game on how to grow your online fitness business, how to grow your following, how to stand out amongst a crowded market. And this is even if you don't have a big following, even if you're not certified, even if you don't have a lot of experience, it will show you, it will really give you the game on how to get it popping. But scarcity is something that you definitely want to utilize. It has to be true. If you've got a bunch of experience where you can't lie. But if you only got a few left, they need to know that. They need to know that. These next techniques are going to come from a book that I like so much. I used to never tell anybody about it because I didn't want my ops or competition to get their hands on it. Because I felt like it was so good. And not a lot of people knew about it. But I'm going to share with y'all because I'm actually rich now. And to compete with me, it will be a dubious proposition to say the least. This book is called Secrets of Power Negotiating by Roger Dawson. This one is about negotiating. The one sentence persuasion book was more an overview. Influenza was more concepts as well. This is more on a ground level. One of my first takeaways from this book, when this is going to be secret number 12, is always make the other person feel like they want it. Always make the other person feel like they want it. So when you're negotiating with someone, you never would have been feel like you beat them. Or you hurt their ego. Because a lot of times you have to work with this person you negotiate with. Or you're there a client or whatever. You want to feel like they won. Even if it was your plan all the long, you got exactly what you wanted. They should feel like they won. A good example in a book was Roger was about to speak at some event. And there was some people in front of him. And they were talking about Roger, but they didn't know he was behind him. And one of the guys said, this next speaker man I heard it, I heard if you talked to him long enough, he'll take the gold out of your teeth. And Roger, it's interrupting the said, if you take the gold out your teeth, that's stealing. If you give me the gold from your teeth and then thank me for it, that's my goal she gave it. Right, you wouldn't even make it feel like this. There are ideas. How do you do that in the business context? A lot of people do this in pretty, the fairies ways. So the submen come to GNC, the submen store. But they used to have this thing called super Tuesdays. They actually got sued by the federal government for this. And they had to stop doing this. Where if you were a gold car member at GSC, you got 20% off everything on Tuesday. But what really happened was that would mark shit up 20% and then say you got a deal. And you said that you ever had a deal, they're marked it up. And then decreases that the regular price that it was already was. And then you went in there, you felt like you got a deal. And they made a lot of money on super Tuesday. I remember before I knew they were doing this, I would wait till Tuesday to go buy supplements from GNC. I felt like I was getting the deal. I felt like I won. That's in the the fairies way to do it. You can do that in ways that aren't evil. As well, the key to sales is not to try to convince someone to buy something. Or not try to talk them into it. It's really you want to ask them questions until they convince themselves. You're really good sales person or negotiator. They ask you, man, how do I get started? Or how do I buy? And what you do that is whatever you're selling, all products or services solve a problem. For example, to say you were selling online coaching. You were going to help somebody lose weight. You were asking, man, how much weight do you want to lose? And they'll say 15 pounds. And say, why do you pick up number? What makes that go important to you? How's that going to improve your life? I'll have more confidence. I'll fit in my clothes better. And then you say, okay, what's been the main thing has been preventing you from accomplishing that goal? And they'll say, oh, man, it's just my diet. I don't really know what to eat. And you know, I just eat whatever. So it sounds like you're saying you need a plant. You know, I'm like, yeah, yeah, I can't. And then this is a simplified version of you. And you're like, here's what I do for my clients who have similar problems. It's you. When my clients want to lose weight first, for all, I talked to them about exactly what foods they like. What are their similar favorite foods? And I make a plan kind of based around some of those foods. So they don't feel like it's so restrictive. I make sure they're diet. Destruction in a way that takes all the guess work out for them. So they know exactly what they want. But they also don't feel like it's too restrictive. And as a result, my clients actually actually lose the weight in record time. And their whole life kind of changes. Does that sound like something you're interested in? Like, yeah, that's exactly what I need. Right? Now that, and now it's like, oh, that's exactly what I need. You know, and then you say, hey, what about that would be most helpful for you? If I get a plan and it takes all the guess work out, that'll be perfect for me. That's what I need, right? But of course it is, because that's what you said you need. If you do a good enough job of that, then they'll typically ask, man, so how do I get started? Now who's selling who? It's going to the next tip I got from Roger Dawson's book. This is a negotiation tactic called higher authority. You claim to need approval for someone to make the decision. Like, you can't make the decision unless someone else does it, right? A lot of people do this sometimes when they say, oh, I need to talk to my wife. I need to talk to my other. Sometimes I need to talk to my wife. Sometimes it's just a way to, to wheeze a lot of the deal. Where I can use this in your life is like, maybe they want to come on my podcast. I'm going to come on YouTube. And I'm trying to negotiate with them. We're trying to figure it out. I'm like, miss it. I don't know, man. I got to ask NEMA. NEMA runs the show, man. He produces the whole thing, man. I just yell at the cameras and people like it. But NEMA's in charge, man. He does the whole thing. Hey, man, listen, I don't know if we got space, man. I got to check with NEMA. So high higher authority, you can do that. Then you can always pass the buck to someone else. Let's say you're working with someone. You negotiated with someone. They're trying to get you to lower the price. And if it's your business, if it's just you, they know you can lower the price. But if you say, listen, man, I got to check on my business part of this man. I don't even know if we could do that, bro. He knows it. And you hire authority. I mean, it's a good negotiation tactic to have in your pocket. The next one is similar. He called it limited authority. Now you're claiming that you have limited decision making power. And you encourage the other side to make their best offer. Let's say I'm working with NEMA. Somebody want to sponsor the podcast. And it's trying to negotiate with me all the day to give me like a lowball offer. And I'm like, listen, I'm not even in charge of the podcast, bro. NEMA is in charge. I'm just behind you. I don't know if we go that price. It's going to take me some time to get back to you, man. I know he'll do it at this price. I can guarantee that. But anything above that, man, I just don't know. And a lot of times you say something like that, we're like, all right, let's just do it for that price. Next one. Number 15, one of my favorite strategies is called the Red Hairing. This is when you negotiate with somebody. And you introduce a minor issue that you don't really give a fuck about. But you make a big deal about this thing that you don't care about. And then you can see that in negotiation in order to get some more important later. I don't want to tell you all my son's name, but I got the name I wanted. But initially, when I first proposed the name to his mom, she liked another name better. And we were kind of going back and forth. So I said, you know what name I really like though? Thor. That's the one. Name which name is his name is Kid Thor. And I fucking made a big deal about it. Valk Thor, man. No, his name should be Thor. You know how cool that would be. Thor Carter? And I made a big deal. Made a big deal about Thor. Started arguments about Thor. Fucking stormed out the house once about the name Thor. And then I came back to our lives. And I've calmed down. Thor made it into much. I get it. You know, you don't like Thor. But we both kind of like this other name. Let's just go with that. That's my son's name. But it seemed like I conceded. Now I look like the reasonable one. Because I made up a bullshit. That. And now I would make no mistake. I would have took Thor. I'd have been very happy with Thor. But that's not what I really want. It was a red hearing. The next one, Robert. It's called tradeoffs. You recognize you always ask for something in return for every concession you make. And you frame it as if you do this. Then what are you going to do for me? Quick pro quote. For example, every time someone wants to bring something into the negotiation and some a new term or a new deal, you don't just let them add that shit. You say, okay, we can do that. What are you going to do for us? If you do, if you want to add that, then we're going to need this. You never let them just add some shit. And a lot of times they'll either add the shit you want it. Or they'll say, all right, fuck it. I don't want this shit. No more. All right, and ain't worth this. I want to give a quick disclaimer about all these negotiation tactics. There is a point of diminishing returns when it's no negotiation. I feel like there was a point where I got so good in the negotiating that I could basically get almost anything I want it out of the negotiation. Then I had to work with these people. They benefited so little from the deal that I didn't get their best work out of it. I was like, fuck. So instead of using all these tactics, now when I'm going to go to your people, I try to get them, try to overpay people or get them maybe even more than I feel like they deserve because I want them to be more invested. And especially if somebody who's a contractor, I want to be there, they're best client. That's that's not from Roger. That's mine. That's tip number 17 is actually pay people more sometimes or get people more than they deserve. So you can be their best client. For example, my cheap operating officer. She does all the operations of my business, but she actually has her own business. And she does operations for other businesses. And I saw how good she was. I was like, fuck, I want to be her best client. So I negotiated with her to actually pay her more money. So I would be here to client who's paying her the most so she would focus more on me. And as a result, I got better service. And we made a better team. Now she's incentivized to stay with us because I went above and beyond for it. So that's the opposite of a lot of these and they go to you and tech. Sometimes you want to pay people more so you can get the best out of them. Right? Now we're going to get back to Dawson. Number 18 is called the foot and door technique. Basically, once you make a little bit of a headweight or you get a little bit of a concession for someone, it's easier to get a lot more. And any guys who ever said, whoever acts to grow to for just the tip knows exactly what I mean. Because once you get the tip in, I'm going to stop right there. You know what happens next. Concentually. So sometimes when you go to somebody, you might want to just solidify small terms first. And it'll be easier to solidify bigger terms. Number 19, he called this sweetener. You're offering small, seemingly insignificant extras at the end to make the deal more appealing and ensure the other person feels like they want. What he recommends is, after you basically settle on something, you don't in, hey, I'll do this for you. I'll do that for you. And then, the way the person is going back to the other tip, they can feel like they want. So then you could throw in some shit like, man, I'll even throw in this X, Y, and Z. And then it was like, fuck, that was like a little bonus. Right. Number 20 is what Roger called Goodcop Badcop, which is similar to limited authority, or higher authority. You want to use someone on your team or someone you work with as the badcop. Sometimes it can be true, right? So for example, when I'm talking to myself team, I'm going to be like, hey, guys, we got to do this, right? Now, if you guys can't figure it out, and I'm going to have to call Amber, she's going to have to fix it for you. Amber is the person on my team who fires people. Right. So I use Amber as leverage. It's not fake. Amber will fire you. What I'm talking to the sales team, I'm like, hey, guys, I mean, we got to get this down. I'm more of the coach motivational coach. But I use Amber as the badcop, like, this and guys, I know you guys don't want to do your reports every day. I get it. I didn't like doing that every person when I was a sales person either. It's a problem in the man like, I don't do the HR and the business on board man. Amber does it. And if you guys don't do this, it, you know what happened to Steve. No, I don't want to have to get Amber involved, but listen, I'm a half time. Somebody y'all who had dad's growing up. Your mom's probably did some shit like, hey, I'm going to tell you father. Number 21 with draw in extreme cases. You need to be prepared to withdraw your offer. And that can be a powerful tactic to force other parties to reconsider their position. But you have to mean it, though. You don't want to be throwing out bullshit or just threatening people. You have to really listen. If it's not going to work, then we're going to get out of here. If they want it more, they'll be willing to reconsider their position. Right? Be willing to walk away at any time. Listen, guys, you don't need to negotiate. If you don't got no business, if you're not doing any business, anyone, right? Here's the thing. If you want to learn to grow your own life, business business, I've talked over 15 thousand people out of growth, successful online business businesses. If you want to learn how, you can do the same. I have a free ebook called The Ten Commandments of Online Training and click the link in the description. And you can get it for free. Right?