In this video, I want to break down the top businesses to start in 2024. My criteria is going to be profitability, scalability, and in barrier of injury. I got a little tier list for it. The best one is going to be balling out of control. Out of control. The other one is just, oh, it's balling. The other one. This is good. It's not balling, but it is good. This is okay. It then is trash. Everybody wants to know about drop shipping. I get this all the time. Drop shipping. And drop shipping is, I think is trash. Because basically drop shipping is selling Chinese bullshit to old people. And it fucking sucks. The shit is going to take fucking two to three weeks to come from China to the old mother fucking Missouri who bought you, who you scanned in the buying shit. But worst of all, you got to run ads for this shit, right? And Facebook, meta, specifically. They don't like drop shipping. Every drop ship I know they're fucking accounts are getting banned all the time. Like all the time. But for cause they have like 50 accounts. I know cause I know some of the people who make good money drop shipping is just a fucking nightmare. And then not only that, they're fucking payment processors get shut down because they get too many complaints and too many charge backs. You can make money doing it, but it's a fucking nightmare. I wouldn't do it. Mind you, I've made money doing in the past. This is how I know, right? It's a nightmare. I said I don't want to do this no more. Next we're gonna go with Bitcoin. This is something that people say. Mostly in Miami, like what you do, oh man, I'm in the crypto. I don't know what they mean when they say shit. They're form of put trash. I don't think the blockchain is trash. I think there is utility in blockchain. I don't think Bitcoin is trash or Ethereum is trash. Or any of these fictitious fucking currencies that I didn't. Any of this make believe money, right? I don't think it's trash. However, I think to try to make a business out of it, I devise against it. If you want to be an investor in it, cool. But if you want to make a business out of fucking crypto, I devise against it for a variety of reasons. And one in particular, every scammer on the big, big time scammer, you got a payment crypto. Why? Because they're fucking payment processors. Always get shut down. They can't take regular payments like a fucking normal person. So they gotta get crypto. It seems to be the preferred payment method for criminal enterprises. And that's the one reason why, you know, as of now, I don't really fuck with it. Not really good for anything, it's not good as a currency, right? Something you can buy is fucking crying. As of yet, but at some point there might be some more utility. They gotta figure that out. Let's go with only fans. I know people do only fans, women, who do only fans. And they make a lot of money. I'm still going to put it in trash. For if you're one of these women watching, they can, oh man, maybe I should do only fans. And the reason I'm putting in trash is if you're going to have kids one day, one day, that kid is going to be in school. Somebody's going to pull up a video of their mom doing some strange for some change. And they won't even have to bully him. Show him the picture. Maybe they'll put it in a group chat. I imagine that's going to be difficult for that, but that young person. That's why I think it's trash. Even though it's lucrative, right? It's just, it's a word of fucking up your children's life. Let's get some good ones up here. All right. Now, Amazon FBA is baller. If you do it right, now you can't do drop shipping on Amazon. You can just shit fuck that. Right. It's against Amazon term services. If you create your own product or service and sell it on Amazon, you can make a lot of money or if you buy something wholesale and then sell it on Amazon, you can make a lot of money doing that. How do I know? Because I did it. When I first started my supplement line, I think my supplement line, my low roll laboratories was the first black owned supplement company. I'm going to keep saying that to somebody, prove me wrong. And I was just selling it on Amazon. I was the only place you can buy it. And we made a lot of money off that. We put it on our own Shopify as well. But even when we had it on Shopify on our own site on Shopify, we still used Amazon FBA for the fulfillment. So somebody bought it from Shopify. It would be fulfilled by Amazon still. They have integration. So I think Amazon FBA is fucking baller, especially if you have your own product or service. If you have your own brand is baller and out of control, I know people who make $100 million Amazon businesses. Most of you guys who can do it Amazon, if you're doing it right, you're going to be buying something on wholesale and putting it on Amazon, which is still fucking baller. Video editing. I think you're well suited to talk about this, man. Because this is the video guy we got here. Aiden. You ever did video editing as a business or side hustle? For sure. That's how I started off with doing video editing. I think video editing is great. I would say between OK and good. OK. Because you can't really scale it. You'll get burnt out quick. You know, your eye started hurting. You can only take on a certain amount of clients. And you're also competing with a bunch of people, man. Yeah. I feel that if you're going to just do video editing as opposed to content management creation. OK. I'm going to go with the good on video editing because I know one guy. To do my boy Ryan, he does most of my TikTok and YouTube shorts. And he has a short form video agency. He does short form video for me, Grand Cardone, and a few other big names. He has some in the A. So I don't know if I'm at Liberty, Liberty, to say anything else. And what he does is he will fly to the person with film two days. And it will shoot 80 to 100 videos. And then he has his team edit them. Or he'll do it with people like virtually or he'll just give them a list of videos. And then he'll edit them and he'll post them too. Yeah, a niche. Is it somewhere between OK and good? I'm just pretty good. I want to go with flipping. So a lot of times people will do is they'll buy shit from marshals. Maybe even target by shit on sale, fucking bookstores. Yard sales in shit. And they'll flip the shit. You don't want eBay for a lot of times on Amazon. And that's what they're doing for a living. So I knew this Russian girl and she was one of the girls who used to be in my video. So all the time back in there. She didn't have a job. So naturally I thought that she was a prostitute. And then she told me now what she does is she goes around buying shit around New York. And then she ships it to Amazon FBA. And she puts it on Amazon and sells it on Amazon. And I was like, get the fuck out there. And then she showed me she has a whole warehouse. Fully shit. It was a real business. She's going to motherfucking Yard sales. She's going to marshals. Different marshals all around the city. Looking for shit on sale. She showed me an app on her phone where she can see how much it's selling on Amazon. First is how much she buy for it. It's like an arbitrage, right? And then she'll fucking pack that shit up. Send it to Amazon and be a and they'll sell it on Amazon. She's making good money doing it. I would say it's OK because it's not as scalable as some other things. And it's a lot of labor. Right? So I'm going to do that shit in person. Go find this shit. But she's making good money. Doing it. You know, I see people say they may millions of dollars for the shit. But online trainer, I'm going to put that on ball and out of control. That's how I made my first building as an online trainer. Started off. It's the first training, but that's not scalable. You work and you can pay by the hour. Like a prostitute. That's what I heard. And you can't skill that. Because there are only so many hours in one day. But when I started training people online, I was actually able to help more people charge them less and make more money as a result. It's beautiful now. I teach other people how to do it. And how the math works. I'm going to use this simplest one. It's different pricing strategies. The simplest one is you charge people $80 a week. If you can 25 clients, paying you $80 a week, you can keep an average of 25 or for a whole year, 50 to weeks. That'll be $104,000. Making as much as a fucking doctor. But you ain't got to cut nobody open and anybody sneezing on you. And you maybe thinking, who's going to pay $80 a week from online training? And you can get everything from the mother fucking internet. Or you watch some YouTube videos or chat GPT and get all the information. Yeah, as online training, that's selling the information. What you're going to do is you're going to give them a workout plan and a diet plan. And they're going to do it all in their own. They just mark what they did each day and they mark their calories. And we can see it in each time. Like I still train people now. I still have a few clients. Don't ask me to train you because you can't afford it. It's going to be like a fucking ton of money. But I can go online right now. I'm going to see what all my clients ate for breakfast lunch at the NDSAC. Exactly how many calories they had, how many macro they had, right? A fucking YouTube video I'm going to make you do that. And I make sure they do it. The beauty of online training is you're selling accountability. Honestly, when I started doing online training, I started getting better results from online training for clients than most people give for the impression clients because in person training is now monitoring the diet and diet is the most important part. You're only with them for an hour a day. So they got 23 hours each day to fuck up that shit. If you monitor the diet, that's the 24 hour thing you see what they eat every day. You can't outrain a bad diet, but you can't outdied bad training. My online clients aren't pro athletes. Like when I used to train my pro athletes, yeah, we had to make sure their form is exquisite. But the fucking regular guy of the street man, you give him a fucking any workout plan. You know, as long as his diet is right, he's going to get in great shape. That's what really, really said them were making sure that they accomplished their goals. And his cheaper for the client. $80 a week equinox for one session. It's talking about $250 for one session. You got to see them before get least three times a week. So now we're talking about, you know, 750 dollars a week versus $80 a week. And the equinox training is not equal to fucking look at their diet. The diet is the most important part. The reason is is est here because it's only have seven students who have made over a million out of the year as long as I train. But I have thousands of students who have made six figures a year from online training. Like, that was. If you want to learn more about that, is it link in the description for a ebook called the Tank Commandments of Online Training where I really break down. It's exactly how to set it up. Everything you need to know to bring your online training business. Even if you don't have a lot of experience, you don't need to be certified to be online training. When I first got hired as a trainer, I wasn't certified when I was like, 17. I wasn't certified. They say, man, we'll hire you now. You got too much to get certified. Right? You've had to be certified to be an in person training. They only want you certified for insurance reasons. I later got certified. Right? If you certified cool, but you don't have to be certified, you don't have to have a big follow on either because you only need 25 clients to make six figures. If you want to know more about that, the link is in the description for that ebook. They train it. Alright, so this is weird, right? I'm gonna put this in okay. I know a lot of people want to say trash, but I don't put it in okay. The reason is because most people, statistically 90% of people lose 100% of money they train. I know some people who make $1 million a month. They train. I know one guy who makes one guy. I know a few people who make $100,000. Right? I get them down to people. They key with these people is all of them are already rich. And it's not their full-time gig. They have a whole-nother job they do when they train in the morning. I've never seen somebody make a lot of money who wasn't already a multi-millionaire training. I've never seen it. That doesn't mean it doesn't happen. And I think it's because they're less emotional about it. It's more of a game. Because really when you trade in the stock, you're trading, you're making a bet that the stock is gonna go up or down. Kind of got a 50% chance. I'll be right, you just don't know, right? I think it's the fear and the greed and emotions that what fucks you up. But if you're already rich and it's not even your main thing, I seem to be super lucrative for people. Only fans manage me. I'm gonna put this in good. I have a few friends who manage women on only fans. One of them has a business, a only fans business. And I was, I'm gonna invest during that business. It's super lucrative. He's making, at one point, he's making over a million hours of managing girls on only fans. But he had to do everything. And it's really like managing a bunch of toddlers. It's super similar. And these bitches are lazy. They don't want drugs and shit. They just like drugs. He's not on no fucking crazy time. It's just, but they're just like lazy bitches, right? So what he does is he'll fly them all to a place for a week. Airbnb, a mansion or something. You know, I have his film crew there. And he'll fucking film everything. Take all the pictures like a month's work for content. Then he flies him back. And he's chicks on got to do nothing but promote the only fans on their social media. And his team are doing everything. Like these are chicks might not even be logged into the only fans. Right? He's got a team of like Filipino people. A lot of them are Filipinos at the crib. Message a new one. It hey daddy sent me so many. You can use all kinds of the chick from only fans. You're talking to a motherfuckin' the Philippines man. A dude probably. And the Philippines man, siphon in that money off you. You know, it's like a bigger project than you think. You got to manage the content team that was doing all the posts. And you got to manage all the people who are in Iraq. The team of Filipino people who are in Iraq. Then with the clientele. And then you got to manage all these crazy women. Right? Like how crazy you got to be. So play with yourself online for money. What kind of upbringing you have to have to think man? I just want to play with my vagina for money. And you got to deal with these people selling info products. I'm gonna put this as good if you're good at it. Right? You know, like selling courses and shit. Course sellers get a bad rap. I bought so many courses that I've learned so much from. And every time I want to learn something, a new skill in the past, I would buy like maybe three, four courses. And try to learn and read every book I can. Right? So a lot of times when people buy a course, they man I bought this course. And I ain't even a millionaire is like, yeah, I'm gonna be honest, it's difficult to believe that one course is gonna do that. You have probably gonna keep studying. But they put you on the right path. I don't, I don't think it's been any one course that's helped me make a ton of money. Like I bought course some courses from people who ended up on like coffee, zilla or something. I was able to take some knowledge from there and make some money. So it's also you, right? It's like some of it is you. Like we all go to high school. Some of us end up fucking home is drug addicts. That don't mean high school sucks. But I would say it's a lot of course, people sell courses. They over sell it. They over sell the dream like it's gonna be fucking easy. Just buy this course next to you. No man is gonna be fucking models. Can't be our private jets. It's far fetched, right? That's why like, I don't sell the course. I sell a, a, a coaching program, right? But in my city, I'm like, you know what's gonna take hard work? It's gonna take hard work. It's not gonna be easy. Matter of fact, if you lazy, don't fucking come here. I don't know what they kind of customer. But I think a lot of course sellers, they go after that kind of customer. That kind of customer, no matter how good the shit is, he's gonna fail because he would look at person to be easy. And the, and the marketers fault is the, the course sellers fault for saying it was gonna be easy. I think it's not the material, it's the expectations. It's gonna be easy man. Here's me on my, here's me on my fucking private jet. And all this other shit is like, yo listen, that's shit ain't real man. Make a fucking million dollars. It's gonna take everything, homey. It's gonna take everything. I've had 15,000 students come through my high ticket training for a grant. Seven of them have made over a million dollars a year. A little percentage. That's why I don't be telling people, hey, you know what, this is gonna make you millions. I probably won't, right? You know what's in sales. If you learn sales, man, you can make a lot of money, bro, like sales. You don't even have to have your own business to make a lot of money. My, I have a sales guy, my top sales guy's I paid up. I paid them $400,000 last year. And you work remote sales from just create. Talking them up because I was doing one of the, right? If you can get a job like that, it's fucking dope. You know, sales is, this is just a master skill, right? That's one of the things that, either we teach my students, everybody gets their own one on one coach, but we also have a sales coach. We have a bunch of coaches that everyone gets. If you don't mind making sales, you don't have a business, right? But you could just do sales. And the beauty of doing with sales is easier than having a business. I just being a highly paid sales person. Because you have the autonomy of running your own business, like you can make your own schedule. If you do remote sales, you should say, I want to work these days these times. It just takes sales calls in. Right? So you have the autonomy without the responsibility. I remember when I was building my business. And it was so difficult to remember. I told you to take everything to take a million dollars. You make a million dollars, man. You're going to lose sleep. You're going to lose friends. I got divorced, man. You know, real shit. Like it would be like that, man. You know what I'm saying? Wouldn't trade for the world, man. It's going to cost you everything. Because starting on business, going to cost you everything. It was like when it panels at the end of, um, in game, no, it wasn't in game. What's the first one? We killed everybody. He killed half the people. Infinity War. And he was talking to his daughter that he killed. And she said, no, did you do it? He said, yeah. She said, what did it cost you? He said, everything. Yeah, that's how I felt, man. When I made my first bill, you were like, I felt like yo, it calls me everything. I'll meet him. Yeah. Yeah. However, I used to dream about doing what I was going to that stroke. I was like, man, I used to fantasize about this quit-nission, like selling news Nissan or just getting the sales jobs somewhere. Well, forget, if I sell Nissan at the Nissan dealership, I don't have to do the marketing. I don't have to do the customer service. All I got to do is the part I'm good at is sales. I make the sales give my commission. They could drive that car off the light, crash it, it could explode. And it wouldn't matter to me, but you, business, now you, you were charging the marketing, you were charging the customer service. You got to care about that Nissan blowup that's your fault if you're joining Nissan. I envy myself, people. You know what I'm saying? All right, a website building. I'm gonna put this in okay now, man, just because maybe in the fucking early 2000s, you could have got paid a lot for that, man. But I've built websites. I remember my first website, I built. I had to, it was before click funnels or any of these software or Shopify. You know, before WordPress, right? I was in there with HTML, homie, like doing HTML. Like I had to code. My folks who build websites now, they don't have to code. And then there's so many tools like click funnels Shopify, all that shit, this thing. It's okay, but it's like limited use case, right? Not everybody needs it. Affiliate marketing. One of the ways I was making money early on, I was doing affiliate marketing. It's good. You got to be able to get traffic. If you can get traffic, you can promote someone else's offering, get a commission off of it. It's only okay, because if you're good at getting traffic, you better you have your own product. You just make more money. I mean, some more responsibility, but more writing. So affiliate is just, it's just okay. Copy right in. I'm gonna put it right now as okay, just because I would have put it here a few years ago. But now that we have AI, okay, I'm gonna put it good right now. At some point, it's gonna go to trash. That point is not that right. And now, there's no AI copy right in shit that's better than my copyrighted or me. Like it's a copyright. I've made money as a copyright. I've read and copy for people like back in the days when I was coming up. But I still get a marketer, sometimes people would like it. And I need to sell a letter and don't even trip in. We're gonna need to write this VSL. Don't even trip in a catch. So I'm gonna put it good here, but I just feel like copyrighted days are numbers. You might have five years before the robots come for that job. It's a man's manager all in out of control if you're good. So my boy Jeremy, man. And it was a point, man. I think when I met him, I probably had more money than him, but that ship is sale. You first he was just running ass with you and that's probably when I had more money than him. He got so good. He runs my ass to write. But he's one of the best as managers in the world. He doesn't take up front fee. He takes up percentage of revenue because he's so good. It's a good deal for the fuck and business on the two right because they gotta pay him enough front. He's just gonna eat what he kills. But then they fucking ran and they gotta pay him like seven figures. He's really one of the best in the world. I'm Beyonce Jeremy Jeremy. Jeremy Hayes, check out his YouTube. He's got YouTube age. He'll be dropping jewels, man. I'm telling you, when he switched it to the percentage of revenue, that's when he started really bald. You gotta be good at that, right? Because you only eat what you kill. He only works with businesses that he can get to seven figures a month. Oh, he's got a few. He's got board and ten clients. I know he's got board and ten. I know he doesn't take less than 10%. Each one of these guys are doing a million dollars a month. Do the math. He's making a million a month or more. Yeah, it's bald. This is fucking bald, man. I can show. If you're good, if you most as managers suck though, it's the hustle of motherfucker buy a course and think he's the man. He might be the man one day, but it takes time to get good. Jeremy been doing this shit for a month long. If you can get good, it's bald, man. I can show up. Being an influencer. Uh, it's just okay, man. It's just okay because most, you know what? I'm putting trash. Most influencers are poor. Most influencers I know are fucking broke. I know what motherfuck is with. Fucking million followers who are broke, man. I was talking to his one, dude. He, and he has 300,000 followers on Instagram. He's worried about paying rent. If he's like, man, can I shout to you out or some man, can you pay me to shout you? Like, you need to, because he needed money for rent. And another motherfuck was in the similar situation. He had a few hundred thousand followers. He's trying to come up so he can move out his mom's house. Followers don't equal money, man. A day to this gross year like buying it,000 followers. His time is she didn't have 500 dollars in her account. Let's go. Two two is different. I'm putting YouTube. YouTube is good. It can be, it is the baller if you wanted the best. Right? If you just, I'm talking about just YouTube, it's the business. You want the best. My page, the ad revenue on this channel, made $75,000 less. Right? I pay my fucking editors more than that. Each, I'm in the red. I pay to do this. I like it. It's $75,000. It doesn't cover my costs. It's just okay. Unless you're one of the guilty. Right? You understand? When you're one of these guys who are lead, who make like fucking a hundred K a month, there's something like that. Yo, take it online surveys. I'm gonna put it in trash for our started as user-fet. I used to have a mother fucking music studios. Because I do so I make beats and all this other shit. I would sell beats to artists or pay me for studio time. And there was this artist I was working with. She was a singer. She was looking for a mom. She just needed money. The gas money to come from Brooklyn to Queens to get the studio. But she didn't want to get a job. I was like, listen, just start doing surveys. So I showed her the Amazon M-Tirk is called. You can pay like between six and $12 an hour filling out surveys. In the gay work, they ask money and a little walking around money. So she can pursue her art. You know what I'm saying? A lot of you monthly broke. You ain't got no money like you. You could do this shit today. Amazon M-Tirk doesn't. The few other ones where you can start making money like today. For you real broke boy. I print on the man. I'm gonna put, this is just okay. The reason I would put in trash had it not be from the story about the tell you. When the homie splashed man, he was like 16. He's always coming on videos and he came to one of our events in Toronto. That's kind of like menswear to him. And he started to print on the man company. Print on the man is you come over to your own logos or something and you put them on one of these sites like Printful or something. And then you set up your own website through Shopify, whatever. And you run traffic there. Somebody buys like a T-shirt or something. They print up one shirt and mail it to that person and you keep the difference. Whatever you market up for. So if they're doing it for like fucking $5 a shirt, you can set a shit for 15, maybe you would make some money. I told Splashman, like you 16 men want to do this. He had somebody coming up with images of like NBA players like you know, drawings and shit of NBA players. He would set a shit on the pre-fost it. What he did was he started. He got shoutouts. He made for shoutouts from being Instagram pages and NBA Instagram pages and they was in traffic to it, right? And he started to get make it some sales. And I was like, alright, good job Splashman. Now what we're going to do is you got a little run ass. So I'll talk him out of run ass with and he did what's called retargeted. So it's basically people who go to the page and don't buy, they get ads immediately. Well, I was a dash of a super profitable. And then I was like, there was he had enough buyers. I started right now we're going to take that list of buyers. So we're going to market them other shit on the page. And that was super profitable. And he had more buyers. And then I told him I take that audience and told him, look at like audience. So he started going for cold traffic. He started doing that. And I said, right now we need email marketing and the sentiment of a club, you know, all that shit. He was 16 making $10,000 a month. You're saying that after my two to the least. But that's why I put it there. For most of y'all, y'all don't have me fucking guiding you through the shit. You don't have a fucking online marketing expert guiding you through all the shit. So most of y'all are going to fill me. No money. There was another guy I worked with. What he did was it was seasonal, right? So he would come out with body building, being Christmas shirts and tank tops, right? So it would be like a rip Santa Claus. He would do that and he would get fucking body building pages to shout his shit out. Same fucking play. And when December he made $100,000 doing that shit. And now he does it. But every holiday. So a four-for-je-ly it would be like, scroll, slow, or hand-linking or some shit. Right, you know, I have a certain Abraham link in with some fucking looking all rip. He's still making good money doing it. He does it full time. All right, as we have a virtual assistant. Virtual assistant is good or baller. I'm gonna put this good virtual assistant basically. You're just somebody's assistant virtually. Do like tasks for them. If you set up your own agency, you'll be baller. I know somebody who's set up their own virtual assistant agency and they're baller, right? If you're gonna do freelance, it's just good, right? You can get clients from a work or one of those kind of sites. I'm gonna move only hope. I'm the only fan's management to a baller because that do we, we are making a lot of money doing this? Say, if you can come up with some software, like software as a service, if you can come up with some software, it's probably the most baller shit. Fucking click funnels. It's a software as a service, right? They're selling the software. They make money because you can fucking multiply that shit at scale. It doesn't cost you more to get more customers. It's the best business where it's the hardest business to get in. You gotta be super smart. You gotta get developers in a super competitive. Like the smartest, some of the smartest people in the world are working in sales industries, right? Like Google's a software as a service. Now I know people do it on a smaller scale who make work a money and you can figure it out. You can be, these are like billionaires. This is like the NASDAQ 500, right? But you don't have to do it on that scale. You still, I know people who have, you know, I know a guy he started a software company. You just started it from his crib in New York and it built out. He worked at it for like five years, so the 400 million. Yeah, that's it. I think that's my list, right? Listen, here's the thing though. Still got to know about business. You still gotta know how to make shit happen, no matter what you choose, right? And I got a video around here somewhere to show you exactly how to do that. All right, don't check that out now.