This week's Book of the Week is a book called Will Power, Discovery, greatest human strength. New York Times, Best Seller, Fantastic Book. I want to break down some of the key takeaways from this book. If you want to check it out yourself, I'll put the link in the description. You can go fuck with it. Alright, now here's why this book is important. This book is about how to build more Will Power, sending them for Will Power is disciplined. And building discipline is super important if you want to accomplish anything like everything is going to take discipline for you to accomplish. Alright, and the book outlines three components to Will Power or discipline. That are critical. And my duty is to book was written by psychologists, psychiatrists, you know, people, experts in the field. One of the first things he's talking about is something called Eagle Depletion. He didn't mean Eagle like kind of eat West Eagle. The way he uses Eagle is it's some scientific shit. If I was him, I'd have picked a different thing because it's confusing. But he's talking about how Will Power is more of a of a finite resource. What happens is according to the book and according to studies is the more you use Will Power, the less of you have. So you almost like you want to think of Will Power like you got a bucket of Will Power each day. And the more of this shit you use, the less of it you have. For example, there's some studies that actually corroborate this. I control the impulses or behavior, leaves the person depleted, unless able to engage in subsequent rounds of regulation. I'm not going to read this shit to you. You can read it at your own. Fucking nerds or you can just listen to me. It has a meta now. This is multiple different studies, right? Take away is don't waste your willpower on bullshit. And this is different than how most people talk about discipline. Like I hear these fucking asshole say dump shit like how you do everything. Is how you do anything. But in my experience, that's not been the case. In fact, some of the richest, most successful people I know were fucking that is shit. And some of the most fit people I know suck at almost all the areas of life. I know a lot of fit people. In fact, I coach fitness coaches, right? I've been in the fitness industry for 25 years. A lot of them have no redeeming qualities outside of their physique. How you do anything is not how you do everything. In fact, the data shows if you try to do everything perfect, you're less likely to do anything perfect. For example, I'm super rich, successful, great shape, and handsome. However, I'm bad at a lot of things. I'm super messy, right? You see my handwriting. How you did everything is how you do everything. I'd be homeless, right? Shit wouldn't work at all. If I spend a lot of effort in just trying to get better at handwriting, any other skill I'm trying to improve at, I will diminish my rate of success in that endeavor. A lot of times when you are on a CP people trying to get really good at multiple things simultaneously, they always always fail, right? It is one reason. If you're trying to break this, but a bunch of fucking habits simultaneously. Or build a bunch of new habits simultaneously, you're making it more difficult than any of them done. What you want to do is one at a time. You get one fucking habit done. And then you work on the next one. Once it's a habit, when you're trying to get good at something, for example, if I wanted to improve my health, I would do that first before I started trying to improve every area. Honestly, I really would. Because the way to brain works, when you do something new, originally a brain that uses a lot of energy, right? And it's difficult. In fact, these studies are kind of showed at it, right? Because you're going to have to restrict yourself from doing things you want to do. You're going to control your impulses. You're going to exert a lot of discipline. However, once you've done it over and over again, the activity moves to a different part of your brain, called the basal ganglia. This is where your habits are. And once your habits are in your basal ganglia, it uses way less of your brain's energy. Magnum state, your brain uses a tremendous amount of energy. Your brain is about 5% of your total body mass. Your brain uses 20% of your body's energy at rest. So when you're working hard to do something, it's going to be used to be a really more energy. Right? When you get that habit up in your base, you ganglia. Then it'll take you as much energy. Right? That a problem is you've been doing pitch habits for man loss. You got pitch habits in your basal ganglia. You have basal ganglia bitch now. That's the worst guy a bitch. If you ask me, then basal ganglia, pitch habits, and the man habits is art to break. Right? So you break one at a time. And then you start building good habits. Don't try to do everything at once. You pick one or two, right? Get that in your basal ganglia. Then you're going to be a basal ganglia. Then you can move on to the next thing. Right? So when people say, man, yo, they seem to be tracking my macros or taking the scale with me. So the restaurant's awesome. The poppy state. Eat more fucking expensive, waggley shit. With my food scale at the restaurant. And it was just habit for me. Like it wasn't a single deputy man. I took a lot of this line. I don't really take this with no more to sell my basal ganglia. You know what I'm saying? I'm in the basal gang. Yes, it's so easy. Another thing that can deplete your discipline is what they call the decision fatigue. I could work on improving my hair, right? But again, eat all the pleasions. The decision fatigue explains why people often make impulsive decisions when they're tired or when they're stressed. So there's a studies that show that making choices actually reduces self control. It reduces physical stamina and press or beer. So here's some studies. What they would do is make choices and pay ourselves to quit self control. If you're making decisions all that in this study, what they had to participate with the do is they had to make a bunch of different decisions. Then they tested their self control some kind of way. And after making a bunch of decisions, it was more difficult for those people to have self control were wheel power. This is why you'll see a lot of high level entrepreneurs wear the same thing every day. Or you hear about people eating the same thing every day. Because they know that the more decisions they make, the worse their self control would be. This is super important. So Steve Jobs wore the same shit every day. The sucker burgers always wearing the same shit unless he's got to go to court. So the Congress of some courts shit. You know, unless I'm going out to like an event, I usually wear the same shit most of it. Like I wear I have a bunch of these shirts. Some movement pants. I wear that shit almost every day unless I got to do something where I got to be presentable. And I have my girl make me the same breakfast every day. I have her pick. Like she just orders the dinner and it gets to full. I just wake up in this here. You know, I know you got some of you guys are like wait a minute. You got a woman who knows what she wants to eat. I know. I know. I know. See the unicorn. Like trying to get a fucking bitch to pick what she wants to eat is some of them. And like trying to get a child. The lead of play. You know what I'm saying? It's the same shit. But she can actually pick what she wants to eat. Man, it's amazing. So I just wake up in food is here. Like right, this dinner for me right outside. I saw it. I didn't have to think about it. And it's a bunch of shit, right? Sometimes neem or when he's editing the videos we'll talk about we want to get some done. And he'll start giving me options about how to look. Oh, I don't want to know how you eat it. I just wanted to get done, man. You figure out how to do it. I don't care what has to happen. I don't care if you've got to die. It's my fucking worst get started, man. As long as the video is done by Friday. I don't even want to hear about it. Those are your decisions, bro. I don't let people get me the decisions. Because it impacts your ability to exert yourself control according to the data, right? So in order to do that, which you want to do is you want to build routines right? They eliminate decisions and or make the decisions in advance. So for example, fucking I plan out every hour every day. But I don't do that as I'm doing it, right? My skin was mostly planned out weeks in advance. So then I just have to do what's next. What I see on the calendar, the count, I'll just follow an orders. Follow on the game plan. I don't have to make decisions about what to do or how it should be done. The game plan has already been set in advance, right? And because I don't use any of my willpower on making the decision of what to do, I can use all my mental strength and I'll have more willpower to actually do the thing to execute the plan if the plan was made in advance. And then the third part you mentioned is glucose regulation, which is weird, right? Glucose regulation. What does that mean? Basically in the book they talked about the importance of glucose in maintaining willpower, right? So he said that our brains need glucose to function properly. And when levels are low self control can suffer. And you see this, right? If you see somebody getting angry, what that really means is, they got less glucose. So when they might have not fucking spares that your bitch is, what's talking crazy, now they hang resetting on it fucking so crazy. What it would have been cool about something, they have less control. That's why they start to spares. That's why when I first started dating my girl, I used to keep a little girl for it. You know, I look at the sneakers, I see you're getting angry, like, hey, baby. What do you want to do? I'm just saying, I do the same shit from my son, man. I, you know, walking around and I got mad snacks. And here's a study I'm about to show, but it shows that self control, self control failures are more likely when glucose is low, or cannot be normalized in the brain. Right? Here's the study, read this shit on your own time, you fucking nerd, or you can just trust me, you know, because I'll read, so just take my word for it, I just want to show you, I can just show you motherfuckers anything. Because you ain't gonna backcheck this shit, but if you do, you will realize I'm right. Anyway, there's the thing, too much glucose is a problem too. Your glucose levels go above 110, your pancreas was to create a hormone called insulin. An insulin's job is to flush out glucose from your body so you don't die. All right, people who have type 1 diabetes, they don't produce their own insulin, so they have to inject it so they stay alive, right? Insulin will just flush all your glucose out right? So now, even after a glucose spike, because the insulin spike had been after you might fuck around and have less glucose after it, this is why some people get theitis, food coma, and this glucose levels went too high and it calls the insulin spike, right? So you really want to regulate glucose, right? I read a book recently called the glucose revolution that talks about this a lot. Now, I do the ketogenic diet, and I'm not saying you've got to go keto. You could just monitor your glucose levels, right? So they'll put their regulate glucose levels. They can't go too high and they can't get too low, because they go too high, they'll end up being too low, because they're insulin. All right, so one thing you can do to regulate glucose levels is to bring, you know, little snacks, man. Have little snacks on you. I don't go nowhere without some keto snacks, homing or protein shake. I keep growth for snacks from a girl. Baby snacks from my son, you said, and you got to do it for yourself too. You need to have fuel, assistant fuel. But you also don't want the spikes to go too high, and something you can do for that is one is eating salad before you eat a big meal, right? That's one thing you could do to sub that about that they regulate glucose levels, consume and cinnamon before a big meal. So I have cinnamon pills, you know, so such a cinnamon well. Or it's end or taking a walk right after a meal, like a 20 minute walk that it dramatically improves glucose levels. Now you may be thinking, Brandon, you're on a ketogenic diet. You don't get no glucose. I get some, but you're right. I once wore glucose, moderate or for a month. I continue with glucose, my little mom, to manage my glucose levels, to give more data, right? And then the app that was connected to it, every day it thought I was fast and because my glucose levels were so low. Even though my glucose levels super low, I still had a lot of discipline, I still had a lot of energy. It raises because in the absence of glucose, and your body is going to come circumverting fat in something called ketones. And that'll be the new fuel that your body will run off. As a result, you're typically able to deal with fasting or not having to fool the little better because of the regulation. A lot of people say that they have way more energy and they think way clearer because the glucose levels are more stable. In fact, the app thought I was fast in every day. If you want to know more about that experiment, I did it. With the ketone was glucose monitor. And how it impacted my performance, it helped me make more money because I had more energy and more willpower. I'm going to link to that video somewhere around here. Also, make sure you check out the book, Willpower. I've doubted super fast in the link in the description. You can click that right now. Thank you for watching.