In this video, I want to break down how you can really start balling, how you can start making money, putting them money to work. So you can start flexing on a haters instead of on the hook. I see a lot of guys on the internet saying, I just say, you all my money. And I don't buy anything and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. I just live poor and I'm like, bro, if you was going to live poor, why didn't you just be poor? Right? Like, why I put in all the hard work to make money just to live regular? You know what I'm saying? It's so stupid to me. Almost said the R work. But I don't want to get demonetized, man. You know, if you out here pretending to be poor, but you got money, it doesn't make no sense to me. You could have just been poor, skipped all the hard work and had more fun. Right? Instead of fucking working all hard to make money, you could have just been poor. I'm going to show you why you don't have to do that. Now, you may have to do it if a small amount of time with this methodology juke, but it is the way that I've been able and not only a mass, millions of dollars, but also I'm out here fucking flexing bro. You know what I'm saying? I'm flying around the planet first class, I've been on an object. I'm getting invited to Louis Vuitton events because I spent so much money there. I got $200,000 watches this shit. Thanks to shit. I know you're trying to live like a poor boy and I'm sure you're that. This is what you do. And now a lot of this, I'm going to be out of you. A lot of this, I learned when I was 19 when I read a book called Rich Dad Poor Dad by Robert Kiel Saki and when I'll rob you Rob was saying he said he had two daddy's. Right? He had a pole daddy, and he got his rich daddy. I already thought this was amazing because I grew up on the South Side Chicago. I was the only nigga I knew what it did. Right? So this is my forget two dads. I thought you was blowing my mind. Very, very. He had two dads and it wasn't like his dad's wearing a home sexual relationship. He had to do that he called his dad who was really like his boy's dad. But he was like a mentor or father figure. Then he had his biological dad was just his pole dad. Right? Now pole dad worked, right? Boom. Po-dad had a pole nigga job. And then he would get money earned income money. He made it working at his pole dad job. Right? You spend that income on shit. Right? Shit to live. Rich Dad was doing some other shit. He would work. I don't know what kind of emotional relationship he had. He had his profession. So we just don't draw him being regular. Right? But he would work. You would get the earned income. This is the income you make working. But he would spend that earned income on assets. Robby Rob described it where these were things that make money for you. So some people call their house a asset. But if you ain't written that bitch out like that wouldn't fit under Rob definition. Right? So I think I would call it a asset. But Rob wouldn't call it an asset because the car calls you money. He would call it a liability. So assets. Boom. And then he would spend the money on assets by shit. All types of shit. Man, everybody, man shit. All right. Now when I learned this shit, he said this is how his rich dady started balling. Right? Because what happens is the assets start to grow. Right? Boom. So I just get more assets over time because you keep putting that earned income. Yeah. And he starts getting more and more and more and more and more and more and more and then what? Then he can get more shit. And then like way more shit. Better shit. Shit you dream about, man. Where Pope did he kept doing this shit and he's stayed by a regular shit. And the problem is he could never stop doing this. Like rich daddy could stop doing this because now the assets make some much money and he could still buy the shit. Now the assets are working for him, man. Pope did. He never had no fucking assets. He just ain't shit. He never had no assets. Right? So he out here working. He can never stop working. And he still had regular shit. Never got no good shit. Never got no dope shit. It was just regular shit. So Rob seen this and he was like, oh fuck. This is the method, this is the methodology. So your boy, big brain and cutter did the same thing. And this is what this was like to just you do. Right? So you got me. You got me. You got key to over here. Can you do a working? Or I was working for years. Work, work, work, work, work, work, work, work, work, work, work, work, work, work, work, work, work, work, to tell me not me work. I think that's all right. All my dick is working. Right? Yeah, I'm not here working. Yeah. I. So you got key to over here. He worked. I. This is how you see me. See me on YouTube. You see me, you know, you see me doing all my shit. Right? Boom. I had my earned income and I was using that to buy assets. And I was stockpiling assets. Boom. I was just kept doing it. Kept doing it. Got them. Madlaw. Right? As it. And then I got to the point where I can get dope shit. The money from the assets called passive income. So I was using my passive income to buy all the dope shit. And this is what I suggest you guys do, man. You guys got to work and work hard. And right? Your earned income. Use what things that you get you passive income. And when I say assets, we're talking stock market and real estate are really the main things or other businesses. Your business is still earned income. But if you invest in someone else's business, you don't have to do shit in the business. I didn't ask passive income. Right? Is it? So the way the way Rob broke it down, he had something he called the cash flow quadrant in it. First part you win employee. Next part you self-employed. Okay, so employees like you work you work in for someone else. Someone who self-employed is like a dentist who starts his own practice or a barber driver is self-employed. You work, but just do work for yourself. Meaning you create your own job. Right? Here you own a job or you are a... Right? Then you can start your own business. And the way Rob is said business was different than being self-employed is you create jobs. Meaning the other people are working for you. And then the I is investor. Right? Or you own investment. Is it different here, right? When you have a job. Yeah, so it's basically like you have a job. Boom. Now you own a job or you are a job, right? If you create jobs and there's more leverage in each one of these things, it depends. Right? Being having your own business or being self-employed is not for everybody. If you're going to get a good job, the pays a lot. And you like it. Like this is the easiest thing. I'm a biologist. You a lot of these motherfucking entrepreneur, internet motherfucking school, that having a job is whack, listen bro. I have a bunch of employees. All right, I'm over here, right? Every day I think about quitting. Not now, but there was a time when I would just dream about fucking quit and this shit, you know, because it's like a lot of responsibility. As a leader, leadership is difficult. This is on her, gets pay most because he's taking the most risk. Do it's time to men. I remember where I had to pay my employees. And I didn't pay myself. You're working for free. Or some months. I would have to go into my savings to keep the business of flow in the beginning. I'm paying to work. Everybody ain't built for that shit. And even that, man, there'll be some months. And I'm doing a lot of investment in the business that I'll pay like some employees. Gordon, I pay myself. There's been years where I had to put more money in the business than I made, which means I pay to pay people. I paid to work. So all these motherfucking stuff you did. If you have a job, you broke, they trying to sell you something, right? You're saying, like, I'm saying that business is dope. Like there's the higher the risk, the higher the reward. No risk, it no biscuit. So if you can get a job, it pays a lot of money. You don't. You're probably making more money into one of these other co-ordinates. The most at the time. Unless you were like, you know, an MBA player or some shit, then yeah, this is where you want this is the best place to be. Or like a sales person. Like, you know, my sales people make hundreds of thousands of dollars each year. And they don't have to, another responsibility. No matter what, you got to get you income up because what you really want to do no matter which quadrants you are, you got to keep invested into this quadric. Put money in here because when you do that, then you have asset. Even if you have a regular as job, you want to have assets that actually produce income. How you do that in the stock market? Well, one is dividends, but what I do is I buy stocks. And we talked about this before. I have a video on them. I buy stocks and I sell cover calls against my positions and that gives me income. I wasn't using my earned income to buy it. That's fucking broboy shit. That's not broboy shit. You still got some bread. If you buy it in arms, right? No matter what, but it's stupid, right? I said, I use my earning comes bought stock. Where I didn't just buy the stock. I sold cash to cure puts to get into the positions. I made money when I bought it. And then when, and then if I got a signed and I ended up owning those stocks, I sold cover calls against them, right? And then the premiums I got for that, that was pretty much path to income. And I used the passive income from stock borrower, probably, to pay for this rich amount. But I didn't have to look what they had to stock, for some saying the assets are still there. So I can keep doing the shit. I could buy a few richard meals every year without having to spend more of my earned income because the assets made me the money, right? And now I'm investing in real estate as well. I got Section 8 real estate and that gives me money every month. So the goal is not to live broke. I go fucking nerve. Like a deweeb. And I want to use your earned income, right? And then invest that earned income in the assets. And then use the assets to buy dope shit. It's regular ass, robber, keel, stocky shit. I got it from him. I learned just when I was 19 from him and all his debts. And then I just applied that shit. And this is how you see me, you know, when I'm fucking designer shit, always got dope ass, time piece on me and my girlfriend all around, you know, doing dope shit. It's all passive income meaning my business is filled or my income stops for whatever reason, right? Boom. The assets is still making money. I can still support my lifestyle. And that's what you want to do. This how you don't have to live like these fucking bleeps who tell you, oh man, only poor people buy this shit. Only poor people just like that. It's just shut the fuck up, man. I used to work in the proud of store. I don't know if you'll notice. I used to be security guard and proud of store. Back when I was struggling. And I saw motherfucking billionaires going to proud of store buys. I saw Jack Dorsey morning once by shit. He knows that the rich people ain't buying this shit. Who the fuck is? That's the shit people say. Tell you, as a coping mechanism they use to mitigate the feelings of inferiority to experience when they see me get flexed on them. They gotta do something. Oh, he must be really poor. That's why I all that expensive shit. Yeah, that makes sense if you don't think about it. I'm really dumb. But it's not the truth. The truth is the real balls are doing it. Now you have some dummies. Make a lot of money and they're still doing this. That poor daddy shit. But they already income is so high. They still got money. The problem is that something happens to their business. Or we hit a recession or some bad shit happens. Then they're going to fall off. But if you follow Kiel Socky Shredging, you'll never fall off and you can fall off forever. Right? If you want to know more about the strategy I use. Right? I'm not going to sell you nothing. It's free. I got a video all about the cover call systems and they had to run the wheel and all the other shit. Go check it out. I'm not going to say nothing is nothing to buy. I'm not selling stock shit. I'm just trying to put you on. Don't want you all to succeed. You know, I beat the only black nigga in first class and I need y'all to be up there. Because they think I'm an athlete and I'm like, no, I don't play any sports. I just rarer his dad poor dad when I was 19 when they get that one here. You know, I need y'all in there. Wint me to break these stereotypes. I already. I got to be the one to break all the stereotypes. That's why I swim every time I go to vacation. That's the show we can do it. All right. You know what I'm saying? Man, I need y'all help. Come on, Nick. Let's go.