In this video, I'm gonna bring down some of the principles of stoicism that have helped me succeed in life and really just help me have a better quality life and more success. I've been studying stoicism in practice in it for 20 years ever since I read Meditations by Marcus Aurelius. One of the best books on stoicism is actually my buddy Ryan Holidays. Look, the obstacle is the way. I got a bunch of books on Ryan Holidays. And you know, he says them to me like before they come out just because they always he autographed before me, you know, he's not like the one you just buy, you know, you can just buy the autographed, no, this is too branded, right? That was for me. You can't get that guy soon. And you only got it. Pop it out of your street. Ryan has a lot of material on stoicism and you should check out his channel that Daily Stolic or better yet check out his books, especially obstacles ways. One of my favorite books at the world. I want to break down some of the principles of stoicism. The first one would be you have power over your mind, not outside events. Realize this and you will find strength. That's the big home you Marcus Aurelius. Now Marcus Aurelius was emperor, not king, not president, emperor of Rome. When he wrote this he was the most powerful man in the world at the time. He just has to remind himself in the way that impacts me in my life. I see a lot of people tripping over shit, really getting upset about a lot of things, especially on a line or on real life. I know that I can't control most of these things, right? I have very little impact or over these things for there'll be a war somewhere in somebody who would be like free someone so how can you don't talk about free and so on and so or talk about this issue or that issue on Instagram. Oh, I don't think that international policy is dictated by my Instagram. I don't think Benjamin Nyan-yao is watching my Instagram page. I'm like, oh guys, come here. King Keto made it. I g-story about about what was happening in Palestine. We need to course correct. You know the reality, I don't think I have any control over it. So, it's not say I don't have empathy for people in situations or empathy for certain issues. But, you know, my criteria for what I give a lot of thought to is this effect me or my family, does it affect my income? Now the answer could be no for those things, they're not, but I still care to know I have to another question. Can I do something to change it? Can I have a real effect on it? If the answer is no, I'm probably not going to put a lot of thought into it because shit happens all the time all over the world, right? You know, the stuff happening in the Middle East, my whole life, you know what I'm saying, is always something and I can't care about everything that's happening everywhere because if I care about what's happening in Middle East, then I also got to care about what's happening doesn't happen to Villa Sweep. If I cared about what's happening in Vstanden, then I also got to care about what's happening at the border. If I care about what's happening in the border, I also got to care about all types of shit. And I don't think I can change those things. Timo Left I'm only one man. I can't change the whole world, but I can change my world. I can change the world of the people around me. I can change the world of the people and my family. The only我 I can is focus and only. You can only focus on one thing at a time. So if I'm out here focusing on all these other issues that don't affect me and I can't change them. It kind of seems like I might be wasting time and energy. Am I really helping anyone? In fact, you can make the argument that focusing on things that don't affect me and that I can't control, I might actually be hurting the people who do depend on me. What let's really the point. What you do get out of it is you get to pretend you're doing something. Right. Like back in the day when it was a fucking problem, people would be out process. Martin King was out here protested getting his ass beat every weekend. Or I see people out here is something really care about they're called and writing their congressmen, writing their senators. Or I see people care about some shit they enlist and go fight in the war. But you don't want to do that because that would take work. That would take risk. You repost some shit someone says and now you feel better about yourself and it gives you the feeling that you have a cop just on them but you've accomplished nothing. Right. Let's see what's actually really doing some the fact that. Right. But are you about to get mad about it? If you ain't going to get the fucking hands dirty and do some, get some money or get in the fight y'all man. All that tripping over it is kind of like bullshit. He is kind of bullshit and it more importantly is wasted effort because now you're not helping the cause and you're not helping your cause. You're not changing the world and you're not changing your world because your focus is the verdict on things that don't affect. So focus on what you can control. I don't know why this is controversial but people are going to mad and be saying put all your energy on things you can control. It doesn't say how controversial to me but I know that the comments are going to fucking pull the people for the turnout but those of you who are smart enough to understand put all your energy on things that you can control. It only put your focus there and guess what? You might not be changed the whole world but you can change your world and then who knows maybe you'll make a bunch of fucking money and then you can deploy those resources to as your goal man if you got a candidate like maybe you can give some money instead of fucking arguing with people on Instagram comments you know what I'm saying like it does a war that that you feel like is unjust maybe you can donate to some cause in that region that help those people out if you get some money but if you just send a rail being poor crying on the internet I don't know if you really help it anyone and you're certainly not helping yourself. Hey the next stored principle that have bound health external things are not the problem it's your assessment of them which you can erase right now meaning these outside circumstances that affect you these things outside of your control you don't have to spas out about them you can control like mine you look at it like it's just a sit the emac and make it hell out of heaven or heaven out of hell and this is really about not not letting outside circumstances affect your emotions as much. And it can be big things or it can be little things like people are ready to spas out about almost anything for example I've seen people fucking get pissed or hitting their car because they're in traffic like that's normal shit that's normal shit you don't have to spas out about that or the rain I think people can piss about the hours rain and there's a fuck they're all moving I'm like help me you live on earth and we had this thing called the climate and there's a precipitation like it's gonna it's gonna happen sometimes man you haven't made peace with that get as an adult you haven't made peace with the fact that it it rains pretty frequently on earth but I think people getting like letting it really affect their emotions you don't have to let things affect your emotions and the better you can get and not letting them affect your emotions the happy will be in the more successful you will be warm buffets it if you can't control your emotions you can't control money like he's never pretty well from so you know he's made some like 200 billion dollars I mean you can't live off it but it's a here's how you use markers really is cool like are some of things are the problem you are assessment of them right for example listening I met the plane station again I called it the plane station because I don't like the word airport I think it's a bullshit word and they gave it to us and you all just accepted it like shit you didn't even think about it oh bus station train station airport somebody wants to say oh man it's like a port like a seaport no no no a fucking plane station is not like a seaport dummy he doesn't say the lot of differences between it was in the air was on water and the fucking plane station really acts more like the bus station or the train station there's no fucking terminals at your seaport asshole there are terminals at the bus station there are terminals at the train station there's terminals at the plane station those fucking terminals at your seaport dummy so something like the plane station and you know my flight to get delayed and I seen people fucking spaz I'll start yelling at you guys even if you want to see people lose their fucking shit go to the plane station people can't fucking handle it but the way I reframe it so it doesn't affect me I change my assessment of it the way oh marking mark really is it so I look at it like an opportunity for me to practice controlling my emotion because how do you get good at something without practice let's say you want to be more patient let's say you want to be more emotional stable you have to practice that like anything else how can you get that without practice so if you reframe these things oh this is opportunity for me to practice that reframe makes it so it doesn't bother me as much but I also started looking at it as a positive it's like oh okay and if I can handle this then I can handle the next thing you know you're fliking the latest that gonna be the worst thing that ever happens to you so if you can't handle this imagine what some real shit happened imagine when people die if your spaz is an overdose right like everybody knows going die right all your fucking pets I'm going to die right like you know there's going to be real tragedies you like and if you spaz over it flight being delayed hour how you go handle the real shit my life is if I look back at it it's been a series of tragedies you know and every time I go through I think okay this is probably not going to be the last tragedy I encounter and it might not be the worst I reframe is I like okay this is training for the next tragedy so if the next one is not as bad as this then it'll be easy and comparison if I can handle it as well as the next one is worst than this then my ability to handle this will set me up we'll put me in a better position to handle the next tragedy which may be worse this is like a training tragedy a practice tragedy is how I look at it you know and when you when you reframe things like that it they make it easier to deal with but you can also kind of see them as a positive because everything I'm saying is true so instead of saying like why this happened and we like eight men maybe the why it happened to you is to get you ready for the next shit this will happen right because your friends and family and be honest you're not immortal and not immortal you know saying how you're going to deal with this you know businesses feel relationships in you can say in like the average person has nine relationships before the you marry right that means relationships have a 90% failure rate and then other people get married 50% of them get the worst so it's like almost all of them right and a hundred percent of the people you know are going to die 80% of businesses feel like this is going to be a lot of tragedy in life if you think about it like train okay this will be me better for that's how you do with the real shit if it's raining oh this made this away from me to practice emotion most ability because it might rain again sometime you're all earth you know and I might have to experience that again so if I can deal with it this time ever I'll be able to deal with that better alright the next stoke principle that's really certain me will was it never ceases to amaze me we all love ourselves more than other people but we care about their opinions more than we care about our own right how many things have you not done because you were scared of what somebody would think well because you were embarrassed like all embarrassment is this fear of what other people think you know you never embarrassed by it alone by yourself you only embarrassed because you need other people's opinions for you to be embarrassed or but think about that where do you proud of yourself for not the only that I don't know circumstances seriously where do you proud of yourself and that's what Marcus met it's like it's like it's like we care about others opinions more than we care about our own opinions so you fucking around you're not even proud you know you're not gonna be proud of you for yourself a bitching out pussyfoot and around this shit right but you're doing anyway because you care about what other people think you have to relinquish your attachment to external validation from other people if you if you open up your bibles to john five forty one thirty eight the big homie Jesus said your approval or disapproval means nothing to me which is like the hardest line you know a whole book if you ask me you get them saying like Jesus wasn't out here trying to impress you man he was doing his thing he was worried about what he had it's probably because he was so lit yeah here healing leperds walking on water turning water to wine at the function he said like you know he sold it he ain't tripping off what anyone thinks good or bit and I think that's a big part of it like if we're to walk in his image we got a not tripping about people's disapproval of us but we also can't be attached to their praise either you can I'm saying like it's good to have praise but if you start to rely on that that's just as bad as held in bondish about a disapproval you gotta do what you think is right what you believe is right and you gotta focus on making yourself proud and building yourself up and when you start to behave like that you stop caring so much of other people think it's like when you guys leave hate comments here you talk shit about me like if I see it it doesn't really bother me too much right because I'm that nigga you're saying like I'm like super rich I'm in better shape than almost everybody's especially almost everybody my age right we talked about other 42 year olds like I'm wouldn't be late like I I really like myself now you don't like me that's cool right but I like myself right I'm not getting money ball is shot call the flexing on haters standing on the holes you know my my girl got that is and big titties both both y'all here like man answer to some like then I don't live a life of scarcity I want to got both man don't don't place your arbitrary limitations on me brother that's your limited mind alright I want to got both in one chick I'll let you guys pick between ass and titties that's not the world I want to live in because I don't have to not anymore but I fuck with me I like me a big part of the reason why some of you guys are so attached to external validation is because you don't fuck with yourself like you don't have a good reason to fuck with yourself let me tell you why because to be that confident you have to give yourself a reason to be confident you should only look for your validation but you've got to give yourself a reason to be confident so when you have a breaking promise to yourself when you don't wish you didn't ask for to do when you play video game all day instead of working on your goals do you really feel good about yourself of course you don't feel good about yourself you don't you don't fucking trust yourself you don't like yourself when you do this you that doesn't build your confidence right when you sleep in or stay in a plate or stay or didn't fucking drunk in high all day right you don't feel good about yourself and you shouldn't like you know that shit is fucking whack you know you shouldn't be doing this shit but what you want your ground was you really moving towards your purpose then you start to love yourself you start to appreciate yourself you start to have more pride you can't bullshit yourself is to say oh I love myself I'm just going to beat I'm just this I'm just that like you can't bullshit yourself right you got to really give yourself a reason to be proud yourself give yourself a reason to love yourself and then once you do that another motherfucking start talking shit about you like oh yeah it's motherfucking don't even you know I forgive me he knows I what he do he don't know how dope I am he don't know it's okay yeah I never know all right then when you get to my level it's like oh these motherfucking ain't fit to judge me I am that nigga like these motherfucking are not qualified about to have an opinion on a motherfucking like me and I know that sounds arrogant but it's the truth and let me tell you man baller stink like that like motherfucking successful people think that that they they fame modesty they because it's it's more uh marketable to be modus you know we we all found out how Jordan really thought about himself and how he felt right but when he was in if he always an outside in the 90s or y'all wasn't alive in the 90s right but I was and he was every time he did interview super humble he was like oh yeah blah blah blah but we found out what he was on in real life you find that I thought about himself in real life you know I'm saying like motherfucking's our pretend to be but he should be earned that and then I'm just telling you when you built that kind of confidence it's like somebody else like crying because a girl left you or some it's like oh what's you been working on yourself and you're working on yourself every day and you become better every day imagine you that you would have grown for like six months or some and you'd be working on yourself that whole time too and as she leaves you you'll be excited about that right because six months of working on yourself you'll probably better now than you were when you got her so now you got opportunity to get some better right yeah to get a better chick because you've been because you've improved you should be in better shape you should have more money you should be more disciplined more focus right you should be able to get a better chick what she love right if you get fired from a job but you've been working on your skill this whole time you've been working on everything or you have to leave a job or you could lay it off whatever it's like shit I'm better than I am now doing I got this job so I should be able to get a better job I got more spirits I got more talent like working on yourself gives you that kind of resilience so you ain't even tripping off shit when it happens because you know you that make it but you've got to earn that you can't make that shit up man you can't be make believe homie you can't just tell yourself they're all of myself you know man you know that's bullshit you don't love you because you got to give yourself a reason to love yourself you love your parents for a reason you can't understand like I was there for you they did so much for you for such a long time your mom would drop you in the dumps that you in love her you know I'm saying like motherfuckers who's dead left them like you know them I'm at girls in New York who's dead lived in the same barrel she ain't met him ever she never seen them over like ten years right she love him she had a reason to right you don't love your parents just cause you love him because they was there for you only love yourself if you if you're there for yourself only kids and pets get loved one conditionally and those are the top three stork principles that have really impacted my life you know I really just to check out the homie right holiday's work if you want to know more about it you know or read meditations about markers to relios I probably read that shit how just it's times if you want a more current version of that is the obstacle is the way by right holiday but if we're remember you got to keep improving yourself hey I know where you can prove yourself right now I got a free ebook called the Ten Commandments of all line training if you're trying if you want to write level up in your life and you love fitness you won't learn how to build your own life in this business I got a free book to show you how to do it even if you're not certified even if you don't have a big following even if you don't have a lot of experience this book of March you're down at pad it really seems like this is right for you because you might redistribute like fuck I don't want to do a work to be an online trader and that's cool it's because if you made that decision you can cross this out but it might feel like don't this is part of it for me but you won't know until you get some more information that I've free that book is free take it out in the link below all right