Listen, this is right here changed my life when he came to women. Because I was always a type man. I'm gonna get a brawl. I'm gonna build a rub. You know, put a wig on a pig. I'm gonna then I got a realization. And I went from, I had more success in the next two years than I had in the previous decade when I heard this. How can a man start to level up himself? Not only just for the girl, just but so for his own kind. Man, fuck the broader, what I say first man, y'all be way too worried about the brawl. Man, listen, you know, Markle used to tell me, say listen. I ain't worried about the brawl. I'm worried about myself and she better keep up. Right, come on. That's tell your life should be. How does a dude like level level himself up, right? Number one, you gotta cut the vices. Cut the vices. Man, it's a removal process. It's not about adding a whole bunch of things on, like most people do when they want to get their life. You know, the man, you ain't been consistent in nothing in your life. You think you've been having this at this and just do it. Remove the vices, remove, stop doing all the things that are taking you back for yourself. Savitized to behave your first. Jimmy's in example the vices. Okay, you smoking weed. You drinking. You're going out on the weekends all the time. You know you ain't got your business right. You jacking off all the time. And you know you eating bag, you know, go drink or smoke. I don't drink or smoke. I ain't smoked in like eight years and I ain't drinking 10 years. And I jumped on and all the multiple times until I got to the vices. This is fucking stupid because every time I stop doing these things, my life immediately elevated. But okay, it's a removal process, right? Once you just remove the wrong things, you'll automatically elevate to baseline. Right. And once you're at baseline and you've developed some consistent habits, now you can start adding things. Energy will power and clarity is what it takes to be successful. Okay. And smoking weed, alcohol, you know, all that is extra dopamine. You get into all these things that's taken away your energy will power and clarity. And without these, you're going to be very hard to be successful. Because right. So now you need tools to enhance these things, right? So now you start working out. All right. Not just to get your body in your confidence, right? But you got to work out the racial frequency, right? Yeah. With your real frequencies, which you frequently see, Westlight to say that all the time. And literally when you're in the high frequency state, you see solutions to your properties. You see how it's going work when you're in a low and negative state, you see how it's not going work. You depressed about your life. So you got to work out to get your body right, to get your mind right. That's going to be a process, right? But they won. Yeah. You're building better. You're going to go to your best. Start feeling better. And you're doing, you know, you're supposed to be doing exactly. You start to like, yeah, they like daily. Those night bowls daily wins. And then you got to get it proper diet for two reasons. One, you eat in autumn carbs and all that bullshit. Not that process. And then you eat in way too many carbs. You're supposed to be eating. So now you got, now you got brain fault. Now you're unmotivating. Now you have a little energy. How can you be successful like that? How can you even feel good like that? Right? Discipline in what you put in your mouth is one of the hardest things to do in life. It's one of the biggest addicted human beings. So when you could begin to discipline what you put in your mouth, yes, what? Now you can comfort out where things. Because that's one of the hardest things. But if you can never do that, these those they talk about, I'm going to be a man. I'm a run-in-is business. You can't even deny yourself the desire of that Twinkie. But you think you're going to run this big multi-million dollar business with all these employees stopping. Not at all. The same control in where things can control outward things. So that's where I start. When cutting the vices is a removal process. Stop the self-sabotized behavior. Stop the back steps. Get to baseline. It's all working out. Start eating proper. Then come get with me. Get on my program. No, no, no. You're just a holiday to me. He does he does online culture. And he does game culture. I got a week to hold game calls. I got a game community. Oh, we got to leave this young Goldie on the score. Step one. Remove the vices. Yeah. You got to get your macro dot, your fat's protein's in cars. Man, if you don't know that, you guess it. He treats us to the choir over here. He's got right here. Oh, six hands. Got the cousin. No, no, no, no. Man, you know what it is. Look, be the third step for these nicks. The third step is a daily blueprint with your life. You have the first half clarity. There's just why you need to cut the vices, right? You have that clear on where you going. And then you have to have a daily blueprint of non-negotiables that you do every single day. And each one of these tasks is going to get you one step closer to your goal in the long run. You're going to say, so most people they wake up in a half-hazard way, they just do whatever they feel like doing. You're never going to be successful like that. And if you do, you're not going to be able to duplicate it because you don't know what you did. Right? You have to have a daily blueprint of line with your goal. So you can wake up and hit a certain amount of tasks that are all taking you to where you want to go. But most people don't know where they want to go because they never even sat down long enough to figure out what they want. They don't have the map down. And they don't have a map out. They got the game. Yeah. I've spent over $250,000 in mentorship to things like that. And across all boards on these high-level people making me $1,000 a month and so companies for $2,300,000, they all have some sort of blueprint. And you all have different methodologies. And so I structure my day like that. I know you all fire with chores. You are a high-level individual. But you're the way you were in line. Manic. Not it. I got to think you're brain about that later. But yeah. Yeah, you're definitely. What are some of the habits? Because you've seen the people implement to help them move forward. Or list the basics. Waking up early. Like early, when you say early, we would at least bore you. We would at least bore you. We would at least bore you. We would at least bore you. We would at least bore you. We would at least bore you. But you know, it's not just about because it's more time than the day because it's depending on when you go to sleep. It might not be. Self-inflicted diversity. We live in a time when we so soft you have to strategically do hard things to keep yourself strong. Don't lose it atrophy. And most people obviously do so so weak because we got to live such a plus life that you have to force hard. You're not against soft men. Soft and on muscle. So often this is disgusting out here. Just like what we're miscelled. And she's smelling on you. You do it too. You know what? You know what? People think that's all damn it. You so hard. Maybe you know how many women call bras. You try to take the out to dinner as hard as I talk. You know, because they really deep down a side. They let it start to sit. But anyway, one of the non-negnocals has to be cut the biases. People don't understand, man. Yeah, you may drink one day. But you lose two days. The day you drunk and the day after. That's a fun. And just extrapolate that to an entire year. How many days did you miss? And then if you're talking about compound interest, one of the eighths of the world, you're never going to get tapping to that compound interest. You have to mention the motivation that you don't have the third day. And now it's hard to get back in and route. So it's like you're doing so many things when you fuck up with the biases. So cut the biases. Yeah. Make sure you're going to work on a regular basis and hit your macros because that's all going to trip you to your energy, your clarity and your willpower. And it sounds like whatever their goals are, the habits need to be around whatever your other be. Let's just say you're trying to, I don't know, you're a sales person. Right? So guess what? Then every single day on your blueprint, you need to have something in that direction. And okay, how many co-stars do I need to make every single day? And that's one thing on your list. And so depending on what you're trying to do, you got to, it's very simple. But you know, most of us in the world, you look, everything is simple before it's hard. But guess what? Most of us weren't taught like that. Most of us were taught to just do whatever it went out every hour. Nobody was taught these things. So that's why I like to bring the information that I've learned from high level individuals and distill it down to people where I've got that information. That's the fact, you know, what I think we're going to do it all on my business business, right? I said up nine negotiables for them, right? Because we already know what it is. So they got to have 20 conversations with, like, potential clients per day new conversations. You're like, and batching most people still don't do that. But everyone who does it, we exact conversations lead to conversions. And you start getting them conversations and you'll get money. It's simple when you get the blueprint. For example, some people, when I'm coaching a little bit like, man, that's so difficult. And I'm like, I have to compare the what, right? Once a week, there's a lot of clean in the windows and these buildings, hey, motherfuckin hang it off the fucking side of the building. Like a Latino spider-man. Yeah, it's difficult. Yeah, yeah. You know, it's relative. It's relative. Yeah, typically they're talking to 20 people, you know? I say, I'd advise you know, everything is horrible for us. Easy. And that's why you need to get around high level individuals. Yeah. Every time I get around a high level individuals who have a lot more than me, it's because they're doing more than me. You sell to improv, somebody you think you're doing a lot. And to you get around a high level individuals like yourselves, like, West, like a lot of these 100 millionaires that I know. And you be like, I ain't doing shit. Yeah. Sometimes it's good to get that perspective, because then you make you step it up when you see people on a high level and working at up much harder than much more than everybody else. It changes the recalibrates. Your brain. You see my fucking shit. Yeah. It's like, oh fuck, I thought I was going on. You just most of you are just around a bunch of low level individuals. You don't really know it because you're low level. So, you know? Yeah, because it's like it's difficult to really, really feel in America. If you can't make it here, then you can't make it. No, if you use it some shit country with that bullshit, they may have it do be all fucking awesome. Yeah, man. Man, they still can't. Come on, y'all need to tap in. Yeah, man. Who's getting you game like this man? And he talking like this, because they live like this man, they want you to pay for the broad and you ain't a real man. Unless you pay for it, man. Listen, this is right here changed my life when he came to women. Because I was always a type man. I'ma get a broad, I'ma build a rub. You know, put a wig on a pig. I'ma then I got a realization. And I went from, I had more success in the next two years than I had in the previous decade. When I heard this, he said, you don't take ducks and teach them to fly. You find eagles and teach them to fly formations. Stop trying to get that low level broad and turn around to something, man. And so, when that change in my period, I'm applied to everything. I don't stop going for the low level broad. It's too much work. You know what I'm saying? They say, don't try to teach a pig to fly. It's impossible. And only irritates the pig. You try to log with that broad change. Never going to change. Start giving women on a different level. And it's easier to get a duck than it is to get eagle. But guess what? It's worth it. If you take the time and just look for the eagle, it's a min level up. And then maybe you'll be able to see if you want that broad to fuck with you. She got the feel like she getting over fuck with you. She got to feel like she can't, she can't, it ain't no, it ain't no. Women are going to do an eagle exchange. I'll fuck with somebody on my level and if she did, you don't want to be on that. That's how much farther ahead. You know, like, God's be asked me how to get girls out of your, I think men like the girl you want. Think about men. To who would you have to be for that girl to be excited to be with you, to change you real, right? Real. And focus on being that naked. Right? Because if you, if you were him, you wouldn't be asking me that. Why, why? See, be asking me that question about you. I can see you, because they too focused on a woman. So they're trying to be what these bras want. Right? So they end up becoming something that the bra don't even want. Because bras don't never tell you what they actually want. And I'm everything they would say a woman wouldn't want. Yet I have more women than most people. You hear you know what I'm saying? So if dudes just started liking themselves and knowing themselves that being a self still get a woman who actually liked them for them and they ain't got to put on it. And they're going to attract the one that they need. The truth is man, you can get anything you want if you deserve it. And if you get where a girl who may be out of your league, she'll treat you like you out of your league. That's like she's out of your league. That's a fact. But if you want to grow on, or maybe on whatever that, that same level, who's excited to be with you. And then it's not if you know it's all subjective. She's only out of your league because you treat her like she is because you feel like she is. But if you started having a different paradigm of what bad you is to you and you strip all her looks and everything and her pussy away from her has been bad you guess what? Now you're not coming to her like she more bad you would be because you understand okay looks okay that's something that face pussy that's free I can get there for anybody what is left. Okay she really has nothing. And if we go on apples and apples orange orange orange orange I make a certain amount of money I have this certain network I've been doing is I have a mine I have wisdom. That's way more valuable than her. And now you step into the situation with a different aura and she's going to respect that man in the game let me tell you and that's a blessing just being around the game is it was the ugliest dudes in the game that you would consider ugly that you would consider fat who had the most women it was never about looks in the game. A big tide building bag is right now isn't a wheelchair having multiple colons you know what I'm saying why because his game is mine because his confidence right so when you understand that you realize and you know I'm not saying what people say and they sure well you get your money right get this right get that right man how many dudes do you know who have and man's a dollar so still get treated like nothing by the women even or clear they have more more value if you don't feel like you got value it don't matter money is only one part of it exactly it's like you want to have money because you it makes life better the more complete war is the man right you know exactly get the money for yourself but not try to buy the bra but that's the most is you do I think they get people's messages because mr. strut they like okay get this money and then you're going to be able to have action no you get this money now you only seen as a trick and now you could buy I'm not buying no bra the amount how much money I got you know they always talk about okay man if you got all this money man she can't say nothing me the bra can't say nothing me if I was broke right the requirement some I respect isn't predicated on the money I got and if you predicated on the money you got if you if it took you to get some money to put some base in your boys man you not that dude you know I'm saying that she really don't respect you because you can't buy respect is that money gone you know she's not gonna respect you but women don't respect me before the money with me not giving her nothing then she can't fuck with me anyway but see most of these dudes they'll fuck with a woman and they're putting out their leading with their money so they never find out that that woman don't really like the next she only like the money because they led with them you didn't even give that woman a chance to like you you made her fall in love with your hand so now when you take the hand away she feels disappointed had you a lead with you but you know people give mad what a woman want you for your money what that's what you led with you should if you wanted to leave with your character then cheat all I show character women get mad all he only wants me for such you led with your sexuality what you lead with people the world from you yeah no that's a fact that kind of bitch you put out is it is going to determine the kind of fisher case exactly I mean people see that I look like this but this is a this is a tactic I don't talk about money with my woman at all I never bring up money I never try to stunt money I mean I'm a look like money because man that's just how I'm a cadupent you know I like to get chosen my mouth closed but I don't talk about money I don't leave with my money because you're teaching your woman what to value you teach you you know how dangerous it is to throw money in your woman face because you're teaching her to value money and it's always somebody with more money he's also with you by then so when you teach her that money is the most important thing you go in and face then it's always going to be a man that can take you from her let it teach your character rules value your style your swag your confidence all of these things your wisdom your intellect if you teach her that's what we value in his household then when she's seeing another man with money that's trying to get action at her yeah she's going to see him as just another goofy with money if he doesn't have these attributes that's why the woman's that fuck with me it's not about the money because I'm not giving her this I'm not giving her that we have a nice lifestyle because I am why I am but when we started it wasn't about that it's because of who I am she fell in love with the things that she likes about me yeah you're not feeling willing to leave with that and you just leave them with the bag to compensate for your lack of personality then it's always going to be you know it's in and you might have to be a coping mechanism maybe it's bad on a money because that's all they got even in this podcast we told money muscle or mindset three to quarter-stels right you're gonna get your money right for sure right you got to you know it's especially you got a family get some you can't hear bullshit with the money but you got to get your muscle ready to fight your body right then you got to have your mindset right you know what I'm saying if you have all those things together it's like how could she just like you put if she smart she's that everything about you if you mastered all three of those man I like that money muscle mindset and man come on man there's still those don't really got to stand man when you really got a mind don't you got to do it like you quick witty you could say some sweet fried point you know a woman loves a man that she could learn from that's a track I don't know what these those do on the standard if you could teach a woman and she could learn from you man that would they put you in line and I promise you ask for women we've been loving man they could learn from they could get some gain from it lacer up you teach us some things a man they never taught her man she would never go fuck with another man because you don't have the information that you don't feel find that valuable about your social only with I think my game is the most valuable thing about me so that's the first thing I try to show to a woman oh you know I'm display I lean on my game with a woman not my money another this we're gonna people find out more about young gode underscore on instagram game gode on youtube gode ratio dot com if you want to get all my product come on y'all need to y'all need to tap him man yeah who's it who's getting you game like this man and he talking like this because they live like this man they want you to pay for pay for the broadening you ain't a real man unless you pay for it man