In this video, I want to show you the three things that you have to avoid if you want to get rich and become massively successful. You want to get rich, you want to make some money, you want to excel financially. In this video, for you, this might be the most important video you ever watch. I'm going to break down the things you need to avoid in order to really start balling, shot call, to flexing on the haters, studying on the holes. All right, now you may be thinking, watch the list of this guy. He got a tank top on me. Well, because over the last few years, I've built several multi-eight-figure businesses. I've coached other entrepreneurs that helped them because I've built successful businesses as well. And I've noticed patterns, both in myself and entrepreneurs I coached. And if you follow this advice, you'll put you into bestest position in the succeed. If you don't follow this advice, I can pretty much guarantee failure. At best, you'll be mediocre. Have an average looking wife, but she ain't going to like you because you make it average money. And she's going to wish you marry someone else. Then you're going to get divorced because the average marriage ended in the divorce, right? 50% of marriage ended in the divorce. She's going to take half of your shit because you tune much of a bitch to get a pre-nup. So you're going to take half of your shit and your kids. And as you go marry another motherfucker and your kids ain't going to like him. And then you're going to like you because she's going to play with everything on you. Your life would just be a unmitigated disaster. And then you die. Listen, avoid that fate. But the things that would, the things that you need to avoid in order to get rich. All right. So the first thing you need to avoid if you want to get rich is you have to avoid empty victories. What do I mean by that? Well, when I was struggling and I say struggling, not broke. Right. So in my early 20s, my father killed himself. And it was during the recession of 08. So I had to take care of the whole family. But it was the worst economic conditions since the depression. Super bad. We had record unemployment. The global economy was collapsing before our very eyes. And I had to work really hard to dig myself in my family out of the hole. But nobody was hiring. So I had to work a bunch of labor jobs. And I was working like 12, 14 hours a day, seven days a week in a different two years. And during that time, you know, I was able to help my family get us out of that position. But I kept working with that same work ethic. And a lot of times people would tell me, you got to enjoy life. You got to work, you know, man, you got to live a little all these shit. And before I think it, I thought something was wrong with me at that man. Why don't I enjoy life as much as these people do? And then I read a book called Relentless by Tim Grover, Tim Grover trained Michael Jordan Colby Bryant, the way away in a bunch of other, you know, amazing Hallophane basketball players. And he didn't talk about training the specific tactics or drills they did. He talked about the mindset. After I read that book, I realized, oh, if you want extreme success, then you actually have to approach it differently than other people approach it, right? All this liberal liberal enjoy life shit. That's cool. If you don't want extreme success. If you want to be regular, regular guy, doing regular shit to you die, then yeah, you can kind of half ass it. You can pussy-flid it to your goals, right? But if you want extreme success or you, you're in the deficit. If you're in the success deficit, like I was and you had to dig yourself out and you have to be extreme. If you want extreme results, they require extreme actions, right? And it doesn't really work any other way. And when I read that book Relentless, it kind of gave me permission. And one thing I realized was when it comes to enjoying life that recreation wasn't the only way to enjoy life, right? You can enjoy life with recreational activities for sure, but it's not the only way. Some of us enjoy life but push in ourselves. I see in how much of our potential we can bring to the surface and working on it every day. And if you learn to enjoy life that way as opposed to only being able to enjoy life with recreation, then you could enjoy life more often. That's what people understand. Because if the only way you can enjoy like as parties, recreation, recreational drugs, vacation, casual sex, all the shit, none of those things are bad with them themselves, but if those are the only way you can enjoy life, then you can only get little pockets and joy. Because you can't do those things all the time. You certainly shouldn't indulge in those things every day, right? So that means you don't enjoy life every day. If you can learn to associate and enjoy life with pushing yourself, seeing how much of your potential you can bring to the surface, then you can enjoy life every day, 24 hours a day, right? With people understand this, I've changed my associations with pain and pleasure, right? So now, you know, I'm just as happy in front of my computer working on spreadsheet, so I don't want to shift from my business as the average person is on a vacation. Getting high, smoking dope. Because I changed my association with pain and pleasure, right? And I stop chasing empty victories, sorry to say it's a long term victory. This is very important. And what what it would that looks like, yeah, a lot of you guys heard me say this before, just shut the fuck up and listen, bro. Right, I need to ask you no questions. All right, so see me for a way, everyone's favorite, coped up pervert. He's also the father of the monocycality. He said that people are always moving towards pleasure as a heart or away from pain. That's why you represent pain, right? And that's why everybody makes every decision. Right? So right now, you associate pain with hard work. Some of you associate pain with diet, working out, waking up early, right? And you associate pleasure, pleasure with, uh, hosts. Party, drugs, recreational drugs, vacation. When you associate pain with something, it takes a lot of discipline to do those things. And the deerserms, it's going to take a lot of discipline to do the stuff here. Right? It's going to take a lot of discipline to not do the things here. Right? But you can change that. You can change these associations with uh, something else I've talked about all the time is the list of pain, right? And the list of great. So with the list of hate is you're going to make a list of everybody talk shit about you. Every chick who rejected you, everybody who said you couldn't make it. My focus will mean you two videos shit on you. Maybe that might be a unique thing for me. But you want to just make a list of it, right? And look at that list every day. As I'll start my morning. Over time, you got to understand that when you don't work hard to hate or win, right? And the only way to punish them, right? Because we can't like fuck them up, be their ass or shoot them any more, right? So the only way to punish them is which is success. You can't understand? The phrase that I've just said the best revenge is massive success. And in my experience that's true, right? Because I've gotten revenge on people all different types of ways. The best it has been massive success. Believe me, I've tried everything. I'm super well versed in revenge. But massive success is the best one. And in the beauty of it is it propels you towards your goals, more, right? People will tell you you should do for yourself. You shouldn't worry about the haters. I'm like, no, no, no, man. If you don't, it's hardest that hate. You're wasting our patuting and you use this beautiful feel to propel you towards your your goals. Payed is just a tool, just like any tool, right? Like a like a knife. I can use a knife to cut up food that I'm preparing for a homeless people at all days given, right? Or for children at all, or for this, then that way I use the knife for good. Or I can use the knife to start stabbing people in a shit. Right? It's not the knife that's good or bad. It's how it's used. Same thing with hate. If hate is used for good, then it's a good thing. You're gonna say, it's a good thing. The problem that if you only lean on hate, then you risk being awesome Darth Vader shit. Right? It all uses hate, right? You want to use the other emotions as well. That's why I say the list of great. So you want to make a list. You want to imagine a version yourself that accomplished all your goals and aspirations. And it right down the attributes of that that version of yourself would have to have. What type of a date is that person wake up? What time is that person go to sleep? Is that person staying up getting high, playing video games, jerking off, right? Is that my fucking getting the blowing all those money in the strip club? Like, what is he really doing, right? And his thing, you look at that list every day too. And every time you start acting in the accordance to what's on your list of great, you start to feel good about yourself. You start actually liking yourself. When you actually proud of yourself, here's a funny thing. A lot of you people say they don't have confidence or they lack self-esteem, and because they haven't given themselves a reason to have confidence. They haven't given themselves a reason to be proud of themselves. When you start acting in accordance to what's on your list of great, then you actually give yourself a reason to be proud of yourself. It even before you will accomplish the goals you'll like yourself better because you're doing this you're supposed to start to enjoy doing the things you're supposed to do. What happens is this should start to flip. You start to associate pleasure with the stuff you use to associate pain with. And then you start associate pain with the stuff you use to associate pleasure with. So you start to flip. So now when you're out here chasing holes at the party while you're high on vacation, you start to feel bad about yourself because you know, because two things have happened. You're not acting in accordance with the man you need to be to accomplish your goals. And you letnair's win. These motherfuckers would be ready motherfuckers to hate knowing you if you don't accomplish their goals. They weren't hating. They were just correct. They said you couldn't do it and you don't do it. It wasn't hate. It was just a fair assessment of your capabilities. motherfuckers with fortune tellers. They just started playing the lottoe because they were right. You know, they can predict the future and they did it. And you know that at this point what you start changing the associations then it doesn't take this a plan. That's a bit we've trained send this it. A discipline is important right? If you got it cool, but if you have to what if you didn't have to rely on discipline, what if you changed your brain? When you change your brain, you changed the game. The only way I know this is the greatest is just a form of condition yourself. Make no mistake. If you don't condition yourself, then your environment, society, other people will condition you. Are you going to be conditioned no matter what? Are you going to be active participant? Or are you going to be a victim of the conditioning? That's what you've been up into this point. And then you won't have to worry. You won't take discipline for you to stop focus on empty victories. You'll start focusing on the things that will be prepared to your goal and you'll like it. And then people will start calling you will work the hallic. They'll start thinking you're crazy. You'll know you're on the right path when people start saying you're crazy. You work too much. You've got to live a little. When they can't even fathom, I'm a f**k it. Enjoying life. Doing this stuff you do. But you feel like oh man, this is what I want to do. I'm not forcing myself. When you start feeling like that, people start saying you're crazy. That's how you know you're on the right path. So that is crazy, then that's why they're going to be failures. The next thing you need to avoid is limiting beliefs. We talked about conditioning. If you don't condition yourself, you're a vibe-man, who's conditioning. So it's very important that you control the conditioning. And a lot of us, we grow up with these with a lot of limiting beliefs that hold us back. For example, I told the story before, but it bears repeating that I love telling it. I was taking my son to a Lego discovery world. It's in a mall. It's a Lego place where you have fun, play with Legos, do Lego shit. It's cool. We start doing Lego shit. We start building together. You understand? And there's an Omega watch store in that same mall. And I just seen it. Let me stop it this shit right away. And I was looking at this Omega Planet Ocean Chronograph watch. It's a new limited edition when they came out with. And I tried it on. I was like, yeah, man, how much this big ass crazy watch? And the do-sit is 10 grand. And my son was like, 10 grand, he's 6, 10 grand. That's too much money. I don't know where he learned that shit. But I said, not for me, but I said, hey, hey, I look here. Look here home. Never say something's too expensive. You can get anything you want if you work hard enough. That's an example of a belief I went to instill in him from a young age. Because a lot of times when I see you happening to people, they get these limited beliefs instill in them by their parents. Right? And I see it really prevents them from thinking what's possible. People when they, your parents say, we can't afford it. Be realistic. You know, you can't do that. These limited beliefs that get them into our subconscious mind, they become part of our program. And how it affects us, it looks like this. There's reality. Right? Reality is there's objective reality, like just what's there. Right? But then there's objective reality and there's subjective reality. Subject reality is how you experience reality. Right? We all see things differently. If you know somebody who's short of you, do this experiment. Like, bend down to their eye level and start walking around the room. The same room looks different. I swear to you, that's a weird thing. Right? But you both see the same thing, but you're looking at it from different perspectives. So you're having a different experience with the reality. You can understand or your dog, he experiences reality different than you do because your dog can't see in color. You barely fucking see it all. Right? But he can smell way better than you. So he's smelling all types of shit. He's having a different experience of the same reality that you because of his perception. Now with humans, our nervous systems are pretty much the same. But we still experience reality differently. For example, reality is like for weight loss. Reality is a man calories in calories out. You're going to lose weight. That is reality. No matter how you look at it, that's just a true. That is objective reality. The interesting reality gets interpreted both through our nervous system, like, you know, our senses, but also through your beliefs. Your beliefs is like the filter. If your beliefs are dieting is hard, then that will be true for you. But is that the truth? What if you who had to believe that, hey, I can control what I put in my mouth. I'm not some whore who would just put anything in my mouth. I'm in control of what goes in my mouth. What if you took the belief that controlling the mouth of food you putting your mouth is actually the lowest form of discipline. It's like right above not shouldn't on yourself and pissing your pants. If you can stop shitting your pants, then you can control how much food depending on your mouth. I believe that. What if you took on that belief? Then you'd have a different experience with this calorie-zincalli-resolution. Right? Now here's the thing. You're at Belize Impact something called your reticular activation system or RAS for short. What is RAS? Well, it's a part of your brain that's connected to your brain system. This is a real part of your brain in reticular activation system. And what it does is it filters what you experience in an nervous system based off your beliefs. For example, I'm sure you'll video to show us how the reticular activation system works. To test just how much attention the attention-stealing design of the new Scoda Fabia actually is. We left one parked on this ordinary road in West London. We wanted to see if it sharp crystalline shapes, bold lines and lower wider profile would attract the desired level of attention. All right, so just look at the car, just focus on how people respond to this new car. Will the 17 inch black alloy wheels stop passes by in their tracks? Will the angular headlights attract the attention of other road users? Will it? I don't know. Will a crowd gather to check out its fresh, sporty look? Hmm. Well, not quite. But did the attention-stealing design distract you from noticing that the entire street has been changing right before your very eyes? Me and this white man told you to focus on how people respond to the car because we controlled which you focused on? You missed all the other shit that was happening on the street. Like check it out. Don't believe us. How this is how the shit started. You can see it right here. You can see like this is the beginning of the video right in the corner. That's how the street started. Did you think of the band changing to a taxi? Dang how about the scooter changing to a pair of bicycles? Damn. Or the lady holding a peg? You even know that's alone the fact that the entire street is now completely different. Bro, the build and change colors. This is the beginning. Yeah, and this was the end. And you didn't even notice it happened, right? Because we controlled what you're focused on. And you program your RAS with your beliefs. It's kind of like one of your homies gets a new car or some shit. You start singing that car everywhere. You did not fucking start attracting that shit like you're an X man or some shit. No, no, no, that car was there all the time. You just didn't notice it. What happens is you believe that died in its heart and now you're your RIS starts to look for evidence that that is true. Right? And the same thing here. If you believe, hey, I can control how much food I put in my mouth. I'm not a child. Right? Then you start to look for evidence that that is true. Your brain will start showing you evidence. And then that is how your reality is formed. Right? Because the reality and then there's your reality. This is how like racism is formed. Right? If I tell you that all fucking black people are lazy criminals. Right? Then you'll see that. You're only going to see my focus on the news, right? But you and you won't see in a Barack Obama, right? You won't see that good martial. Right? You won't see the dodo who started BT, right? You won't see Oprah, right? You're only going to see what you believe. That's how racism itself prejudices. Right? There's another example, right? Because you believe something and then your RIS shows you evidence that forms your realities. So if you believe that you can't control the amount of food you're putting in your mouth or you believe that died in this art, right? Then that's going to be your experience. Because you're going to see evidence of it. But if you believe, hey, man, I can't control. I'm not a child. I can control the amount of food I put in my mouth. Then you're going to be eye your baller. Yeah, I'm saying you're going to be killing this shit. That's a man with muscles. So you really have to guard your beliefs. This is why I want my son said, that's too expensive. But like, nothing is too expensive. If you want, you can get as long as you work hard enough. It is very important that your guard your beliefs, right? And the way I do that, I don't like letting people say anything negative around me. I do my best to never speak negative as well. So today I didn't get as much sleep as I would have liked to. So I said to say, I'm tired as I may need to give them more sleep, but I need to get more energy, right? But if I say, man, I'm tired, right? What's going to happen? My RIS system is going to look for evidence. But if I say, I need to get more energy. My RIS is going to look for ways for me to get more energy. All right, cool man, boom, you got some adapt in the counterman. You got, you got that emergency at a roll in the crib. You got, you got enough pre-workout out of here to get somebody kicked off their NCAA team. All right, you can look for energy. Maybe taking that right quick. There's a lot of stuff you can do, right? Same thing. It says saying, oh, I got enough money. I need to find more ways to get money. All right, said to say, and I'm hungry. He said, yeah, I need to get something to eat. Your RIS system is going to look for evidence of whatever your belief is on. So you got to control your beliefs and thought and words are beliefs expressed. Words are just thoughts verbalized. So you got to really control those thoughts. You got to control those words. You know, it's very important. A lot of this is going to have to be reprogramming, right? From your broke ass parents, right? I get it. I'm lucky in this. It should even though my group work, like my dad always told me, I can do whatever I want. It is always so many. The way I tell my son, the beauty of it is that if you know my story, man, you know, group work. I got sent away to military school, you know, and then by the time I graduated from military school, I graduated 17, my dad was, he went from being poor on a South-Syredish cargo to he was making $3 million a year and years, $2,000. So adjusted for inflation, that's 24 years ago. Just that would have been $8 million a day as money. Right? So I saw him do it. He fucked all the money. Yep. I didn't experience netted wealth because I was going away in military school, but it's time I graduated from college. Howard University, H.U. Wood up. But it's time I graduated from college to he had fucked all the money up when broke. We was broke in and he killed himself. But I knew it happened, right? Like he didn't know how to sustain wealth. He said you can be everything anything you want to be and then he did it. Shit, I'm saying and then he did it. A big thing you need to realize when you look at your list of hate and list of great is like, yo, when you tell your kids, they can be whatever they want. If you don't end up being whatever you want, right? If you don't fucking live that shit, he's going to think it's bullshit. You're going to be there and he won't believe you. I was super lucky that I had a pair of two and still that shit in me, but then they want the wall. You need to be that for your your generation. So basically you got to control your beliefs. The third thing you need to avoid is your cup of zone. The cup of zone is like a prison that keeps you in body. Sometimes people would rather stay in the hill they know and go into the unknown. This is why you see some people stay in abusive relationships or bad relationships where you see people stay at jobs they don't hate, right? Because it's too afraid to go out there and try to move things, right? And this keeps them in bondage. A bondage made by their own fear. I've seen it stop a lot of the talents that people from actually going after their goals or going after their dreams and then what happens is they get to be my age. I'm 42 and it's kind of late to start going after your dreams at 42 once you got kids, responsibilities. Maybe you got a wife or some shit right? And now you don't have as much free time. You can't be as free. Just people dependent on you. So you can't take the same amount of risk. But also listen, I don't have as much energy as I have when I was 24. I don't have as much energy at 22 and I do it 42. I'm just behind this with you. Like for example, I got a bad night's sleep last night. I got like three, four hours of sleep. That shit was normal when I was 24. I was like, I would do that shit and they get up and fucking get it popping all day. Right? Today? That's it was like, oh, well, run into the best we can today. Right? Then you just have a different amount of vigor. It's going to be different as you age. Right? And you got more responsibility. So you can't take the same risk you can when you're young. So that's why you can't let fear stop you when you're young. Right? If you give you 20s or 30s, you've got to conquer your fear. And I have a whole video that is showing you that a conquer your fear. Go watch that video right now.