In this video, I want to break down some habits that will help you make more money. If you really implement them and take it to the next up, it will help you get rich. Now, if you fail to develop these habits, if you go your whole life without implementing these habits, then you're probably most likely destined for a life of failure regret and or misery. That's going to lead you down the path of not really marrying the woman you want, but whoever will accept a failure. In my experience, quality, women don't marry failures. You know, I end up with some fat four or five, which may be good for you, right? Then you're going to have some ugly kids because you know, that's how DNA works. And then you go and grow up, you look like, damn you! I look like this! You're going to be like, man, I didn't listen to Brandon Carter that one day when he was breaking it down. I'm sorry. That's a voice that you may be thinking, hey, watch it. I listen to this guy in the tank top. What he know about, Bob? Well, for one over the last few years, I built several multi-eight figure businesses. I've also helped tons of other entrepreneurs start their businesses by coaching them. And one of my watches cost more than your mother fucking house. So the safest thing I know some shit about balling, and here's some habits that will help you in your pursuit of balling. The first habit you got to develop for balling is that you have to learn how to develop a high stress tolerance. Most people right, they're tripping about everything. Everything's a big deal. Muffa gets being traffic. I'm like, their flight is delayed. They start throwing shit to have an attention much like a child. And when I see the people spas and out, it's like, oh, no one there these muffa gets out broke. Because if you're going to make a lot of money, you're going to take on a lot of responsibility. And that responsibility is going to come with a significant amount of stress, a high degree of stress. And everybody's not cut out for, right? And if you can't handle that stress, how you're going to run a big business, how you're going to have employees, right? I have 36 employees right now. I got my own problems in my life. But now all their problems become my problems. I have to deal with all their problems every issue in the business, every issue in my employees life. Plus all the issues in my life, I got to be able to stay cool as a fan. Because I'm the leader as well. Last thing you want is a leader who's spasin. You got to become. You got to be trinky, low. Come, really cool. Like James Bond. I imagine James Bond was freaking out like his spas. He wouldn't watch that movie. I would be like, he wouldn't save the world or give pussy. Here's some things you want to do to increase your stress tolerance so you can take on more stress and then in turn be able to take on more responsibility and be in the position and make more money. One of the things that I do when I'm in a stressful situation is I reframe it. So when I say reframe it, I look at it from a different perspective. I always think, okay, this situation is training me for other stressful situations. It's making me more resilient. And I think about it as if I'm in the gymnasium and I'm lifting weights doing a bicep curl. You got to think about when you lift weights, what happens? The muscle will get stressed out and we work it to the limit and it actually the muscle fibers tear and they grow back stronger. And that's what I think about when I'm in a stressful situation. I think, okay, time for me to practice managing stressful situations. How do you get good at something if you don't practice it? So you need to start embracing these stressful situations because the good thing you have to practice it. If you look at it like practice, I find it a lot more tolerable and a lot more bearable. That's the mental reframe, but there's also biological things you can do to manage stressful. For example, here's a study that shows that regular exercise actually makes people more resilient and it helps them handle stress better. It makes a lot of sense because if you're working out, especially if you're working out with me, you under a lot of stress, you probably thrown up a shit man, crying. Because you were exposed to those stress levels, you'll be able to handle stress better. And the exercise releases endorphins and other neurochemicals that help you manage stress better as well. So make sure you exercise too, but also also you want to make sure you get enough sleep. Here's a study that shows that when people sleep better, they actually handle stress better. Not saying things are less stressful, they're able to handle stressful situations better. And this is important because you can do all the mental stuff or just try to be fucking strong, but if you don't take care of the biological part of things, then you're going to fail. You can't out discipline biology. I don't care how fucking tough you are. You're going to need to get some sleep. How much sleep? I have whole videos on sleep, I'm shit. Finally weird, I got to teach them how to sleep because they fucking baby sleep. In order to get better sleep. There's a few things that I implement. One, I got blackout curtains, right? Make the room super dark. I make the room dark as fresh. You can't have the room looking all my or in a shit. Because you won't get enough sleep because the weight. The weight light. On top of that, I wear a little sleep mask. I wear a little sleep mask. I look like a little sleep superhero with the mask on. And I wear that night to block the light. Any light that may be coming in. I'm going through my eyelids. You know when you close your eyes and you see like red and shit. Right? That's the light penetrating your eyelids. Right? So you want to block that off as much as possible. Here's another tip. I actually learned this from my son when he's a baby. Somebody told me to get a white noise machine and it plays like static. It helped babies go to sleep. But I noticed I started to sleep in better. So now I keep a white noise machine in my bedroom. And I fucking keep another one in my suitcase. And I travel with that shit. You're going to make sure it's white because if you accidentally you want to put a wreaking noise machines, it sounds like. Sounds like a hundred, forty, fifth and Broadway. You want to take it to the next level. I got this contraption called a chili pad. It's like a mattress pad. It goes underneath the mattress cover on top of the mattress. On the side of it is like a little refrigerator. And it like pumps cold water through the shit. You can set the temperature. And I said it so it feels like the cold side of the pillow all night. And on my whole body. That's a good feeling for me. All right. And I noticed that I tracked on my ordering. Not only that I fall asleep faster, get better sleep, but I also get better REM sleep and deep sleep. Another thing you can do in order to manage dress better is to meditate. I've talked about meditation here on the channel at nausea. No, sometimes you guys don't believe it. All right. So here's a study that shows that this tons of studies. I could have picked one of fucking 50 that I meditation lower stress and supports forgiveness of whatever God forgives I don't. But meditation will help with stress levels. And there's a bunch of tons of studies that proved this. I've been meditating for 15 years. I meditate twice a day to 15 minute sessions. 15 or 20 minute sessions. Meditation actually changes your brain. It's actually your brain, right? You're a migdala. This is where your fight or flight responses come from. It shrinks that area of your brain. You're not at your trip in this shit. This is also studies this show. It increases the density of the brain mass in your frontal lobe, your neocortex. The neocortex is the part of the brain that's responsible for logic, language. Human beings have a larger neocortex and other animals. This is why we can create languages, do mathematics, make YouTube videos. We're other animals. They struggle in those endeavors. They find it difficult. No. So a stance the reason if your neocortex is larger, making you more logical for all this has a purpose, you know, make the listering stand on a biological level. You'll be less prone to spas and out. The next habit that help make you rich is to find the one thing. I'm to say what I mean. One time ago, I read a book called The One Thing and it really changed the way I thought about success. So what a lot of people do. They try one thing, they're doing one thing, then they're doing another thing, then they're working on this other thing. Then they're working on this other thing. And this is how you go nowhere fast. Trying to accomplish a bunch of different things in tandem. However, in the book, with the home you said was, you want to think, what is the one thing that if I accomplished it, it would make all my other goals either easier or unnecessary. And focus on that. So instead of spreading yourself thin, if you put the same amount of energy in one thing, you're going to go further in one direction. Instead of going in all these other different directions, to say you go nowhere fast, this is like reverse herary styles. You want to go in one direction. This is something that I had to keep telling myself or it'll over and over again. When I first learned this, I went all in online training. And I started going super hard. I was trying to do a bunch of other stuff. I was at a recording studio. I was doing production for people. I was managing a bunch of shit. And I was doing YouTube videos. And I was training people. I said, you know what's the one thing I'm gonna do? And I said, you know, I'm gonna go all in online training. And I quit doing everything else. I went all in and online training. And I immediately started making more money because my efforts were concentrated. I want you to think about it like kids, get a magnifying glass, and they put it out in the sun, and they can burn ants or some shit. I don't know if that's real. Right? But it's because the rate when the rate is spread out that there's no combustion, but once you consolidate those rays with the magnifying glass, then you get combustion burn. Or a better example of being, I don't know if this is real either. Right? But if you ever see that Asian shit where they lay on a bit of nails, but the reason that doesn't stab these motherfuckers is because it's spread out. It doesn't penetrate. I mean, if he was one nail, they would go through his motherfuckin' heart, concentrate your efforts. When I started online training, I kept doing it. And that became a millionaire instead of trying to do an audience's other shit. So here's what you need to do. You need to find out what's the one thing that you can do, focus on. And then kind of ignore everything else. You can have some other goals, like you can have fitness goals and all that other shit, right? But what are you gonna focus on? What's gonna be your priority? And really ignore everything else. When I see these motherfuckers with 18 businesses, I always know that that person's gonna fail. Without exception, because they're thinking, if I do all this other shit, if I do a bunch of shit, maybe something will work. No, make it. None of that shit will work, man. It's hard, it's competitive out here. 80% of businesses fail. How are you gonna do fucking five of them at once? And succeed. But even as you get successful, you have to avoid the strap. Because I started making millions, and I said, oh man, I can start another business. So I started a keto meal prep coming. I had a supplement company. I had a bunch of other businesses on top of trying to be all crazy, tons of girls, be an international playboy, making fucking content, doing a bunch of shit, doing too much. And I ended up in this same trap. And then I actually talked to Alex Hermosa, he said, man, yo, I just did one thing. He just did gym launch, and that made him super successful. But I remember, I remember the conversation vividly. I was on a phone with Alex, this is before he became famous. He was just rich, not famous. And he was like, he said, how much money you make last year? I was like, I made about two million, somewhere around two million, two.5 million between all the businesses. I'm thinking pretty good. And he's like, yeah, I made like 30 million dollars last year. Just gym launch? He's like, yeah, I was like fuck. He said, yeah, man, you look like you're spreading yourself in. So I immediately shut down all the other businesses and just went on my business where I teach people how to grow. They're all my fitness business. I had to get trainer. And my income triple. It was the same amount of work but it was all in the same direction. Instead of the reverse hairy style shit, I was doing before. Here's the irony of that shit, that conversation. This is why I say it's some you always got a guard against. Because the reason Alex and I were talking, we've working on doing some shit to help him promote. These two are the businesses you've started. You later say that that was a mistake. It's something we always gonna have to keep reminding yourself. Stay focused. Figure out what the one thing is and don't let you distract. Now if I have other businesses, it's not business. It's just I put money in them, but I don't work on them. I work on one business, everything else. I'll put money in it. And I'm more of an investor in those business. Kind of like buying a stock or some shit. And it's certain you will. The next one is going to be something called avoiding decision fatigue. Decision fatigue is something that happens. Where the more decisions someone has to make, the quality of the decision starts to degrade over time. And there's a lot of precedence for this. There's a lot of studies to show this. So there's a study that it showed motherfucking judges than shit. So at the beginning of the day, they would have more people on parole. These were progences. They would have more people on parole after they had to make more decisions. They gave less people parole. Until they had a break, then they had a break, and then they would start over. The first month, I got to the break man. He's going home for the last month, but before they break, and he goes 10 more years. And it happens like that, because it's decision fatigue. Basically, the more decisions you have to make, the quality of those decisions start to degrade. You want to avoid decision fatigue at all costs. But just so you know, it's for real, I'm about to show you a study. Basically, then study ahead of these people make a bunch of decisions. They were testing them as a study went along. And they noticed that the more decisions they had to make, it led to more fatigue, less control, less physical stamina, and reduced persistence in the face of challenges. Making choices and pairs, subsequent self-control. Basically, you can read this shit on your own time. They're all right. But, but it's another study. It shows the certainty, the plea to will pal, making it harder for individuals to resist temptation or stick to goals, making choices and pairs self-control. So basically, your decision making to be the impacts your will pal, or will pal is a finite resource. This is why a lot of successful people wear the same shit every day or eat the same shit every day, because they want to limit the decisions so they only have to focus on the important decisions. Because the more decisions you make, the quality of those decisions with the grade, how do you combat this? A few things you can do, try to have more routines, things you just know what you're gonna do in the morning. So for example, if you're gonna work out in the morning, lay out your clothes the night before, you're working out clothes in that before, have everything breaking night before. So you don't have to make decisions so you wake up, you just get up and go. A lot of people wear the same stuff every day. I'm gonna be honest with you. If I'm going out, of course, I'm a flex on, you're gonna floss. But if I'm just in the crib or around the area, I literally just grab a fucking tank top out the drawer and he's lood loodling him in pants and he's black air force once, and that's like my uniform every day, because I don't wanna have to think about it. Like my breakfast, I already know what it is. I'm gonna start the day off with some sardines and then my girls gonna cook me eight eggs in six bacons every morning. And then my day has a schedule. All right, so if you look, so I showed my calendar in the past, I decided how I'm gonna run my day way before, maybe a week before. So now I just go out and I'm executing. And I don't have to make decisions on small things. So I can save my decision making ability on the large things. Because to make a lot of money, especially if you had the responsibility that we talked about earlier, you're gonna be the one making a lot of decisions. So I'm gonna be on you. And if you've wasted your decision making ability, like the study show, right? The more decisions you make, the quality of those decisions started to grade over time. So if you've fucking squandered your decision making on what you're gonna wear today and what you're gonna eat, not another shit, you're gonna make worse decisions on your partnership because you wasted your decision making on the bullshit. Some people may say, does the same thing every day get tired? Yeah, if you're a woman, and the reason I say that, because seriously, I've been a personal trainer for 25 years. Most guys typically don't have a problem in the same thing over and over again. It may not be their favorite thing in the world. They typically have a problem with it. Women on average, in my experience, in my experience. Women like variety more. This is why your girl got 30 purses in 50 pairs of shoes to shit. And I wear the same black air force ones every day. Guys, typically don't have a problem with that shit. The next habit that will help you make a whole bunch of money is to actually don't focus on passion, focus on developing skills. Because what happens is, people chase their passion or they want to try to find their passion or find their purpose. Getting that's supposed to find it. It's supposed to create it. Anything that someone gets good at, they end up being passionate about. Literally anything. Those of you who've ever played an instrument, you know, if you learn a song, and you get good at playing that song, you want to play that song all the time. But when you have to learn a new song, is it as fun to play? No, sucks, because you're not good at it. People like doing things they're good at. So if you get good at something, you'll love it. And you can love accounting if you get good at it. Video editing is fucking boring. Everyone in this room probably likes it, because all three of us had some skill in it. They're better to meet, right? These guys, these guys. And the guys who are editing my videos, they're the best. No one's better. But I used to hate to shit at first. It was like fucking tedious until I started getting good at it. And then I started to enjoy it. It's like that with everything. So you want to focus on developing skills, developing the skills that make you money. And if you get good at those things, then you'll start to like it, where everyone else would think it's boring. I have a whole video on acquiring skills, and I'll break down something called the skill acquisition matrix. And if you follow the advice in that video, you'll be able to learn skills and master them in record time. And that way you'll start to love these things. Almost anything you can learn to love, then be passionate about if you get good at it. And this video will show you how to get good at anything fast. Go watch that now.