Here are 40 things I wish I knew when I was in my 20s. First one, stop trying to figure out what you can get away with and start seeing how much you can push yourself. I learned this when I was in a different country industry in my early 20s. In this industry, a lot of my colleagues and or competition, they were selling a product that they would get from Miami. I was in New York at the time, and when they would get this product, what they would do is they would dilute it, make it less potent in order to stretch it out. And they were kind of just cheating, looking for shortcuts. When they would distribute it to the consumers, it was less potent. It gave them a bad reputation. What I did instead was I went straight to Miami to the source. The reason this was happening is because people were getting it from other people in Miami. They were the middle man, so they were getting it for higher price. Because they didn't want to go all the way down in Miami themselves. Because there was a lot of risk involved in it. You had to have more money to get it from that from the source. It was more difficult and arduous. But for me, I thought, man, I could just try to get away with selling it and infuriate your product like the rest of my competition. Or I can just go to Miami and go get it. I took the plane in Miami and the gray-ound bus back to New York. Now I had the most potent product amongst my competitors. Instead of diluting it, I just charged more. And this allowed me make a lot of more money than my competitors. What's the lesson here? I wasn't necessarily better than him. I just had a better product because I was willing to do more than they were willing to do to accomplish their goals. As it relates to other goals and life, people ask me, what's the easiest way to get a shape? Or do I have to count calories to lose fat? That way I would make the most amount of money in the least amount of time. And the problem is they're looking to see what they can get away and say how far they can push themselves. If you're willing to push yourself, more than everyone else, you can accomplish more than everyone else. Because life is causing effect. And the more extreme you are willing to be, the more extreme results you can get. Next lesson is long-term thinkers always win. So when I was in that other profession, one thing I realized was, a lot of people around me were dying and getting to send the prison. And it really hit me when one of my friends SV, he got set to life in prison, a double homicide. He killed those people. He definitely needed his ability. That's why I don't go around saying free SV because he definitely did it. 100%. Mother Boy Esco, he was murdered by some rivals. And then my father, Luis brings out. One thing I noticed about all three of those circumstances is they were all thinking short-term. And I was at the time too. And that's when I said, you know what, fuck, I got to start thinking long-term. When you start thinking long-term, you make better decisions. Because to check this out, the things that are bad for you in the short-term are typically good for us on the long-term. Even healthy today, you may not enjoy it as much as eating some candies and cakes right now. Even healthy in the short-term, if we do that for a long time, it'll be good for us on the long-term. Studying today may not be the same as going to the amusement park getting high and drunk. It may not be as fun, right? You may have to miss out on getting high and drunk, right? Because you study, you're working on something, but it's good for you long-term. The contrary is true as well. Typically, that we enjoy in the short-term are bad for us long-term. The most delicious food can't be cake sugar, process food, you know, the readles that have been engineered to be tasted in regular food. They're good for a short-term, we love short-term, but long-term they're bad for us. Not studying, not reading, not working hard, being diligent, party, and emotion. It may be fun and short-term is bad for us long-term. But what we don't understand is all things are like that. So the more we can expand our time horizon, typically the better decisions we make. If we make all our decisions based off, how will I feel about this decision 10 years from now, you'll be doing all types of shit different than you do currently. But the problem is most young people, and I was guilty of this as well, right? I was guilty of thinking short-term, most young people do this because they haven't been alive that long. If you're only 20 years old, you think about five years from now. That thing five years is 25% of your entire life. It's probably 50% of the life you're cognizant of, because you don't remember a whole lot of shit before they defy, but it's a significant part of your life, right? Because you haven't been alive that long. More you can think long-term to better decision make. When I saw this happening, people around me, I thought, okay, what do I want long-term? And I said, okay, I need to switch into a different kind of industry and push is safer. And that's when I switched online training. And I said, I'm just gonna do this. And it was bad for me short-term, man, because I wasn't like saving money, because remember I was thinking short-term. So I didn't have much of money saves or none like that. I had to start from the bottom, and I had to start working hard. I went from living the lifestyle that pushed your team and wrap about having a job, taking orders from my fucking right? And that was bad for me short-term, but long-term, I knew what I was working towards. As you can see, it worked out. Had a state on that path, we know where that shit ends. The next thing I wish I knew when I was 20, displaying competence is the only way to get support from other people. So I get a lot of messages and people who say, man, my family doesn't support me or my friends don't support me or my girl doesn't support me. Nobody believes in me. Here's the thing, if they don't believe you can do something, it's for a reason. And that reason is you have not displayed competence in that field. Yeah, it doesn't mean you can't do it, but they don't have any reason to believe that that's something you can do. Especially if they haven't seen anyone else do it in their circle. The way they're acting towards you is totally rational. And it's okay. You need to make peace with that. So use the bother me if I had ambitions or when I was working with somebody supporting me. Initially it was like, ah, you know, I felt the same way. I think I just realized that there's no reason for them to believe. It means I haven't displayed competence in this. If I had a track record of doing this shit, I would say I wanted to do, then it would have made perfect sense. It would have been stupid, not to believe in me. Instead of being mad at your family or your friends who don't support you or don't believe in you, just understand it's just human nature. Then never seeing you do this shit before. You ain't dated before. It's just an idea, but you gotta remember God gave you that vision. He didn't give it to everyone else. It's your job to fulfill it. Now once you start displaying competence, then you'll have confidence in you. It was gonna happen because I stopped talking about what I was gonna do. Like I didn't tell nobody, what I was planning on. Because I rated Malcolm X's autobiography. He said, if it don't tell people your goals because if you fail or change your mind, nobody knows. And I thought that was dope. We also said it's more impressive. It just seems like it happened. So I'm working on this thing and I'm keeping that in mind. I didn't tell people, but I did, you know, I'm posting YouTube videos. I'm doing shit. They seem me grinding. Nobody's showing the whole bunch of love. Nobody's supporting me the way I would have hoped. And it bothered me a little bit, right? Especially when I started getting some success. And I had fans who were bigger supporters than my friends and family. But you know, it's difficult to be profiting your own land. It's okay. If you keep going, you get so much success that if your success becomes like there's a gravitational pool. But it's got to be big enough. Like the way gravity works, right? It's got to be a large enough mass to start bringing people in. Once the success was big enough, where it couldn't be ignored, then people say, yo man, yo, how can I get involved with what you doing? The only whiteboard brand was like, yo, man, I want to work with you. How can I be involved like shit, man? Yeah, and these some help, those girls get it. And we started doing these still works with me now. That's what happens, right? The biggest success, the more gravitational pool you have. The next lesson, the more you sweat during peace, the less you bleed during war. For example, I remember I had a friend. And he came to a lot of money, super fast. This is my early early 20s. And instead of taking that money, double in down on it, investing in somewhere, he said, fuck it. He went straight to the Louis store with the Gucci store. He fucking bought a bunch of drugs. He went into like a fucking hotel, sweet called a bunch of escorts over. Man, this motherfucker was living crazy for like a week. And he's been all the money. The thing is he thought that money would keep coming from his endeavor, right? But the thing he was doing, other people saw the success and didn't feel got crowded, and he wasn't successful anymore. Here's the thing, once things get easier, that's what we need to start going harder. That's what you need to start focusing and working even harder. Because nobody's life is gonna be an unbroken boulevard of green lights, right? You're next tragedies around the corner. So when things are good or where things are easy, what you wanna do is work even harder and get ready for the bullshit. Because some bullshit's gonna happen. Whether it's economic crisis, I've lived through several economic crisis, a fucking pandemic. Natural disasters. I lived through a lot of natural disasters. Hurricane Sandy came through a fucked up New York and I was there. People in your family are gonna die. Friends are gonna die. Your media family, your friends, they may need your help. It needs to be ready for all of that. You can't inspect names that just fucking run smooth. Because it's almost never works like that. If you get a pocket where everything is going right, that's what you need to go fucking super hard. You make it, get as much money as possible. Be a much more resources and a much more defences as possible. It is not time to start a goal, go on vacation and join life all that bullshit. Because the next fucking tragedy is around the corner. Your life is gonna be a series of tragedies. Everyone who knows what I'm gonna die. There's gonna be more natural disasters. Have this all the time. There's a economic recession every 10 years on average. Your business may be going well, but things can change. I know some guys say we're making a lot of money with search engine optimization and linking it to affiliate stuff. And then Google overnight changed their algorithm. Fuck, don't talk about a business. It might my jeweler. He ain't doing nothing wrong, but Russia decided to invade Ukraine. It's difficult for them to get in time is now. So business slows down because he just can't get inventory. He was asking me if he could buy some diamonds to sell to me off me so he could sell them for higher prices. That's not what it is for. She happens. It's some shit is going happen at some point. And the better you are insulated, more you prepare for it, the less it would affect you in a negative way. The more you sweat during peace, the less you bleed during war. The next thing, protecting the downside is more important than focusing on the upside, for example. It was about four or five years ago. Crypto was going crazy. The stock market was going crazy. And it was this new thing out that everybody was super excited about. They were called NFTs. Nine, fungiable tokens. You all remember NFTs? My focus was just paying $1,000. Sometimes millions of dollars for cartoons, you shit. And they know it was a scam. Everybody's making money off NFTs. I knew a lot of people, a lot of influencers, who put out NFTs. And it solded to their audience to make money. And they made a lot of money. What do you think have been to the valuables NFTs? They're all, they're worth almost zero now. Basically, these motherfuckers ripped off their audience. And many of them really fucked up their reputations. And a lot of the influencers didn't know, though, listen, I've been famous for it all the time. Right, relatively famous, like a checklist celebrity. You know how many people came to me, saying, let's do an NFT project. You can make this amount of money. And it was attractive amount of money. But I thought, man, this shit looks like a scam to me. I don't know, it may be legit, but it looks a lot like a scam to me. And I think the downside of ripping off my audience, fucking of my reputation is not worth the potential upside of a few extra million dollars. And you got to think about that, because we're what I'd be now if I did that shit. And then you see it all the time, like right now. Every time crypto starts pumping, so does a new scam goes alongside it. Right now is a meme coins. So we see people doing rug pools on the fucking main coins. For example, Rick Ross, he put out the boss coin and he's something about boss coin, boss coin, boss coin. Soon as that shit went up to be worth that, like, you know, a lot of money. He just rug pulled it and took all the boss coins shit off his social media. I ain't got no beef with Rick Ross, you know. He watches my videos. He'd be left a comment on my Instagram posts. Would you buy some shit from Rick Ross now? Knowing that, I would. I mean, you can look at the blockchain. He made like a million dollars, but it was like straight scam. That's fucked up. Artisania came out with this own meme coin, rug pool, the whole country. Do you think that's helping out there, they got to meet? Right, you gotta protect it down side. And this is just everything. So anytime I have the decision, I wanna make it on the ticket risk. Just a criteria, I put it through. What's the worst that could happen? And I don't try to make it feel good. Then I say, okay, that's the worst that can happen. Can I handle it? If I can't handle it, then I probably just do it. If I can't handle it, then I don't do it. The next one is, people will always act in their own self interest. Everybody's gonna act in their own self interest. And all you have to do to get anything you want is align other people's self interest with yours. That's all you have to do. Right, so instead of looking at it in a realistic way, like I want everybody selfish, I'm like, hmm, everybody selfish. So all I gotta do is give them what they want and I'll get whatever I want. It depends on how you look at it. But this is true, even your fucking dog, if you don't feed that dog, it's on the runaway, you get some food. And you should not be surprised. And in fact, you need to work with it. And sometimes it's a wake-up call. I remember a long time ago, this is girl, like, the day we suppose to hang out, she's like, oh, my mom want me to help her where we do some my can't come. So she flaked on me. And I was like, hey, no problem. It happens, right? It happens to the best of it. Even me, I know some guys are shocked, yeah. And I thought, you know what, that's true or not, moms do be need and shit sometimes. But wither that was true or not, it didn't matter. Because if I was Drake, she would have said, look, my, you want to have to figure this shit out on your own. I got fucking Drake waiting on me. Straight up. And her mom would have been like, yeah, this shit ain't that urgent, where you need to be standing up Drake girl, you need to get us out the fucking hood. Go ahead, it would have been in her best self-inches. And so I just let that out, I just got stuck in my game up. I got to build myself up to the point, where women will flake on their mothers for me, instead of flaking on me for their mothers. That's a different level. But that level exists. Prime Drake bitches would flake on their mother for, for Prime Drake bitches would punch them in the mouth for Prime Drake. So I was like, okay, I just got to step my game up. If people don't support you or you're not getting customers or you're not doing this or things aren't working for you, how do you make yourself better? So I'm saying people's best interests to fuck with you. Oh, I want to network with people. How could you build yourself up or your product or service or whatever you have to offer? How can you build it up to the point where it's in their best interest to work with you? Right? And network with you. If you want to be in an actual playboy, you want to have sex with a bunch of women all the time, every day. I'm not making no judgment. How do you build yourself up so as to your best self-interest for women to want to participate in that? What did they eat really? If you want to have a million subscribers, right? You want to have a million followers. First thing I always ask them is, why should people follow you? They always snump. They can never answer that question. And I'm like, oh, until you answer that question, you're not going to be able to get the followers. If you can't even think of a reason why these motherfuckers have followed you, are you thinking they're going to figure it out on their own? Now, everyone is always going to act into their own self-interest. And all you have to do to get whatever you want is to align yourself interest. The next thing I wish I learned in my 20s, there is no amount of money that you cannot fuck up. I remember when I made my first million. I don't remember the exact age when I knew it was my early 30s. I made a million dollars that year, revenue. But I looked at my own personal account and I did not have a million dollars in it, right? Because I didn't understand. Making money and managing money are two different skillsets. And that's when I put in place, a strategy called NBA Accounting. I talked about in other videos, but I started just really taking inventory of every dollar I spent. I used something called Mint.com at the time. Now you used something called Monarch because Mint doesn't work anymore. But I track every dollar I make categorized words coming from, I keep meticulous track of my finances. You know, those are those coaches other entrepreneurs. You know, I had helped to make a million dollars. But he had so much money. And I'm kicking the wooden business. Man, I'm rich now too. Oh, you'd always talk about how he's rich. Now I'm rich. Then he hit me up. He sent me a bank statement. A screenshot he had a thousand dollars. I like what the fuck happened, right? And so I told him to come to my crib. I said, you've been using Mint.com. He's like, nah, yeah, I told you to do it. Like, yeah, I didn't ever do it. I made them sit down. I made them hook up all of the accounts to Mint.com. And it can show its old transactions, right? They can go back 90 days. And we set and categorized every transaction. And we saw how much money he was blowing on bullshit. He blew that million dollars. It wasn't even like, it wasn't profitable. His business was profitable. His lifestyle wasn't. He blew that shit. And he was shocked to see how much money he spent on girls, how much money he lost gambling, how much money he spent on flights, how much money he spent on designer shit. It was like, oh man, there's no amount of money you can't fuck up. My Tyson throughout his box of career made over $300 million. He still went bankrupt. I know a chick that he was fucking when he went bankrupt. He ended up living with her and her mom's house. And why is he didn't hate? He's the mother fucking hood after you blew out that money. He's back on the speed now, right? You know, cause podcast. It shit, you know, Biden, Jake Paul and the city. He's back on the speed now. There is no amount of money you can't fuck up, right? So the key is track your spending meticulously. Track your money gets serious about it. Learn accounting because you can fuck up that money, bro. The next lesson was come from warm buff. You will become like the people you were around. Whether you will become like the people you were around, whether you want to win that. You have an involuntary effect. You've already done it. You probably have a similar accent to the people who are in your hometown, home country. You probably have similar religion to the people you grew up around. You probably like a lot of similar foods. Human beings, we assimilate involuntary to the people around. And there's a lot of studies to show that. So there's one study to show. If one of your friends becomes obese, then you have a 40% chance of becoming obese. But here's a crazy part. If a friend of one of your friends, a third month of fucking Detroit even knows, if he becomes obese, now you have a 20% chance of becoming obese. You don't even know that I'm a fucking, let's say that person, a friend of a friend, we're talking four levels deep. You don't that person, study show that you have a 10% chance of becoming obese. I'm a fucking, you don't even know because he got fat. You don't even know his homie. So study showed it one of the best predictors of wealth of income is how much people's friends make. So super important man, you're going to ride with the winners and you're going to lay with the losers. If your friends are here, fukking up, acting crazy, have a lot of trouble, you know, getting in trouble at some time, you probably got to do this association yourself for them. Unless they ask you for your help, of course if someone asks you for your help and they're a friend or family member, then you can be there for them. But if they're not asking for your help and they are, fukking up, you got to disassociate yourself, right? One of the 40-alars powers is a void unhappy and unlucky, right? He's talking about his contagious, man. But the opposite is true too. And you know it is, right? You have you ever been around, somebody was happy. You become more happy, right? If a fukking happy kid runs in a room, everybody seems to light up or a puppy runs in a room, people light up. But you've also been in a room where everything's cool and somebody comes in with the motherfukking stank face, all mean and angry changes the whole energy in a room. That's just happening on a small level just the room. Imagine prolonged exposure to that shit. What does it do to you? Stay away from unhappy and unlucky. So number nine, over confidence is more dangerous than self doubt. So I remember a story, you know initially when I first started public speaking, I wasn't really nervous like everyone else. And the reason I wasn't nervous is because I used to do rap battles. Like eight miles style rap battles when I was in college like all up and down, the East Coast. My multiple times a week, me and my boys we would drive around anywhere where there was a rap battle or open mic we go there and we battle. It wasn't like the way they do rap battles now if you watch, like some of those battles now, back in the day they put on a beat and you had to do it like eight miles. You had to freestyle off the head, making fun of this person. That was so much easier than just talking. So I had the utmost confidence when I started public speaking because shit doesn't have to rhyme. Nobody's making fun of me at the same time. I don't have to be on beat. I could just talk. This is simple. And my first few speeches I was just crushing it, killing it. And then I had this one speech where I had to, um, it was a different kind of audience. And I didn't imprep because I had been, I had so much overconfidence from killing all the speeches and the totally bomb man. I, if it wasn't such a nice crowd, I would have got boot off the stage. Right. Because I didn't prepare it all. That just so me the danger of overconfidence. In my lifetime, overconfidence has damaged me more than fear. Now I just over prepare for anything. That stops the really bad things from happening. Because you can stumble, you can have a said back, but it doesn't have to be as bad if you take precautions. So be confident, never overconfident, never think you should don't stay, never think you too good to prepare. When they talk about Steph Curry practice, he practices almost more than everyone else on the team. And that's why he's one of the best basketball players of all the time. Next thing I wish I knew when I was 20, was if you're not tracking, you're slacking. I had started working out when I was 16 and I made some progress. You know, you make your new gains your first few years. But then I started to hit a plateau when I was in college. But I wasn't tracking my calories. I wasn't tracking my workouts. I was just going into gym, working out, eating anything like you motherfuckers. And I was wondering why I wasn't making progress. And then an OG trainer, he told me, you know, you got to track everything. You got to track all your calories. You got to track everything. Just try it for a few months. I bet you'll get more progress. And then it'll first you months. I made more progress in it than I had made the prior year. Just because you're not tracking me as slacking. So I've been tracking my calories and every workout I do for like 20 years. That's why I'm in better shape than all these motherfuckers. Man who are talking shit about me, right? Because they don't do the thing, right? If you start tracking your calories, all your fitness goals will be easier to accomplish every fitness problem you have will miraculously go away. The moment you start tracking everything. But it's not just a fitness, right? I took that to every year in my life. In my business, we track all our KPIs, we track the conversion race, we track hits to the website, we track everything. We measure our progress based off the data. So now we can make data driven decisions, same thing which your fitness goals, right? Same thing, but any goals you have, you're not tracking your slack. You've got to track everything. And if you track everything, not only your performance improved because now you're keeping yourself accountable, you can make decisions and change this based off data instead of just gut feelings or some bullshit like that. You want to learn more about that. I got a free habit tracker called the Victory Vision Planner. Show you how to track your goals and anything else you want to track and you like your macros, your calories, how many calories you burn your day. Business goals, your life goals. You can really track everything in your life with this planner. You can download it for free. It's a notion template and it's a video attached to it that shows you how to use it. All right, the link is in the description. The next thing I wish I knew when I was 20 is the answer is always less. A lot of times when we're trying to accomplish something that we think we need to start adding to the progress. We need to start doing more and more and more. But typically what we need to do is take things away and focus. So our effort is some more potent. All right, our memory in 2019, I had several different businesses. You know, I had a keto meal prep company in New York. I had a sublimit line. I was managing the businesses of a bunch of different influencers. I had my high ticket training business where I teach trainers have to start their own life business business. And I still doing my online personal training. And all these different businesses at the time. And I thought I was doing pretty good because I was making like a few million dollars a year. But then I actually had a discussion with Alex Hermosie once our memory was on. It was on New Year's day. This dude was working on New Year's day. We got on a call to talk about some business we wanted to do together. He was like, how much money you make last year? I was like, I made about $2.5 million dollars. You know, I'm thinking it's pretty good. Kid from Chicago, South South, I thought that was pretty good. He said, yeah, I made $30 million last year. And I feel like a fucking bitch. And he did all that well, one business. So I immediately took that. And I went and I shut down the other businesses. And I just focused on one main business, one main income stream. I mean, I still had investment stuff, but those were more passive. One earned income stream. And I immediately double my income the following year. The answer is always, let's you don't need to ask if you need to take stuff away. Simplify your life as much as possible. All you guys trying to have, you know, whole roster of chicks. Man, you know, the shit is fucking of your mental bandwidth. Because now you got to do all this bullshit. You have too many hobbies, too many business ideas. Most of you guys aren't doing all these different businesses because you're so ambitious. They're doing them because you don't know which one is going to work in your hedge in your bets. It's a sign that you lack confidence. If you believe in one of them, you would just do that one. You wouldn't start 18 different businesses. Focus on one, go all in. Everything is hypothetical until you apply it to your own life. A lot of times we hear all these rules or maybe we even read studies showing that this rep range works or this food works for you or this eating this amount of food is going to help you get the most of the most muscle accomplished you go. You better remember this individual variance and we're all little bit different. Some people die if they eat a peanut. So when you read these studies, I'm not saying they're invalid. They never say 100% of the people in the study accomplish this thing. They just said the percentages. They say, okay, most people in the study had this or they give you the average. But not everybody in that study has success. Some people had adverse effects. So all the study can do is tell you what's most likely to happen to you and help you make an educated guess. That's still hypothetical until you apply it to your own life. That goes for fitness, nutrition and it goes for actual all business. A lot of times people say bullshit for example, people who's always having a brand, you got to be more professional. You got to stop cursing. It makes sense and it's probably statistically right. But I know for me, my fans appreciate the wrongness and the relatability. So I'll curse and say all types of crazy shit. And I make more money because now I stand out amongst everybody who's trying to be professional in the shit. And I will work for you. Everything is actually hypothetical until you apply it to your own life. Mark is the earliest one said, everything we hear is opinion not fat. Everything we see is perspective, not troops. You should hear what works. You should breathe the studies. It gives you a good educated guess until you apply it to your own life, you don't know if it's going to work. The next thing I wish I knew when I was younger was volume was solve most problems. For example, every time I'm coaching a sales person and they say, oh man, I'm not making enough money. And I look at their clothes, right? Their clothes rates are not great. Maybe it's fine, but it's not great. I say, you need to get better at sales, man. And how do you get better sales? You need more reps. So you need to do more lead gen, double your amount of sales costs than everyone else. And if you do that, you'll get better faster. Because the way you get good at anything is actually doing it more. It's getting reps. Before you can talk about that, you'll make more money just by taking more calls. Even if your clothes rates say the same. If you double the amount of calls you say, you'll double your income with the same clothes rate. But it'll be more than double because you're going to get better. You're going to get better with each rep. And you'll get better faster because you're getting more repetitions. All right, more chances at bet. All right. So you're clothes rate to go up and you're taking more calls. A lot of people, they always say, work smarter than that harder. Instead of focusing on efficiency, we need to focus on maximum output. If you work harder, you'll get better faster. The more volume was solved, the more every problem. Just do more. You want to get bigger. You probably need to eat more. You probably need to lift more. You want to lose weight. You probably need to die harder. Do more cardio. The next thing I wish I knew in my 20s, developing skills is the best insurance. For example, my dad told me when I was younger, he was really good at sales. He told me if you learned sales, you'll never be broke. And I took that. And I got really good at sales. And I remember once, I was in a jam. You know, a few years ago, I just didn't pay my taxes when a few years in a row. I was like, you know what? That's a problem for future branding. And then future branding had to deal with it. Now I was the kid knocking for that money. I was like, how did I get this money? Well, one thing I'm really good at is sales. So I just filled my calendar with sales calls. And I got the money paid off Uncle Sam stayed out of prison. Simple. Right. And I just feel like because I developed my skillset both when sales and marketing, if shit really hit the fancy when haywire all my businesses fill a part of the start from nowhere, I got enough skills to just start selling for someone. Anyone. And I started building them a war chest and I'll be back to where I'm at in a few years. Skills is the best insurance. Next thing I wish I knew in my 20s is the big one. Don't get too high off the high. This goes hand-to-hand with the overcompanies. I see it all the time. Things are going great. People, they start living the high life. It feels like it's never going in. They start increasing their living expenses. They might get a bigger house, more cars, start spending money instead of saving and investing. Then next thing you know, when there is a downturn, there are two overlabbers. Well, folks start selling the cars, downsides in the crib, putting the kids in public school. Because they got too high off the eyes. So when you get successful, it's super important. It's to not increase your standard of living. So if you saw me over the last few years, I didn't start really like balling and flexing. And it took me like five years ago. But before that, I was making millions, but I was still living in New York. You know, keeping my living standards relatively low. I wasn't buying Richard Meals back then. You know, I was still putting money aside and investing. Then when the money from the investments started pay me passively, that's when I started balling. Right? My Richard Meals was made passive income from my investments. All my watches, all my luxuries are paid for for income from my investments. Because you never want to feel like, you know, sick and going in. Like a stinking change overnight. And you want to be ready for the next emergencies around the corner. You got to be prepared for the next thing I wish I knew when I was 20 is there is the time when it's okay to quit. All right. People say never quit, never give up. I disagree. Sometimes it's good to quit. So for example, a lot of y'all know that I used to be signed a Sony records as a rapper. I was like a sign as a rapper and producer. They signed me in 2004, like, right out the college. A lot of it was because all the performance I did all the way up and down the east coast and shit. I got dropped when they merged with BMG and I held on to that dream for Mad Long. You know, I had a studio on Queen's and one point and I was working with, like, local artists and trying to do shit, trying to make it as a producer. And a few times I thought I had a break. I remember Chris Brown recorded a bunch of songs over some of my beats. Then he beat up Rihanna. They started over with his album and I didn't make the second out the next album. And I kept trying that path for Mad Long. I probably used to quit earlier. I would have got Richard faster. Because I kept going up against roadblocks with the music. But the fitness always came relatively easy. Like making money in the fitness industry. And I started online training thinking, oh, man, I'll just do this to support my music career. And it worked, right? And I have to get a job for a minute and I was still trying to produce a new music. And then one day I just said, man, the online training shit is making money. Why don't I just focus on that? Fuck this music shit. And when they had to make that decision, shut down the studio, into my lease and I went all in online training. Boom. I really started making tons of money and built that in a very relatively short period of time into a seven figure business where it's like music hadn't really made me any money. Had I fucking quit earlier, I think I'd richer faster. And I'd be way richer now. Sometimes I'm not telling you when it's the good time to quit. Because I don't know, you want to make the decision. If you have an opportunity in front of you that's really working and the fucking universe is telling you man, do this, do this. Not this. Maybe you should do it. You know? So I knew when I was 20 is don't fake it to you make it. Do it to you prove it. So a lot of people get that advice. You'll fake it to you make it. I'm not gonna tell you to make affirmations and talk to yourself in a mirror like a psycho or some shit. Like you guys get to franny. And I'm not saying it's nothing wrong with that, but you can't bullshit yourself. But one of my followers give me a statement. Man, my affirmations. It feels like a lie. I'm like, because it is a lie bro, you can't bullshit yourself. And now, however, if you start acting in accordance with the person you want to be, you start actually behaving like the man you're pretending to be instead of just pretending, then you'll start to really believe it. But soccer D said you are what you repeatedly do. So instead of faking it to you make it, do it to you prove it. Thought really being, it started living that shit. All right, instead of saying, oh man, I'm successful. I'm successful. Why don't you just start doing the things that successful people do. Imagine a version of yourself who will accomplish all your goals. Write down his habits. Write down what his day looks like. Write down how much he's time he spends. Call the duty we smoke in sessions. Write down how he behaves. And then call this your list of great. And you look at that every morning. And every time you start behaving in accordance with what's on your list of great, you'll start to believe in yourself more. And you'll start to like yourself more. And you have more confidence. So a lot of times people lack confidence because they haven't given himself a reason to be confident. But when you start acting in accordance with your list of great, bro, you're actually going to start to like yourself more. And you'll have confidence this real, not a fake bravado that you're trying to put on. You'll really believe the next thing I wish I knew in my 20s is the pression is a luxury. If you look at Maslow's hierarchy of needs, first, your physiological needs, then you need safety needs, then you need love and be belonging. This is where it starts getting emotional after you have like safety and biology. If you are here, this is the only place you can really be depressed. If you're not safe, you can't even worry about being depressed. If you don't, if you can't eat food, you're more worried about survival. The fact that you are depressed, the cause that you are actually in a privileged position. And I'm not trying to minimize any depression. You're dealing with a serious issue. Those of you know that I was diagnosed with bipolar 2 depression. bipolar 2, that's the new shit. I'm a fuck still got that old depression man. I got the brand new shit anyway. It's something I struggle with. I remember when my father killed himself, I was in danger. Like I had to support myself, my family and everybody. I didn't have time to be depressed. I feel like, oh, did you mourn it? Man, I got time to mourn. I got to get this money. I got to get my mom out to hood. I got to fuck in, raise myself up, right? And I didn't start feeling depressed until I had my shit together, right? So depression is a luxury. I want you to reframe your depression. If you have depression or sadness, this is what I do. I realize that the fact that you can even feel depression means that you're in a good place. And you can reframe it. Focus on the things that you do have man. Luckily, I got in the food shelter, clean water to even be depressed. Because if I didn't have that shit, I wouldn't be thinking about my emotions. You know, I'm the happy thing of my biological needs, right? And just that will make you feel a little better because you reframe it. And then you want to just focus on action. Like action is the main thing that gets me out of depression every time I'm in one. You know, sometimes I still go through depression to the price of episodes. And I do my best to work as much as possible. Work through them. And then I work my way out of them. I don't need to go on betterheels.com or in any of these fancy shit to be sponsored in podcasts. I'll take some money if you move as I listen. But the truth is, man, I just, I just work, man. And I get into action. I start acting like I'm in survival mode. And that way it changes my focus. And the next thing I wish I knew when I was in my 20s is there are multiple metrics to gauge success. Meaning, I had a mentor back in the day. His name was Kevin Hodo. He was the man, probably one of the best Facebook ads buyers. I already knew Facebook ads, but he helped me get like really good at it. He had a ton of money, great family. He was living great. He, in fact, he was so good. You know, he used to run the ads for Alex Hermos. He used Jim launch business to business to really made him first money. Kevin was running the ads. And Kevin taught me how to run ads. Kevin was almost like a father figure to me. He was the older dude. And it's just someone who, man, had a lot of love for Kevin. He always showed me love. And you know, I paid, he was my mentor. I paid him to be one of my mentors, right? But he definitely helped me out a lot and showed me a lot of things. And yeah, everything going from Kevin was fat. And when COVID came, COVID lost fat people. And he fucking passed away, man. I was so hooked up. So it was like money is not the only way to measure success. Kevin had millions of dollars, but his health was fucked up. So it didn't really matter, right? Because he's not here to enjoy that shit anymore. You know what I'm saying? And he left like pretty young children. He ran high school college age. You know, love is a wife, man. And it's like damn, I just wish he would have had his shit together, right? But the some else he told me, Kevin and I had a mutual friend and Kevin worked for him. I'm Kevin, the ran his ass. He ran his ass for a lot of people. This guy was making so much more money. And I was like, damn, he's making so much money. And Kevin probably felt almost like an NBA stone, not NBA, but more like, damn, I wish I had, I wish I was getting money like that. And Kevin said, he pulled me aside and said, you're brand it. I promise you would not want his life. And he told me some things about this person. I don't want to say it's what, but he's like, oh shit, right? So he sacrificed some things to get that money that I wasn't willing to sacrifice. And when I took that in perspective, I was like, oh, by my metrics to success, I realized I was more successful, even though he had more money. Or you even Kevin, Kevin had more money to me, but I'm alive. You know what I'm saying? So you got to define your own metrics for success, right? There's always somebody who's going to be more handsome than you or have more money than you. And I'm not saying you don't make yourself feel better about it, right? Because sometimes people say, money's not everything. Yeah, so nothing fucking oxygen is not everything, but you need it to survive, right? You need to have it in abundance to survive. You want so much oxygen that you don't like to think about it, right? Money's the same way. I'm not saying you make yourself feel better about not working at capacity. You want to define your metrics for success. What you're willing to sacrifice in which you're not willing to sacrifice and then judge yourself towards that. I'm not saying, oh man, he's got money, but he's fucking this or is that right? I'm not saying you make yourself feel better or pacify yourself like a bitch. I'm saying you really have to figure out what your metrics are and only judge yourself against that and don't judge yourself against other people's metrics. That's success. I hope that makes sense. The next thing I was going to do in our 20s is in the long run, most things don't matter. What I mean by that is I see people tripping and complaining about little shit all the time, fucking traffic, politics, bunch of other shit, right? And most of this shit, we won't even remember five years from now. Right? So one thing I try to think about, will I remember this five years from now? Will I care about this five years from now? And this is like missing a flight, fucking being in traffic. Most of this should that people spas out over doesn't matter. And especially if you take a long term view of it, it doesn't matter. For example, if we think of the stock market, what you can see is there's dips and values, but when we take a long term view, we see that it's up into the right. So all the little dips, man, if you was tripping over this, you was violent. You tripping even the big dips. You didn't have to trip over it. You still didn't have to be in good shape. You want to really focus long term. And that's really difficult for young people because you ain't been alive long. The amount of time you've been alive, you only remember most of it. Like you don't remember like the first two years, right? So it's difficult because you don't have a reference point of time. But just know, most things won't matter five years from now. And just ask yourself, will I give a fuck about this five years from now? He's bitch who dumped me, this person who said this thing to me, you know, all the bullshit. Most of that shit won't matter, man. So you wasting your mental energy on it on bullshit. Just focus on five years from now, man. The next thing I wish I knew when I was 20 is you can actually control other people more than you think. And I learned this in sales when I got to that sales. You ever see a happy child or a puppy walking to a room and everybody lights up. That person is kind of in control of their emotional states. The decisions people make are based off the emotion they feel at the time they make that decision. So if you're in a happy state, you're going to make a different decision than if you're in rage. Some of y'all wouldn't have been born if your dad wasn't really corny. You know what I'm saying? If he was like an illogical state, you want to fuck that ugly chick who gave birth to you. Therefore, if you control people's emotions, you can control their decision making and I learned this in sales. So that people would be scared to make a decision. And you know, I can do things that lighten the mood, maybe tell jokes or just control my emotions, control my matterism. And then the emotional state changes and then a lot of times there'll be a better position to buy. So I think about this all the time, controlling my emotional state. Because your emotional state will affect the emotional state of everyone around you. I tell myself, it was like, yo, you got to be head of state. If they get all worried or scared, you got to stay calm. Just like when you want to motherfucking airplane and the shit starts going crazy turbulence. I don't know about y'all, but I look at the plane waitress. And if the plane waitress is chilling, going about a business, then like everything's probably cool. You know, she control my state. However, once I was on a flight to London, we were over the ocean and the fucking shit starts going super crazy. The plane waitress is going down the aisle and she goes at another plane where I look to see if she's chilling, she's at another plane where she said, get out and they pulled junk raw to the floor and like, oh fuck, it's over. And then I started panicking more. You know what I'm saying? Well, alert, I live through it. It's like that in your life. So be the head of state. All right, when you go in the room, be the person who uplifts everyone with state. Be the person who always makes controls state people around you. Or the old control you, mirror a neurons. This is why somebody yons your own micro expressions and tonality. It affects our state as well. So you need to be head of state. Now the next thing I wish I knew in our 20s, you can actually train people much like you train an animal or pet. A long time ago, I read a book called Don't Shoot The Dog. And it was just really about training humans. But it was written by an animal trainer. And he talked about how the some animals that only respond to positive reinforcement. That's all they respond to, right? Like dolphins, with example. You can't whip a dolphin like you can with a tiger because as of now, whip stone work underwater. I'm sure Elon is working on the way to whip a dolphin. So what they do is they feed that dolphin. They catch a dolphin, do it some right. They get them off a treat. They keep doing it next to your mouth with a jump at the hoops. Going upside down, doing all types of shit. And you can actually train people like that. But you'd also negatively train them too. If you negatively train force what you were in the first example, my mom, she says I don't call her enough. When I do call her, was the first thing she does. All right, she says, oh, you never call. You never call. All right, I actually did the thing she wanted me to do is she negatively re-enforcement. What do you think that makes me want to call her more or less? You know, now she was like, yo, oh my god, I'm so glad you called. You know, and she was happy and excited. That would be positive reinforcement. And I'd probably be more likely to call her more freely. That makes sense. When you catch the people around you doing something that you went to do more of, you need to positively re-forcement the way you do with a dolphin. And then the way you know, you know, they'll start doing it more. You can understand? You can actually train people with just positive reinforcement. You don't even have to do negative reinforcement as much, right? Obviously, some of the greatest you might negatively re-enforcement. Can't do positive reinforcement too much. You can do negative reinforcement too much. We learned that from Chris Brown. Too much negative reinforcement is going to be a bad for the re-enforcer. When I say catch people doing right, this is employees, children, you know, and anyone around you can catch them doing some right. And then you positively re-enforce it. Right. And then on a subconscious level, they'll want to do it more. Next thing I wish I knew when I was 20 is it's okay for people to think you're crazy. When I was really working to come up, make money out. I was working so much and I was so obsessed with success. People were telling, man, yo, you need to live a little, you need to relax, you need to chill or you're tripping, you're going to war. And for a second, I thought there was something wrong with me. And you know, I read a lot. So one of the books I had read around the time was relentless by Tim Grover. And Tim Grover had trained Michael Jordan, Kobe Bryant, Dwayne Way, and a number of other NBA superstars, right? He wasn't talking about the training and what they do. He's talking about their mindset. Being obsessed with success is okay. And I read that book. And I was like, you know what? I don't give a fuck if these people say I'm crazy. It looks like I'm on the right path after reading that book and I say, fuck it, I'm going all out. And it worked out well for me. In fact, in fact, me so much, I wrote relentless tattoo on my arm. Kind of set me free. It allowed me to take my foot off the brakes. So don't worry about if regular people think you're crazy, man. If you want to stream success, it's got to come from extreme actions. The next thing I was going to win was that consistency trumps talent every time. It might be someone who's better than you as something or they seem to have some advantages you don't have and you have to work harder than that. Then just work harder than that. It may be more difficult than you. That's okay. Just fucking do it. You know, a lot of videos you say, oh man, this guy doesn't have this. Or this guy doesn't have 30 kids like me. It's like, you know, listen, man. Got some position you're in. If you want the same results, you're going to have to work. It's going to be more difficult for you. You're going to have to work harder. And just work harder, right? Don't complain about it. I wasn't there. No good ads hand, born in South Chicago to blackhead on my dad, blues, brains out. I had to work harder than some people I know who were born rich. You know, fucking cry about it. You just work harder. But if you are consistent, I'm telling you win. Consistency is undefeated. The advantages that they have has nothing to do with your success or your results. The next thing I was going to do is 20, you need to set goals that are impossible for the current version of yourself. So a lot of the people set goals, they set goals that are realistic. They will set goals that they are currently able to accomplish. The problem with that is, this is what you can accomplish. Then you'll set goals here. But if you set goals outside of what you can currently accomplish, what does that mean? That means you have to grow. You have to develop more skills. You have to develop more talents. You have to study more. You become a better person because now you have to grow into the goal. It's kind of like a house plant. If you put a plant in a pot, it will only grow as much as the pot will let it, because the roots can't expand. But what you set goals that are bigger than what you can currently accomplish, what you can do is you have to get a bigger, fucking pot. And that's what you do. You have to become a better person. So when I said my goals, there's so much stuff I had to learn. I had to learn marketing. I had to learn sales. I had to learn customer service. Then I started, I said even bigger goals when I started my business. And I had to start hiring people. So now I have to learn leadership. I have to learn management. I have to learn HR. Now I got to learn about taxes. I get to force me to become a more well-rounded, more skilled individual. But if you don't have any reason to learn these skills, or develop these talents, then you won't achieve in the goal. It's actually personal to the development as well. Next thing I wish I knew in my 20s was you got to prioritize health. So I probably sacrificed some health stuff in my early 20s. And then I realized it was slowing me down. So I said, you know what? I got even though I'm working all these jobs. I got to get another sleep. I got to get at least seven hours of sleep. And that was appropriate for me at the time. And then what happens was when I was working, I actually worked better. Because my mind was clear and I had more energy. And my mood was better. Easy way to slip into depression is to be sleeping. Like a sleep with a thick and move. It causes a variety of psychiatric problems. If you read the book, while we sleep, he worked at Stanford. And he talked about how a lot of psychiatric disorders, congruos were like a sleep. And more sleep actually helped those patients weigh more. Your neurochemicals are more boundless when you sleep. Neuroreparin, Nephrine, dopamine, serotonin, and oxytone. And that's what emotions are made of. Emotions, they're all near hit. They're just different combinations of neurochemicals. Lack of sleep will throw them all out of whack. Our exercise is health, especially sleep. You have more energy. You accomplish more. The next thing I wish I knew in my 20s was take calculated risks. One of the I said overconfidence is dangerous, but being a bitch is dangerous too. So you want to take the risk, but you don't want to be overconfident. My risk taking for me looks like this. If I do this, what's the worst that can happen? And I don't try to make myself feel better. I think about what's the absolute worst. Like if everything went wrong, what would that look like? Then I think to myself, can I handle it? If I can't handle it, then all right, let's do it. If I can't handle it, all right, we don't do it. So it's super calculated. And then I take it to step further. If I said I can do it, then I say, okay, what can I do to prevent the likelihood of the worst case scenario happening? Then I put those things into effect. Then I think if it happened anyway, what can I do to mitigate its effects? Right? So now it's like super calculated with the risks. For example, this is a question people always ask me, when should I quit my job, focus on my business full time? Well, for me, I was super calculated about it. I went through that whole protocol, I said, okay, what I'm going to do is I'm going to wait to my business is making as much as my jobs. But that mitigated, you know, the likelihood of me of the worst thing happening, me being poor and broke again, homeless, right? That mitigated that. The next level when I said, okay, if the worst did still happen, what can I do to prevent it from really damaging? So I said, okay, what I'm going to do is I'm also, make sure I have six months of expenses say, right? So I got two safety nets, right? One safety net to prevent the worst happening. And then even if the worst did happen, I had a soft place to land and I got six months to get my shit together and that be homeless. It was a risk, but it was super calculator risk. And that's why I tell everyone to do it. And wait to your business making as much money as you really have six months of savings. Take risk, but make sure to calculate. All right. So the number 28 lesson I wish I learned in my 20s, your emotions are your responsibility. Earlier, we talked about how you can impact other people's emotions and we talked about how the decisions people make. Our base often emotions, they feel when they're making their decision. Somebody wants some really bad, they might steal something, right? Because they feel some sort of emotion or somebody may be really angry and they do or say something they wouldn't have said if they were in a commerce state. So even though other people in outside events can have the ability to impact your emotions, you cannot blame your emotions or your behavior on others. No matter what, you have to take responsibility for your own emotions. So a lot of times people say shit to me like, man, you can work on her, but money won't make you happy. And I said, who the fuck was talking about being happy? Being happy and financial success are two different fucking subjects. They don't have nothing to do with each other. I've seen poor people are happy. I've seen rich people are sad and vice versa. I've seen homeless people dance in the street. I saw a homeless nigga take off his shoes on Queens Boulevard. It's dark dancing in the middle of the street, right? He was super happy. I know rich people killed themselves. I know poor people killed themselves. Money's job is not to make you happy. Money's job is to be exchanged for goods and services. That's all money can do. Your emotions are your responsibility. Not an inanimate object like money dipshit. It's not money's job to make you happy. Hey, it's not anyone's job to make you happy. It's not anything's job to make you happy. You can be happy under any circumstances, you know, within reasons. Emotions are not even real. When I say real, they're like the Webster definition of real. Emotions only happen in your fucking head. It's literally just imagination. All an emotion is happiness, sadness, anger, fear. They're just different combinations of neural transmitters. Neurochemicals are going off your brain. These chemicals include, but are not limited to dopamine, serotonin, oxytotin, neuropronephrin, these different combinations of neural chemicals in your brain are what emotions are. Why would you give someone else the power to control what happens in your brain? Why would you give outside circumstances or someone else the ability to control what's going on in your brain? Get money won't make you happy. Nothing shouldn't make you happy. Or make you sad. You need to learn how to control your own emotions, regardless of circumstances. Within reason, right? My focus gets shot, you get your arm chopped off, your fucking best friend is kidnapped. Yeah, you're gonna feel an emotion. Serve that for big events like that, right? Not someone cut you off in traffic. Not I missed my plane, my teen lost the fucking game. Don't let all the fucking bullshit control your most, you have to be stoic, right? You have to be in control of your emotions. The more you can learn how to separate your emotions from your circumstances, the better you'll be. Because what's the alternative? The alternative is that you let everyone else and everything else control your emotions. And now you're not a control. You're literally not a control yourself because you have to remember the decisions people make are based off the emotions they feel when they make the decision. I got some friends who are doing life in prison, right? They killed some people. They were feeling an emotion of anger, rage, and they pulled out the blick and got the blast in, right? Had they been in a different mental state, they would have made a different decision. They'd still be free men. They'd be hanging out with their kids right now. You can't let other people control your emotions because to a certain extent they'll control your decisions. And what you can definitely can do is say, I did this because he made me feel this way. I behaved like this because she made me feel this way or he made me feel this way. It's like, that's soft as fuck. You need to be control of your own emotions. Otherwise you're not a control of your life. Another thing I wish I knew when I was in my 20s is you're not responsible for other people's emotions. One of the fuckes will always try to say, oh, you made me feel like this and that's why I behaved like that or you did this or you didn't do that. I'm not telling you not to give a fuck about other people. But I'm telling you to don't let them skate, go to you. Right. It's like, no, no, you got to take responsibility for your emotions. If you made a mistake, apologize for trying to make it right. But sometimes you just do what you think is right. People feel a certain way about it. If you feel like you did it right and they try to fucking make you feel guilty because you made a feel to wake, lock them. So I had a mentor in this dude was older than me. He was a mentor. Could do he was having a birthday party and it was in DC. A big birthday party. Right. He's like, yo, you got to come to good birthday party. I was living in New York at the time and I was like, yo, I can't make it. Man, I got to work. This is back when I was working multiple jobs. When I had four jobs, I was working 80 hours a week. You know, to try to take care of my family, my father had just recently killed himself. I'm taking care of my family. And I was like, not man, I got to work. I can't get out of work. You know what I'm saying? Even if I could, I wouldn't. I got to work. I got a responsibility, you know, but happy birthday home. And this is my fucking, it was like super mad at me. For not coming to his birthday party. And I was like, what kind of girl shit is this? As you may have guessed, he's a homosexual. He really tried to make me feel guilty about the man as much as I've helped you. And you couldn't even show off on my birthday party. And I was like, yeah, I don't need this shit. And I just never talked to him again. I was like, I just don't need this shit. Yeah, I'm not responsible for your own emotions. I got shit to do. Also, I would have been hurting myself and my family by telling my boss, amen. Fuck what you talking about. I know I need this job to care my family, but I gotta go to a gay birthday party. Right? Like, I would have put myself in my family's in a bad situation. And he didn't realize or care about this. All he says is just how bad I am. And how I made him feel. And I was like, oh, listen, I'm not responsible for your emotions. Playboy, I'm out. You know, I have two sisters, right? They're my older sister. She yelled at me once for something. She wasn't even correct, right? She was made some assumption. And she was like, yeah, let me. And I'm like, oh, no, no, no, no. I don't need this. First of all, she was wrong, right? So I couldn't have been responsible for her emotions. Everything I did was wrong, right? And she found out she was wrong. And she was still like, whatever she was still man, I'm like, yeah, that's not my responsibility. You can't take responsibility for other people's emotions. Because most people have very little control over their emotions. That brings me to number 30. You can control your emotion. So you're not responsible for other people's emotions. And you had the responsible for yours. So how do you do it? How do you control your emotions? Just three ways to control your emotions. One is which your environment. If you go to a different place, different location. For example, if you're on the beach, you're probably gonna feel different than if you win a war zone. Or a more subtle example is you ever like clean up your room or your house and then you just feel a little better in there. They get environment can affect your emotions. But not even just your geographic location environment, but also the people you're around. Emotions are contagious. And as much as you want to do your best to let outside of it and so are people affect your emotions. It's easier if you cultivate your circle better. And the studies, the back of the sun's the studies, the back of the emotions can be contagious. So you wanna make sure if anybody's bringing negativity around you, fuck them. You know, I have a very little tolerance for the bullshit. You come around me with the bullshit you gotta go. The next way to control your emotions is your physiology, the way you move. The way you hold yourself. And you see somebody's depressed when they look like a bitch. But if you do this long enough, you'll start feeling the emotions right? So motion creates emotion. And the studies, the back, the stuff, the way you hold your body, the way you walk. Even the tone, the alley, your voice. Not only is it a reflection of your emotions, but it also controls your emotions. If you start laughing as much as possible, you will start to feel happy, even if it's fake laugh at first. If you go to the gym, you're gonna feel better. I keep a trampoline on my balcony if I really don't feel good, it's time to get on the trampoline. Back in my office in New York, when I didn't like the energy and the office, when we all worked together, everybody stopped. Got to get on trampoline, because you can't smile, listen, wanna trap the lead, man. So motion creates emotion. Watch how you carry yourself. How you talk, you know? If you start to behave in a certain way, as if you had the emotion, you'll start to feel that way. And the most important way to control your emotion is focus. Whatever you focus on, you're gonna feel. Whether it's real or not, if you got a pet right now, imagine your pet walks and sit around slowly, don't like. You could tell us on May, right? He looks at you from the ground. He's shaking a little bit of your go. And then crawls over, start having the seizure, right? All right, now stop imagine, it's pet is not this fine, it was just pretend, it was make believe. Some of y'all got sad just thinking about it. It wasn't even real. Whatever you focus on, you're gonna feel, even if it's not real, there's something you wanna buy, but there's not enough money, instead of saying y'all, I ain't got enough money, say y'all need to get more money, right? Cause one is gonna make you feel different. It's like man, one, I ain't got the money for that. You were feel like a bitch, but if you say, I need to get more money. It's the same thing, but the focus is different. Instead of focusing on the lack, it's focusing on what the fuck you're gonna do about it. It's like, oh man, I wanna build my following man, I ain't got enough followers, I ain't got enough followers, like no, I need to get more followers. One sounds like a motherfucker waving his white flag, like a bitch, the other one sounds like a motherfucker who's ready to go, who would you bet on? The motherfucker say, oh man, I ain't got enough, or a motherfucker says y'all gotta find a way to get enough. That change of focus, a perception, which changes how you feel. And just anything you think about, think about the positive thing, think about the good things, think about the things you have, instead of the things you lack. Copinance comes from competence. A lot of the time people tell you, man, just be confident. It has dummy advice. Right? Cause if you are confident in something that you don't have skills in it, right? Like that's like schizophrenia, right? That's like crazy shit. You know, like I never did no plumbing. I never plumbed nothing. I ain't a Mario brother, but it's, so why should I have confidence in doing my own plumbing? I said, if I had confidence, that I could do plumbing, and I've never even seen a wrench in person. Use wrench as the plumb shit, right? I don't know, maybe. That's how much I know about plumbing. I don't even know what the tools are to use the plumb. But if I had confidence in my plumbing abilities, that would be fucking crazy. Motherfucker, I don't even look under it's thinking years. I don't know shit about it. Why should I have confidence in it? But let's say my daddy was a plumber. And his daddy was a plumber. He used to take me on plumbing jobs with me. When I was a kid, it used to plumb together. And I did that to like, use this plumber tools. I had to handle this plumber tools when he was plumbing shit. And then I went to plumbing school, valedictorian, a plumber in school, man. And I had all this fucking confidence, then it would make a lot of sense for me to be confident in every guard. But the reason most of you guys don't have an overall confidence in yourself is because you have been shown yourself to be competent in anything, right? You're breaking promises that you make to yourself every day. You're never doing this stuff, that you say you're gonna do. You're never following the plans. You say you're gonna do a diet, you don't do it. You say you're gonna start working out, you don't do it, right? You say you're gonna start a competition in these goals and working on them, but you don't do it. You are showing yourself incompetence. You have displayed incompetence. So why should you be confident in yourself? But once you start keeping the promises, you make to yourself, dang it, and day out. You start building a track record of it. You're saying, oh man, I start a track record of you hitting your goals. Building habits that will serve you in what you're trying to accomplish. And what happens is, you have a track record you're like, yeah, I can do this. Well, if I say I'm gonna do something, I do it. You start to believe in yourself, and they get you a kind of confidence, you can't bake. You only have to tell anybody about it. They'll know it when they see it, they'll fill it, they'll fill it. They'll fit it. That's why someone important to start tracking your habits and tracking your goals. In the description, I had something called the Victory Vision planner, right? And in there, there's a habit tracker. You can start tracking your habits, you can set up whatever habits you want, and you can start tracking them, right? And you can set, you can plan out your goals, right? And you can start tracking your progress in it. And there's a video on it that explains how to use it. And the beauty of that is, once you start having a record of you displaying confidence, you know? Then you start to really believe in yourself in the different kind of way, man. You really start to have more confidence in yourself. The 31st thing I wish I knew when I was 20 was protect your energy at all costs. And don't waste it on negativity. There's been a lot of times in my life where there was something I was working on and I got distracted by some sort of negativity. Some, either somebody brought some drama in my life or somebody said or did some, took me up my path, cause either I'm engaging with them or I'm spinning the block on these motherfuckers. Or I'm just thinking about it. At worst, I'm thinking about what happened. It's super important that you protected it because remember, the decisions people make are based off the emotions they feel at that time they make the decisions. So if I'm in some sort of bad mood because of some negative energy, I'm liable to make bad decisions. Under those circumstances, for example, let's say you're a dead. And what you wanna do is you wanna be a good father to your children or some shit. These are your kids. So you gotta take action to accomplish this, right? You have to do something. So let's say your action is you wanna spend time with your kids. But if you are in a bad mood when you take the action, you think those kids are gonna have a good experience, you might fuck around to do more harm than good. Under those circumstances, right? But if you're in a good mood when you're spending time with your kids, that's gonna be a better experience for you and the children. That was just a simple example to everyone who's gonna understand. It's like that would everything, right? If you have to go to work, right? If you're in a bad mood while you're working, your action won't be as effective. If you ever had to work with somebody who's in a bad mood who's all pissed off, right? Then that applies to your work with. Then I'd bring it up to morale at a team. But if somebody's in a good mood, they bring the whole teams more out of that can be you. I support for you to protect your energy, right? For this example with the kids, if the dad's all mean, right? He's gonna put the kids in a bad mood, not a crime to shit, but he's in a good mood. He can kid's up throwing him in the air, having fun, with the kids, no drizzling. Then the kids are gonna be in a good mood because energy is a contagious. So that's why you got it. For check your energy and stay away from negativity. Even if it's family, I'll care who it is. One of the 48 laws of power is, stay away from the unhappy and unlucky. I don't care who it is. The next thing I wish I knew in my 20s is the importance of building a strong personal brand. In my 20s, there was no such thing as a personal brand. The internet hadn't came out yet. There was no social media, really, except for. The Facebook was just about to start. There was my space. There was some called Black Planet, but that was just for, you know, finding black bitches to have sex with. That's all that was for. And it was an effective strategy in the early South Africa, from beyond the South Africa. The personal brand will take it to the next level. And we've seen this on massive scales. For example, we've seen people become building in there's of the strength of their personal brands. For example, Kylie Jenner, right? She became one of the most volatile people on the internet. And as she came out when I make a brand, as she became a building there. Same with Kim Kardashian. Remember that the family who became building there is just of the strength of their personal brand. Not even necessarily having a talent. And this is something new. And I don't mean that it's disrespectful because building your personal brand is the talent. I've known so many people have used their personal brand to make millions of millions of dollars. In fact, I'm one of them. In fact, I'm doing it now. So when you want to get good at something, learn something and then start teaching it, or using social media to help people accomplish their goals, you start building your personal brand. You can build a business off of that. I didn't know that when I was 20. I would have started this earlier if I knew this was going to happen. It's the new business car. Your Instagram or your YouTube page is better than a business car. And when people want to find out about you, even if you're not trying to be an influencer, people want to find out about you they're going to go with you. What's going to come up? Yeah, Instagram. It's your new call in car. And you should take it seriously. The days of I don't have a social media. Those days are over. Right now, if you don't have a social media, it's like why you're a weird or you're strange. It's kind of like in the early 2000s when people who said, oh, man, I don't have an email and do email. Those people were weird. That's what it's like. What is the brand now? The next thing I wish I knew, you don't get what you want. You get what you have to have. You won't rise to your ambitions. You're going to fall to your standards. So sometimes people ask me, Brandon, how can you track your macros every day and make sure you work out every day? Like, how do you stay so consistent? Because it's a standard. It's not an idea. It's not something I want to do. It's a standard. That would be like me asking you, how do you make sure you bathe every day? Or you brush your teeth every day? I know that resonates with most of you. The stinky is among you. I won't know what I'm talking about. But most of you have the standard that you're going to bathe every day. You're going to take care of your dental hygiene as well. So there's the difference between a good idea and a standard. But the problem is, an ambition is different than a standard. An standard is bathe and brushing your teeth wearing killing clothes, feeding your pets, feeding your kids. An ambition is something like, oh, that's just what I want to do. This is just a good idea. I should start working out every day. That's why I don't like when people say, the work, try. And they say, oh, man, I'm trying to post every day on social media. You fucking try it? You want you a try baby? If when you say, try, that's how I know it's not a standard. And that's how I know you're probably going to fail. Because you don't try to feed your kids every day. You feed your kids every day. You don't try to walk the dog every day. You walk every day. So it's my fucking own shit on the bed. You don't try to brush your teeth every day. You brush your teeth every day. You're not a tribe baby when it comes to those things. But the other stuff when you start saying, try, I know it's not a standard. And I know the likelihood of you accomplishing that is very, very slim. Because we won't rise to our ambitions. We will fall to our standards. Whatever our standards are, we will do the things that are really standard. Clean clothes, clean house. If that's a standard for you. So the key is to be consistent or to accomplish your goals is to change your ambitions into standards. We don't want to raise our ambitions. We want to raise our standards. We don't want to raise the ceiling. We want to raise the floor. Like how low we will go. So when people say, man, I'm trying to make 10k a month. You're probably not going to do that. You need to set a standard that you will not accept less than 10k a month. And that's going to be different. You're going to hit that with a different sort of intensity. Because it'll be a standard. You will do what it, what it takes. So when people start to ask you, hey, man, how do you work so hard? How do you stay consistent? How do you do this? You just say, oh, it's a standard. I raised my standards. I no longer accept less from myself. Instead of trying to see what I can get away with now, I want to see how far I can push myself. Now, I want to see what I made of instead of seeing what I can get away with. And that's what will change everything. Next thing I wish I knew when I was in my 20s is to be demanding of yourself. Yet, tolerant of others. You see this with a lot of young guys. They start getting into personal development or working out or anything. They start getting into anything. And they immediately want to start proselyizing and teaching the shit to everyone. And they want to start holding everyone they meet to these new standards they have. They want to their girlfriends to work out. How do I get my girlfriend to work out? How do I get my girlfriend to start eating right? How do I get my friends to do all this shit? You don't. I don't give a fuck what my girlfriend eats. You know, she's in the dog. She can make your own decisions. I'm tolerant of her beliefs and her dietary preferences or her life choices. As long as they don't conflict with my morality or my standards. But I'm demanding to myself and I'm tolerant of others. So I might be with people in their eating candy and cake. And I don't say nothing. I'm just chilling. I'm not telling them, oh, you shouldn't eat that. You shouldn't do that. I'm not trying to scold them. I'm not trying to tell you why I should do stuff. But a lot of times you guys do this. You're trying to convert strangers when you first get into something because you're super excited about it. You're the guy who always wants to talk about reps and sets with everybody you meet. You don't do that. Everyone hates that guy. Everybody beat themselves. Unless they ask you for help, they ask you for help. That's different. But let everybody beat themselves. But you got to be super demanding of yourself. And just let everybody live the way they want to live. I might make a joke that once I'm not so neat and in candy. But that was just a joke. Like I didn't really give a fuck. You know, I'm not checking me. You don't need what's your macro today, man? What's your macro? Let me see. I don't really care. I might say something funny, but it's a really care. Like my girl. She might just bust out of sneakers in the middle of the day. I wouldn't put that in my body. But she does all types of stuff I wouldn't do. You know, I'm saying, I'll not suck the key, the right? So like I can hold it in my standards. So let other people live the life that they feel is like appropriate for them. It's not your job to judge them. And their standards and goals are the same as yours. You shouldn't hold people to your own standards. But you should definitely hold yourself to your standards. Number 35. Being too good at negotiating can be a bad thing. So I got really good at sales and negotiation. Over course, my life, my dad was a sales meet on me a lot. I've been doing sales in one form or another since I was a kid. I got really good at sales and negotiating as well. The problem is you can get too good at it because we're working with this other company and we're working on a project. I negotiated with them, but I got really good. And it became like a game to me. So I was making sure I got the best deal possible for me in my team. And I did. Because they were left with not enough for them to be excited or incentivized to work hard. So I got what I want in the short term, but not in the long term. Because in the long term, I wanted them to work hard and be super focused on the goal. I negotiated their stake in the project to be so little that their performance was lackluster and needed in care. And the project actually failed. And I believe it was my fault because they didn't have enough incentive anymore. So now when I negotiate, I make sure when I'm doing something with someone, if we're going to a partnership, it has to be a win-win. And sometimes I make sure they get more. Sometimes I negotiate in a way where I may overdo it or overpay them if I need them to do a lot more work than me. Or if I need them to be locked in, you know, because I'm within the work hard and I want them to be incentivized. So don't focus on getting the best deal for you, think about the best deal for everyone and it will work out better for everyone. Number 36. Be kind to everyone because you never know who they will become. I remember I was at Tai Lopez's house. This was a long time ago when he was first doing me in my garage commercial. I met Tai and he had a team there and it was his dude there. And I was super cool when he was working for Tai. He was like one of his assistants or salespeople. But he was like a lackey for a better turn. He was somebody who's just working there. But I've always made sure I'm cool with everyone. I'm talking about fucking janitors. I'm nice to waiters. I'm nice to motherfucking the camera man when I'm working with other people literally everyone because you never know who they're going to become. And I remember this dude from Australia. He was like working for Tai. But I was super cool when he asked me questions when we started talking. I was super kind and all that. You know, I was cool to me. Next thing I know, this dude started a million dollar company. What do you learn from Tai? He became cool after that. Now I just saw him a few months ago and his company is making a million dollars a month. He went from being ties lackey to now. He's got the company making a million dollars a month. You never know who people are going to become. And when I was talking to him, he gave me some advice. Now imagine if I just dismissive of him 10 years ago when I met him or I didn't give him the time of the day or I was like big time this month. Fuck it. I didn't know he's going to do that. I just go out of my way to be kind to everyone because here's the opposite. I remember this girl. I know. The year was 2003. Jamie Foxx was in the club at a club in DC called Dream. Whatever reason he had on third pants. And this girl I know, she was with her friends and her friend wanted a picture with Jamie Foxx and he was kind of me into them and rooted him. And I get it man. Sometimes you just, you don't want to deal with that shit. I guess, right? Till this day that whole group of friends, they won't listen to a Jamie Foxx song. They won't watch a Jamie Foxx movie. And they'll tell everybody who will listen about how Jamie Foxx was addicted to him. I'm telling you all now. About a 20 year old Jamie Foxx being a dick story. Now again, it's some hoes who said it. So take that with a grain of salt, man. Yeah, I'm just saying your reputation proceeds itself, right? Jamie Foxx, I know I'd be on a YouTube channel with a million subscribers to tell them people that he was addicted to some girls in 2003. The next thing I wish I knew when I was 20 is you'll help your friends accomplish their goals. But a lot of times people compete with their friends. They want to do their friends. Or they get jealous that their friends. I want my friends to do better than me. If they're trying to accomplish something that I want to accomplish, I want them to do better to me for multiple reasons. One, study show that the one that the main indicators of a person's net worth is the net worth that their friends. So if your friends start making money, odds are a deal start making more money too because you just around that energy and an environment. But it also gives learn stuff. So I remember, me and my boy Jim, who's both working on this thing, I don't want to tell you what is. But we're both working on this thing to make us money. But Jeremy has started making progress way faster to me. Like super fed. And I was encouraging them every day because he, he was like my Sherpa. As we were trying to climb this mountain, he went up there the hard way, Pauls, and then figured it out. So now when my turn of climbing the mountain, I didn't have to make all the mistakes Jeremy made. I was able to get there way easier because Jeremy went there. So I was helping them out. Whatever you was trying to accomplish because I was learning from his experience experiences is the best teacher. But it doesn't have to be your experience. It costs me way less to accomplish the same goal with less pain because I help Jeremy do it. And another thing, just to get friends, if your friends are really succeeding, it's another form of insurance. I know it's shit, it's the fan, and I got a business. I can just hit up one of my boys, eight men. Let me do something for you, Pauls. Let me run your ad campaign, or let me join your sales team. Let me run your sales team because my friends are super rich. LVU is here for me to land on my feet. In the song, filling it by Jay Z, he said, if every nigga in your click is rich, your click is rugged, no one can fall because everyone will be each other's crutches. You know what I'm saying? So you want your friends to succeed and you should encourage it and help them at any chance you get. It's the best insurance you can have is rich friends that you helped get rich. The next thing I wish I knew I'm 20 is it's a cultivated attitude. I like to call grateful dissatisfaction. So I'm super grateful for everything I have. I think about it all, it's something bad for coming from the South Side of this cago man, and I made it to where I'm at. But I'm not satisfied, I still won't way more. So I'm not satisfied when I'm also super grateful, you want to find a sweet spot in there. You don't want to get complacent, but you also don't want to take for granted what you have. I just want you to think about who does guy want a bless? You think he wants a bless to guy who's not appreciated things. You have to not appreciate the good things in life or do you think God wants to bless the person he's already given some blessings to. Imagine you give your nephew a toy or something like this Iron Man toy. Let's say it give you a nephew or someone in your family, this Iron Man toy. And he's like, I am man. Yeah, whatever man. I fucks with Batman. And he wasn't grateful. How many more toys you're going to give that motherfucker? However, if he was like, even if it wasn't bulls, she's like Iron Man. And if you got like crazy, my my look, I got smid. No. Right, you're going to be excited to give him some else. To give him some more toys, give him some more gifts. How you think God, look at you. When you don't appreciate the stuff you do have, right? You got running water when some of the fuck is drinking out of puddles and shit. Some of the fuck is that? You got a roof over your head when it's my fucking living fucking tin houses and shit. You know what I'm saying? You was born here in America, maybe. Neema had to emigrate here from the sand. I imagine you got your own some sort of magic carpet. I imagine I was one of your wishes when you found the genie. As I imagine, there's only Iranian stories on that. But you really have to be grateful for everything you had, man. But also, it's okay to want more. Good thing I wish I knew in my 20s that emotions are not real. Emotions are not real. They literally all in your head. Emotions are nothing but different combinations of neurochemicals that go off in your head. Help with me. I see Tony, neuropronaphrin, among others. These different combinations of neurochemicals are all that emotion is. This literally all in your head, they do affect how you feel in your decisions. You have to control your emotions. But if you just remember, hey, this is not real. It's not really happening. It's literally all in my head. It makes it easier for you to control it and to change it. Last thing I wish I knew when I was in my 20s is the importance of studying. You have to study way more. Like warm buff, it still reads for hours a day. Bill Gates still reads for hours a day and it's something to richest people in the world. And I'm up. He's a rich man in the world at the time it's recorded. He talks about how he read as much as possible when he was younger. He never wanted to feel like you got it. Like people would say, man, do you read all these books here? Man, I read way more books than this. That's not even counting my Kindle Bro. Or I have twice as many books as this in storage. Because when I moved to Miami, I left some more in storage. And when I keep studying, keep always studying and then new shit is happening. So instead of the new shit stay on top of trends, never get left behind, never feel like you got it always be willing to learn. Hey, if one of the things you want to learn is how to grow your online fitness business, I got a free ebook called the 10 Commandments of Online Training. If you show you that, you have to grow your online fitness business. Even if you don't have a big following, even if you're not certified, even if you don't have a lot of experience, the link is in the description down below to now for free. All right?