In this video, I want to talk about five lessons on how to handle failure and succeed in spite of it. A lot of people come up to me and they're scared of failure. Or maybe they dealt with some sort of failure, some sort of setback, or they're in the midst of some sort of trials and tribulations. You know, it's waning on their self-esteem and their motivation. And I want it to tell you how to get past that. So you can go on and beat the motherfucking shit out of your goals. How you can get past that fear and steal accomplish your goals. Actually, use that failure to propel you to hire heights. Because the truth is you actually need failure in order to succeed. So first thing you need to realize is failure is the precursor to success. One of my favorite books is principles by Ray Daliel. He's one of the richest men in the world. He's founder of the largest hedge fund of all time, the world, Bridgewater Capital. And it is book. He talks about the process of accomplishing goals, right? Because Ray, he learned this because he went through some big failures. I think it was in the 80s or the 90s assumption. He was predicting that there was going to be a recession. He was going on all the shows, all the stock shows, CNBC, that was out then. Just everywhere he was saying, we can't go on in recession. And he bet all his money. And all his investors money that there was going to be a recession. Little did he know it was quite the contrary. In fact, the market went to all time highs and started skyrocketing for the next 10 years. Ray, not only did lose all this money, he had to lay off all those employees. He went broke. He was so broke that he had to borrow money to survive from his wife's dead. Think about that. That's why it proves that. Because I know about when Broganx, my girlfriend's dead for money should have been different. My dad connects my mom's death and money because that nigga wasn't around. Anyway, then that LED dept ex is wife's daddy for money to live and support his wife. He was also embarrassed on the national stage. Think about this shit you feel with. You probably weren't on TV, failing. In front of everybody, you didn't probably lose your money and all your investors money. But he failed and what he realized was that failure was actually an important part of success. It was actually mandatory because he went on to build the largest hedge fund of all time after that failure. But he said it was because of that failure. So his process looked like this. First, he draws this fucking loop and he says the first step of the loop is you set all dace's goals. And then he said the next step is actually failure. But you should expect failure. You should expect to run into trials, tribulations. You should expect to be met with opposition. You should not expect it to be easy. But from that failure, you are going to gather learning principles. Especially if some of you never did before, right? Of course you're going to fail. You never did that shit before. You'll learn some shit, right? Then you start what? Improving. And then that's what you start succeed. Then after that, then you can set more audacious goals. Just so you can start the whole process again. And he says this is what it looks like when you're going up. You keep repeating this process over and over and over again. And only time you stop repeating that process is when you stop saving goals and you stop going after stuff. You stop trying to accomplish new things. So it's a part of you need to fail in order to learn. For example, the big home, Thomas Edison, he failed thousands of times when he was trying to make the light bulb. According to my research, he failed over 2,000 times trying to make this light bulb. But he finally got it. He figured it out. And he said, listen man, I didn't fail thousands of times. I figured out thousands of ways that it didn't work. Think about it. He failed 2,000 times. And he kept going until he figured it out. And as a result, this whole studio is not lit by candlelight. So that's it. But think how many times you want to fuck as give up. Because you failed once. Some of y'all clicked on this video because you were, man, I'm out here. I failed once. I'm sad. I'm about to cry. And this motherfucker built fucking thousand times trying to accomplish this shit. People thought he was crazy. He was making fun of him. He was like, nah man, we all had these lamps wherever. Everyone's wall house going burn down. A village going burn down man. But it's just what we do. Right? That he figured it shit out. But he said he learned. He tells us the way that it didn't work. That's the same process. The homey Ray Ray.lio figured out right? You would, would the failure is a prerequisite for success. And that brings us to the second topic. Failure can be a good thing if you learn from it. For example, my favorite basketball player is Michael Jordan. I'm bias. I grew up in Chicago in the 90s. Before he won any championships, they lost twice in the playoffs. Eastern Conference finals. They lost twice to the Detroit Pistons. Now they were called the bad boy Pistons. Because you need to play like a rough style of basketball like hard vials and NBA was a little tougher back then. People were saying man, you know, Jordan he did good. He's not a team player. That style of basketball will never work. That was the narrative around Michael Jordan. I said, he's a great individual player, but he came with a championship. You know, and that's the kick saying at about him. So what do you do? He learned that, okay, I'm not strong enough to compete at this level with this kind of play. So he went and got the homie Tim Grover to train him. And he needed to become stronger and he needed to be able to take those hard vows and dish out, you know, more aggression as well. And then he went on, you know, the story went on and went six championships. It was because of that failure. Like who knows if he would really want six championships, had he not got beaten by the Detroit Pistons both those times, right? Because they forced him the what? They forced him to become stronger. He learned how to play in that environment. But he didn't know before. But that failure was a was a pretty requisite for his success. And it became a good thing if he watched the last dance. There were people who were saying that had it not been for those Detroit Pistons. The Chicago Bulls would not have been that good. It was almost like training like they needed that. So whatever failure you're going through, I need you to reframe that. As this is the opportunity for you to learn and become better. You found out some ways that the things didn't work. I'm sure you learned something. Dalai Laama said, when you lose, don't lose the lesson. Because if you don't lose the lesson, then you can come back. You can come strong. You can learn from that and make some shit happen as a result. The next tip for dealing with failure is, you'll stop feeling sorry for yourself. Like a fucking punk. Let me tell you, still. At the end of 2007, my dad blew his brains out and committed suicide. It wasn't necessarily my failure, right? But he impacted me, right? You know, it was a part of me doing it to just fucking crumble. Feel sorry for myself, you know? At some point, I realized listen, I'm the man in the family now. I got to take him, my mom, my sister, her kids, you know, helps support my grandma. This way, it does all mean. I was only 24 years old at the time, right? And make matters worse, right after that, the recession of a weight started. When Leem and Brothers crash and his record unemployment in the world, the world financial economy collapsed. So it was a lot going on. It might be a difficult time. I really felt like feeling sorry for myself. And I don't think anybody would blame me if I just curled up and cried, like a bitch or just stayed a bitch. All right, you know what I mean? I really don't think I had a good excuse to be a bitch. But I didn't. There was some inside of me that said, you know, I got to pick myself up and keep going. Those of you all know the story I said it before, but I started waking up at 4 or 4 30 every day, training people in the morning and then I'll shower at the gym, go work, security at the protest store and so I hope for like eight hours. And then after that, I worked for a moving company about days a week. And on the weekends, I woke up early, trained people in the morning and then I worked at a barbecue restaurant in Queens, Steinway Street, right? And these were 12, 14 hour days, man. Seven days a week for like two years. It looked really bad, but you know what man? I was able to take care of the family. I was able to figure it shit out and even though it was difficult, that whole shit made me stronger. Like it made me more resilient. You know, it made me tougher. I don't want to say it did thing, but it was a silver line in that, you know? Like, I really became with Jean. And I used it to my benefit. Like I used it to make myself stronger. Because I was working on those jobs during the recession. After my day at Killed to Self, I made over $100,000 a year, both of those years. I just outworked it. And then I was able to stop doing that when I started my own life business business. And I didn't know how to do that. I failed at that a bunch of times. Nobody teaching me it. There was no books on it. Training someone online was a novel idea in 2009, 2010. And we had to figure it out, but I failed a bunch of times on my way to doing that. But because of what I had dealt with, you know, those failures didn't seem to stop. And I didn't let those failures stop me because of that. And I was able to build a successful online business business where I started making a work, you know, $100,000 a year of my business. And I was able to quit those jobs. Now I teach other people how to start doing online business businesses. You know, in fact, I got a free ebook that has show you how to do it. The link is in the description if you want to download it. Because I didn't have those kind of resources when we had to figure it out on our home. We were to pay in the years. The people were doing it back then. But I say all that to say, once I stopped feeling sorry for myself, I was able to start attacking the goal. I'm a Beyoncé doing that two years spent. There were times that I was like probably like suicidal on some real shit, you know. But there's no way I would have did it because I saw how that affected the family. But you know, I just couldn't feel sorry for myself. So I just got up and kept going. That leads me to the next tip on how to deal with failure. The failure you're going through now, they're going to make your story better. Right? If you don't give up and you keep going, and these failures are going to make your story better when you tell it. One of my favorite movies Avengers Infinity War. It is a great movie, but they lost. Right, they lost and that set up the next movie, Avengers Endgame. Imagine how bad that movie would have been if they was like, yo, Thanos was coming to get the souls and they just beat them all easily. Right? That wouldn't be no movie that you wouldn't have watched. That wouldn't be inside it. And movie would be whack. You got to think about your life like a movie and you're the main character. This is the part where Thanos won. Or you get defeated or you got your ass kicked. How's this movie going in? Right? You get the right that script. If you keep you up, I promise me you will succeed eventually. Right? You just got to keep you up because persistence is undefeated. Right? The world is not tough for the person who's not willing to never give up. Tell you. Now, think how we'll fucking whack them movie would have been if they just got beat by Thanos and it was like, man, fuck it. I like half these motherfuckers anyway. The obsession, man, is less people now, man. Maybe Thanos is right. You know what I'm saying? Right? It's going to make this story better. The fact that you're dealing with these difficulties is going to make this story better. You just can't get up. It's okay to switch plant, but never switch goals. If you try something and it doesn't work, cool you find out a way it doesn't work. But you still attack the goal. Like when people say, plant being a lot of times they mean they're going to do something totally different. That's not how you should look at the plant beat. Plant B should be another plant, another route to the same goal. And then you have plants C, plant D all the way to plant Z. And then you start over plant A, one plant A, plant B, one plant, plant B, one plant, you know they can keep going. What if you get there? I'm sure that during World War II, there was another plant. The D day invasion didn't work. If that was unsuccessful, I'm sure there was another plant. But I'm confident that that plant was not. Maybe we just learned a kick you with the Nazis, man. That was Francis plant. They just gave up. But that wasn't a miracles plant. That wasn't England's plant. London was getting bombed. They let Hitler bomb London. But they still ain't give up. They mean they were going to go down fighting. And that's what you got to do, man. But it makes you a story better. And here's the beautiful thing. Everybody loves the comeback story. So I think about the story I just told you about my dead daddy during a recession. Imagine if I didn't have that story and I'd say, yeah, I was born rich. I was always rich. And then I found a way to get some more money. That's not a very compelling story. It's the failure makes you a story better, man. The next tip on how to deal with failure. You got to use failure as fuel. So F Scott Fitzgerald once said, never confused a single defeat with a final defeat. Here's what I said, use it as a full fuel. So you got your ass beat. You got kicked down. Everything looks bad, right? I want you to think about this. So the reason anyone does anything, right? If you need motivation, right? The reason anyone is motivated to do anything. They're either moving towards pleasure or away from pain, right? That deal. You got that pain now. You know what it's like to feel. So next time you're going to go harder, but the beauty is, you got actually experiencing it now, right? Experiences are the best teachers. Now you've got yourself some experience. So now you're better equipped to get up and attack this again and it makes you stronger. Think about it. You need to reframe your brain and say, you go this failure. It's made me stronger. It's made me more resilient. And it did think about the gym when you're lifting weights. If you want to grow muscle, you've got to go to what failure, right? You go to failure. If you happen, your muscle fibers get break down. They tear, but then guess what? They grow back strong. That's you want the fuck it? If you do what you're supposed to do, right? Get back up. You want to use that as few and know that that failure has made you stronger. It's made you more resilient. When my father killed himself is like, but like now, like what can be worse than that. Right? So now I'm stronger. I'm more resilient. You build like a mental calis. Just like that muscle fiber goes back stronger. You grow a Brex stronger. Unless you stay down in a local pump and feeling sore for yourself and you start crying like a hot. You've got to get the fuck back up. You're supposed to go to failure. So you can be stronger. Just like Ray Dowl, you'll see it. What he said, you're supposed to fail, learn. And then come back stronger and say, what? More audacious goals. Right? Just like you live weights. You do bicep curls, you go to failure. Then guess what? You come back stronger. And you fucking progressive overload. You put on wrong way and you go to failure again. It's the same shit rate. Dahlia was saying what his fucking graph. Right? But you're doing it in your life instead of the gym. It's a perfect metaphor. Right? You need to reframe this failure. And be like, okay, this failure is mainly stronger. Not only my more resilient, but now I have more experience and I've learned something from this. And now I'm better equipped to attack this same goal again. And here's the thing. If you keep adopting that and you don't lose that frame of mind, you're going to be invincible. Because every time you get knocked down, you just go come back stronger. Like the Hulk or some shit. You know what I'm saying? But it's only as if you've come at it with that attitude. Almost like you have to be happy that you feel. Because now you learn something and you gain some strength. My edge of those say it once. You may encounter many defeats, but you must not be defeated. In fact, it may be necessary to encounter the defeats. So you can know who you are. What you can rise from and you can still come out of it. How do you know what you made of? As you push it to the limit. It's just like in the gym. How do you know how strong you are unless you max out? Max it out. You're going to failure. You had a max out in life. Go to failure. Take the hits. Get back up. Become resilient. Life's not about going through it unscathed. Now, man, that makes you weak. That makes you wet fragile. Or perhaps when you lift weights. If you're not using gloves like a girl, you're going to develop these calices on your hands. Now you can move weights. Strong enough. The first time it hurts is painful. Right? Then you develop these calices. Now you wet your Tupper. You're more resilient. It's the same thing in life. If you afraid of calices, you're going to get strong. It's the same way in life. If you want some more tips on how to accomplish your goals, I got another video that you'll watch right now. They help you accomplish two goals in record time. You're going to take a video right now.