I stay lean all year round. You never seen me fat. And it's because of the five habits I'm about to show you. Single digit body fat. Looking like the mother f***. Oscar statue year round. And I'm gonna show you how to do it too. The last one is the most important one. Because it has benefits that go way beyond just getting ripped. It'll help you with all facets of life. If you f*** up any one of these, then you're gonna continue this f***. Yo yo sh*** where your ass is getting fat sometimes. And you have to die it, then you get fat again, then you have to die it. And then you when keep up this goddamn charade indefinitely, then you let fat ass kids. Now you're gonna be good at sports. Mf***, that man, asthma attacks on the basketball court. So they got a carry around out at fat. They inherited from you. Here's the habits I use to not be as fat as you year round. Number one, you got to track your calories. I keep a little full scale with me everywhere I go. I be at restaurants. Some of the best restaurants in the world. And I'll break out my food skill. I wait, everything I eat. It sounds excessive. You know what's excessive to me? The fact that 1500 Americans die every day of obesity related diseases. That's excessive, that's extreme. To put that in perspective, on 9-11, 3000 Americans die. When motherfuckers is dying from being fat every day, 1500 Americans, that's excessive to me. I don't wanna track all my calories, man. It sounds like this is too difficult, blah, blah, blah. It was just putting numbers in the phone, man. You sound like a bitch. You know, you don't even have to keep a scale on you like me. I don't wanna be more precise. Sometimes the battery in my skill will die or something. I take a picture of my food uploaded to Chad Chibiti and say, you know, as to how many ounces it is. Then I put that in the my fitness pal. And it's pretty accurate. So I track everything I eat in my fitness pal. There's a reason why that's an important because some of y'all are fat right now. Statistically, most of y'all are fat right now. So here's a study done by Duke University. It took a bunch of fat boys. And they say, hey, fat boy, all we want you to do is track your calories for 90 days. They even know diet plan. All they had them do was track their calories. And on average, they lost five pounds. Over five pounds on average. And they didn't even have a plan. The mirror act of tracking their calories caused in the lose weight. Why? When you are tracking something now you're more cognizant of what you're eating instead of just putting anything in the mouth, like a whore. Just eat anything like you indiscriminately, like you only even give a fuck. But when you start tracking, then you start making what better decisions. Those people have no fucking idea. How many calories they're eating? Humans are really bad at making those kind of estimates. Like my girlfriend, she started tracking our calories. At one point, she had this big Dominican breakfast, where she had the big ass bananas and salami and a bunch of other Dominican shit. She's like, god damn, it's like a tellsy calorie breakfast. Yeah. But that's the most people that you have no idea how many calories you're eating. And that's why I've sold people are so fat. It's not that difficult. You don't even have to use a scale like me. If you didn't watch anything else's video, this alone will help you. Because otherwise, you are literally just fucking guessing. I've been a trainer for over 25 years. And everyone who says, man, I tried everything, man, what on the dude do you where I can't try everything? After they say they try everything, I say, if you try tracking your calories, they say, no. I'm like, mother fuck, you tried everything except the one thing that it worked. It's just putting numbers in a phone. You know what, it is difficult. I see motherfuckers hanging from the roof of my condo, cleaning the windows. That's difficult. Put numbers in a phone is fucking easy, bro. But now we need to start tracking how many calories we burn each day. If you want to lose fat, you have to burn more calories than you consume. This is what's called being in a claw or a deficit. If you have to burn more calories, then you consume to lose fat. Shouldn't you know how many calories you burn it? How do you know how many calories you burn it? How many calories you burn these days? You just sell some sort of fitness tracker. I used to use the hoop, but it looked kinda dorky. Or I would wear a soup with the hoop on. And I felt like I was in spy kids or some shit. So I switched to the orange. So now I use the orange and this blins seenlessly into my tire. The apple watch to do it, you just sell some fitness tracker. It tracks the calories you burn each day. And then it's just man. So let's say you're tracking how many calories you consume each day. Say you're gonna consume 2,000 calories each day. Then you wanna see how many calories you're burning each day. Now let's do some math. You say you wanna burn a pound of fat a week. Every pound of fat, you wanna lose, you have to burn 3500 calories, which means you have to burn 500 calories more than you consume each day. If you do that for seven days in a row, that'd be 3500 calories, you're burning a pound of fat a week. So you burn in 2500 each day, which is fucking light work. It's nothing. But you can do that without even trying. Right, boom, you see, do it every day, man. You want 3500 calories, you have burn a pound of fat. And here's the thing. These fitness tracker is none of them or 100% accurate. You might have to make adjustments. All right, let's say you do all this on paper. It says that you should have burned a pound of feet and you don't. And you might have to up the amount of calories you burn. And they make the adjustment. And calibrated based off your fitness tracker. But we just wanna make sure we're in a range and then we can adjust accordingly based off the data. But here's where people fuck up. They say man, you know, I follow my DE good most days. And when that's what it, here's what it's like, most days. Let's say you a good on day one. And even day two, but then day three, you know, you was like, oh man, I ate good two days. And for one day, we weren't hurt. Everything in moderation, one day we weren't hurt. Oh, then this day, this is Friday. So maybe you have to work. Maybe you go to the function. You have some extra sweets or some candies and cakes and shit. And then it's the weekend. Maybe you go out again on the weekend. And it's Sunday, maybe it's your kids birthday party or some shit. You don't know how I could have somebody to cake. You ate good some days. You're still ended up doing nothing. You still used to looking at how many calories you burn. Zero total, right? Because you were over, you were, you were, you know, a surplus, a surplus some days. You were in a deficit some days. So you ended up accomplishing nothing. It sucks to be inconsistent. Because you end up accomplishing that you do just enough to fail if you're inconsistent. You gotta be consistent with this shit. I have a tracker in here. Right? It's a notion template. This 100% free is called the Victory Vision Planner. And you can actually start mapping this shit out the way I just did, but it's a little more advanced than what I did just now. And this 100% free. The third thing you need to do is you need to get one gram of protein per pound a body weight. I know your favorite YouTuber said, man, you only need that much fucking protein. You only need 0.8 grams per pound a body weight. That's what the study said. And that's where your favorite YouTuber got that shit from. But here's the thing, those studies were done in control and environments. We live in the real world. The most focused in the studies, they was drinking out of beakers and shit. Muffins with lab coats were given in the food. We live in the real world. And in the real world, the FDA allows food labels to be off by 20%. In either direction, you get a fucking bar sum and it says 10 grams of protein. Legally, it might be fucking 12. It might be 8. You don't know, because they're allowed to be off by 20%. Hey, let's just make up for that 20% by overshooting it and doing one gram protein per pound a body weight. And there's a few advantages to this. One, you'll be able to maintain more muscle when you're cutting. If you're in the chloro deficit, if you're in the chloroecropylase, you're trying to put on muscle, you'll be able to put on more muscle, high protein decreases hunger. So it's easier to stick to your diet if you're trying to cut. The one gram protein per pound a body weight. Free habitat tracker that I gave you, right? You can actually put in how much protein you can each day. The next habit that I used to stay lean to burn more calories throughout the day, I rarely do dedicated cardio sessions anymore. I used to do them a lot when I was younger. Even when I'm cutting, I'm all about earning more calories throughout the day. And what if I look like so, I'll do more walking. Walking is one of my favorite forms of cardio. You know, if I need to go somewhere, I'll walk instead of drive and or get it over. If it's walking distance, also, I have a desk bike or a bike. I have multiple bikes in the house. And I'll work while I'm cycling on it. Or I'll read on it. Or you can play games on the diet. Getting into the window switch. But I'm on the diet, pedaling while I'm doing this where I burn more calories throughout the day. So sometimes, do we days while I have multiple meetings and most of my meetings on Zoom? And I'll be on the bike for hours. But like, I'm pedaling slowly, not enough for us like affecting my breath, but that adds up. And this is how sometimes I'll end up burning or a thousand calories total of that day. If you don't have a diet, you can just walk more. I take the stairs when you go places. You're sometimes when I'm with my son. I'll make sure that when he's running around, I'm running around with him. I'm not one of these fat dads sitting down on the bench or the kids play. I'm getting it in. I'm chasing them up because around, I take my son to the trampoline park. And I would like now we need two pair of socks. Just about to go down. Also, I'm tracking how many calories I burn each day. You can use your kids to get him better shape, right kids want to run around and play and do fucking fun shit, do it with them. If you got a girlfriend or wife, you can go and walk with your wife. You can have sex with your wife don't let her get on top. Now you burn in calories and improving your relationship. It's a win win. Find ways to burn cows who have to, if you do this right, you might not need dedicated cardio sessions, like I rarely have a dedicated cardio session anymore. Because I'm just burning calories throughout the day. The next thing you need to do, this is one of the most important ones. Stay away from sugar. Everyone wants to know why I'm up for this, say some shit to me like man, you know, do you ever eat candy or cake? Some like what the fuck did you just call me a bitch? No, I'm in a dog mail. I do not eat candies and cakes. I thought that was normal, but I found out recently that a lot of you men are here eating candies and cakes. There's multiple reasons why sugar is bad for you. In all forms. But for little natural sugar, now I said this bad for you two. Sugar leads to energy crashes and sedictive. You can eat sugar as long as you're in glory deficit, you'll still lose fat. Yeah, I know fucking nerd. But the problem is it's more difficult to stay in a caloric deficit when your e-consuming sugar. Tons of study showed that sugar is addictive. And there's a study done by Stanford University said it's sugar is as addictive as a lot of class in our kinetics. So yeah, you can lose weight and still eat sugar, but it's gonna be more difficult to be in a caloric deficit if you're eating sugar. Why are you making it more difficult than it needs to be? The only form of sugar you can eat is if you eat whole fruit. Not fruit juice, but whole fruits, because whole fruits have fiber inside of it that actually mitigates a lot of the effects, the negative ramifications of sugar. If you're drinking fruit juice, it's concentrated sugar and they throw out the best part of the fruit, which is the fiber and it's just concentrated sugar. And make no mistake. The sugar molecule in fruit is the same molecule as table sugar. There's really no difference. But the difference when you're eating whole fruit, that's okay because it has so much fiber. Juice is a scam. I'm on keto and I even eat berry sometimes. I eat berries almost every day because you can eat berries on keto. The studies that show the sugar leads to depression. And people who consume more sugar have higher rates of depression. People who consume more sugar have higher symptoms of anxiety and stress and depression. This is a big study that was done. And sugar decreases cognitive functions. Here's the study shows that impact of sugars on cognitive functions, but it makes you fucking stupider and impacts your intelligence in a negative fashion. Sugar increases the age and process. It increases the rate of cellular aging. So basically you wanna look older faster because your cells are aging faster when you consume sugar. I'll be 43 this year, but I probably look younger than most of you my fuckers. One cause I ain't as fat as you. But also, I don't remember the last I'm last on my last on my last sugar. It might have been two years ago. My last T-day was about two years ago. I've been keto for like eight years. Sometimes people ask me how I'm gonna bring it. What's your skin routine? I think mega. If you struggle with acne, you need to stop being a sugar. Tons of studies is showed at sugar, impacts acne negatively. And when people cut sugar out of their diet, their skin just clear up. It's a home where your skin is an organ. So what you put in your body is gonna affect your organs and one of them is your skin. Listen, sugar is just fucking bad. You need to really stay away from that shit. I have a whole video on sugar. You can go watch that now if you want because you're probably fucking your whole shit up. All right.