Listen, I'm about to bring in a young fellow who he knows a lot about making money online Because I know a lot of other kids, but man, I'm making money online Young and poor Yeah, I live in a puddle and I live with my mom and I'm 18 and I get some bread I ain't no with the tell you I'll fuck this man But that's why I brought in the home He was he used to just comment on my videos. He was like 16 years old or something like that He's a cop comment on my videos all the time and we know who he was And kept saying no splash in he called him to splash me and we thought that was funny And then I did a Vent in Toronto a fact it was a it was a world tour and one of the stops was Toronto right and And he showed up he said yo, I'm splash man. I'm like yo, you're not a man you were key And I was like I know, but I'm called splash man and then what happened was you know He just seemed like a cool kid. You know, and I we kept in touch and you know I kind of mentored him as he was building one of his first businesses He got that business to like 10k per month in high school. He bought his mama house He'd be buying houses at 21 at 21 he bought his mama house man come on. How is he now? I'm 24 24. Yeah How many employees you got? Now almost like 15 just for one bit one of the business 15 for one of his business. He out here ball And he's shot calling me a splash man We need to do your help man because some of these young buff fuckers was asking you how I can somebody see somebody's money That's what I'm here. That's why you hear me. So he was in town with like splash me help these motherfuckers out I actually not even born in Canada. I know you know said you know from Canada. I was born in A village in a country called Nepal. Oh, yeah, that's where the surface is grown exactly Exactly exactly so I was born in Nepal came to Canada when I was like eight to nine years old And growing up you know Pretty average just like any immigrant family My parents were working jobs. I just wanted to get good grades to impress them, but Towards high school, you know, I started getting this feeling like I don't know what to do it. I want to make money now because we're broke Not feel that and It was actually all through you, you know first I found out your videos through Just because I want to get in the best shape Right, you did help me do that. You know I got abs at high school because of brandy car Yep, and then you started making And he started making videos About business Marketing and then I started just watching those as well. And when you had your world tour Not a man Yeah world tour world tour in Toronto like that's when I learned about like funnels Copyright funny actually story. I remember you asked my friend decide me what is copywriting and he said oh, yeah Music copywriting. Yeah, I'm like, you know, we all laughed at him. Yeah But um From that event, you know, I just stuck to this online marketing world just followed what you were showing And then then I first got into drop shipping. That's how I made my first dollar online. I'm really up Exactly. I was you know, I was doing drop shipping then, but it was very inconsistent, you know Because at the end of the day, I'm selling garbage products to old people Yeah, you still have Chinese bullshit the old people all literally are my drop shipping business was successful Then we actually sort of print on demand because I had it with the suit. Yeah, because you were talking about it About print on demand how you can start a brand without like you know having inventory I was like this is perfect so me and my friend started a clothing brand in high school and then the first month with me 5,000 told you about it and you're like, yeah, let me show you ads Showed us how to do ads in the next month literally with a $10,000 Moment while in high school, you know I'm saying this is like while I was still going to school every day Yeah, and again, and that's how I actually got the skill of email marketing, you know We're another thing I skipped over is the dinner after the event in Toronto. That's where that's when I learned about Claibio's a CRM this you specifically for Shopify stores it in commerce right they're the best for We don't pay it nothing. I'll take the money But like they don't pay us they got the money now. This is the best get it just when public right yeah And for context like our whole business we use Clevia for all of our clients So that is a very significant moment, right? Like you literally showed it. Yeah, you literally showed us Clevio. Thanks You're literally and the second part where you help was when we had a red zone client You told me to set up their emails and I had you know good knowledge, but you really like kind of Don't deep and showed me exactly how to do email marketing you showed me how you're doing email marketing for bro laboratories Right, so I had the skill of email marketing because I learned that through you I had this skill Because I've learned from you doing all these things on the side and the opportunity came where someone I knew was making like $15,000 a day selling you know selling BS products Johnny's drop shipping Chinese products course, but I was a broke high school kid on like you know Let me let me get a little bit of this money as well with them, you know, so I was so broke out of taking like three $400 but he was making so much money on like you know give me $2,000. I'll set up your emails. Oh He didn't if he was make them like with no email no people know though a the email still makes money He can he agreed to pay me $2,000 for you know the writing that emails I was like on top of the world because I'm like that, you know this is a lot of money from me at that time Yeah, but another thing happened that month. I made them like you know almost $12,000 To what the extra dollars exactly nice and to me it was like a lightball switch went in my head because you know With drop shipping it's a win-lose situation Yes, I win because I make money, but like my customers are getting a garbage product But with this I get paid and I was able to help to make more money There's a win-win situation and you know again taking all the knowledge I've gone from you I started branding myself as the email guys started talking with the importance of emails to all the young guys that were doing e-commerce drop shipping And then that's obviously why business was just going to e-commerce guys and drop shipping guys Yeah, and saying hey, how will do your emails for you because I know you're not doing it You know what I mean because they're so focused on like you said all the fancy things really Add the social media all that but I'm like no, no email this as so I was like one of the first guys in the space I tell everyone you like do email marketing I still have videos from you know six years ago You know he taught them about email marketing and the importance of it because I learned from you You know that's how I grab granted myself as the email guy because I knew the importance of email That's because I listen and now you got a thrive in business doing big numbers Over 15 employees and a 24 Yes, 24 you know that's because all based off email marketing all of email marketing now because and because You do email for so many business. You know a lot of different ways for these young kids to make Resign let's just break some of them down, man for sure I would even prefaces by saying that there are so many online opportunities out nowadays that I think the ones that do the best Or the ones that just focus on one Yeah, because that's you probably see this all the time all the time right one month They want to do this and the next month. They want to hop into something else So I would prefaces by saying like there are so many online opportunities just focus on one But you can do it anything anything I know guys is a fucking multimedia air roofer I don't even know roofing is I never lived a house right? Yeah here roofing shit Like man money Yeah, I'm dead and Literally anything anything I think that dumb is shit make money because they focused on it It will hard you know so you don't have to worry about what's the best you got this When you put pick the thing that that you want to do Stay focused on that see people switching all the time or we're trying to do like 18 things simultaneously That's the shit that never works never never never never Yeah, and I'll say like I've the first thing and you know this really so what I do is just like writing right? It's a copy writing. All right, so Yeah, it's pretty damn Like if you actually look at fundamentally a lot of things that you do everything is copy right? So like let's say when you're making short from content someone has to script that out those words They're a copy landing page those words are copy email copy Right, so I think if you focus on copy writing learning how to use words to sell items We're also take any action that need to take whether it be book and call, you know whatever it may be like that is a skill I think that's why I want to know the number one skill Learned a lot from you like you know you're one of the best copywriters. I know thank you. Thank you I agree I agree I believe My content brand but basically like the way I think about his writing words that convince people to take actions or More importantly to make purchases. Yeah, yeah email is just one avenue. Yeah, but like I said everything is copyright sales pages websites webinars webinar ESLs everything is copy at the end of the day. It's all words Either you speak it out or you read it. It's all words. So I think that's if that is the number one opportunity I'm there man. So how do you make money copyrighted? I would first you need to learn the skill of copywriting Okay, learn to learn the skill of copywriting how how does somebody go about that? There's two ways right one we live in the information age so you can really find everything online Yeah, you can learn how to copy like I mean I learned a lot just you know watching YouTube videos courses But I think the short way to shortcut the success what I did get a mentor yeah get a mentor you know Get a mentor someone that's already successful in copywriting or email marketing and learn from them. Yeah, right? Hey, you know, dude somebody's thinking the thing in AI can do it. That should is not good enough yet I'll tell you they are not they are not they are yet like I would not use AI to write my copy It's not good enough. Yeah, I actually had a video on this other day talking about you know AI will replace the mediocre copywriters Yeah, but you still need like someone still needs to yeah, just a tool at the end of the day, right? Someone's still so understanding is that good copy? Yeah, you got to know it's good. You had to be good exactly. How do you know it's the it's sky net or whatever is it's shoot now the good shit or not? If you know if you're not good enough yet I'm I'm to say that somebody who's made millions of dollars writing copy There's no AI software or AI model that they can replace a top to your copywriter Right now right now, but if they don't when does they don't have a mentor how how would they learn? I was just me too you too and they but they like until you find someone right you got to seek this person out like 100% Find them other fucking you know try things and feel I think that's another advice I would give to anyone just starting out is like that's what I did I would I mean at one point I was gonna do online training when I was at high school You know, it's like I'll just doing anything and everything until something stuck So but for copywriting, yes, just learn it for now next I would say it's finding a niche right finding a niche You can serve so For me the reason I chose e-commerce was because it was a low hanging fruit I'd already done drop shipping right I'd already knew people in that space right so it's for you to like this Okay, are that is there a niche? I'm already passionate about is there it so you you're niche is you help e-commerce people make money with email copy right when so this is different kind of the copy Right that's an importance of having a niche just when we talked about earlier. It's like He doesn't write any kind of copy for any person right he has he's specializes in one type Of one type of copy for one type of business order and that's all he does Somebody axon the zay can you write a webinar for me? I can but I won't right because I have no what I do You don't say it's the focus and I think Because now like there's not much competition if you just said your copywriter is tons of competition to anything But you specialize in one thing in the period is is when you specialize in something You have a bunch of testimonials from people who look like you're target market after after a certain amount of time Right, so now if somebody is if if a e-commerce person What's the main money with email? They're going around interviewing copywriters. What are you going to have the guy who has copywriter? Even if it's a good typewriter, but he has testimonials from all different kinds of people doing all different kinds of things or the one guy who's who always says the money is are people just like him Who what results the exact same way he gives it for all this testimony right you you built it built Focus on what on a niche builds a moat at that week after time it builds a load already now Is difficult to compete with you in this space now? Nobody has more e-commerce clients It made money with email like I don't know a to see owner who has that right so now that because he has so many testimonials net It's built on boat around his business. Mm-hmm. You taught me that you know the riches are in the niches riches in the niches Bitch that's niches gets stitches money your obitious Yard yeah Same shit. I was oddly there's a reason at all around. That's how that's got a guy work But I would say yeah focus on a niche One niche just stick to that you know one service and one niche. I remember that's where you always told me when I had started it is like that's And you were right people were literally chasing to work with me did because I was one of the only solutions in the market I was in all the only guys doing emails for e-commerce so I didn't even have to go out and beg for clients like last for coming to where's me? Yeah, that's the beauty of it exactly. That's the beauty of it. All right So finding the learn skill and finding each that as does dope how did it mark how would they mark it themselves? I think the best way is Personal branding Yeah, tell me more about that Putting yourself out there like you know I think a lot of people overcomplicate personal branding like you're saying earlier they think that they need to do tick-dog dances with their wives in order to build a personal brand But no a personal brand is just you putting yourself out there talking about your expertise Yeah, you're good at you know, yeah, and in the beginning again You're not gonna be the best so you probably not gonna be out here like preaching to people But even if you were to just document what you're doing right and like just practice like you're Ensuring what you've been practicing and just building out your portfolio through that like just getting getting in front of people Like that that is how you would sign clients. I think again personal branding. It is a slow build But I will also say skilling up is a slow build as well. Yeah, right? So do it together and I would start to answer that I would do some work for free Grim for people If you can't sit in it so you can use them as testimonials Right because nobody's gonna pay you if you ain't gather results But they'll take a chance on you for free somebody was like a chance on you for free Right and then once you have a test the money you're from him you can use that test the money To get paying client. I saved it. We teach you all not to our online training students People would just start it in no experience like I mean we got some call the testimonial harvest I break you down. I don't even know but you trade some people for free for a month get them results And then use those testimonials to go get paying clients But you also act to testimonial clients that you get a results Hey, you want to keep getting these results. Go cost you now There's a kind of leverage now. Yeah, man. It's kind of you know, it's all tactic I learned on the south side. You know the first one is free Give me the first one free then they got our coming back with some more. You know what's the good thing? I think it'll take a little taste Yeah, you know when I first started I mean I did a lot of work with you They can get a taste. I go here. I'm sorry. What did you say? Yeah, I was saying you know when I first started I did a lot of free work exactly for for the testimonials We did you do a lot of free we did a lot of things for you as well, you know and so I could go up to other brands and people I'm like hey look I've worked with Brandon Carter, you know and that definitely helped me a lot I get that a lot I actually do get that a lot more than you would think I do get that a lot actually that No, that reaction is Yes, no, Brandon Carter They start DJ They start DJ lad. It's not a lot of you taking it for me But yeah, no, you know doing free work of one you get a case study It'll for second you get to practice your skill because you can watch all the videos all the courses read all the books But until you actually do it you're not gonna get better at it and even though I mean even when we were you know I was inserting for you like I would just like break down good copy I remember like I'll even sit down with you and I remember I think I was making some of the landing pages for The 30 day keto challenge I believe is calling and you know you like you would I would write it and you would come to me Like you know you would show me a kid where I can improve I remember something you said is like it's more art than science That was like that when you said you know like and then having your flow of anyways, but literally work for free So you can get the experience but also the case study which you can go ahead and leverage when you do talk to people Yeah, you know that that's I think that's super k-o I'm gonna put that on a case study study study's free work cool I would what was the next hustle these these kids can get into me? I think one of the biggest things right now We'll be content To remember that so content management so I think there's a lot involved in that right if you know how to edit videos if you know how to Again like create make videos make like short form long form videos I'm I'm starting to believe it these things I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a guest that is gonna be the thing exact same steps no matter the skill you choose or the avenue That is that is the formula that's the formula really is simple a lot of people over complicated But it's really that simple. I was actually gonna say that is the same steps you gotta take So when you say fine the niche you could you say and you could be like an example for content manager You could focus on short form like my boy a rhyme Ryan again. He focuses on all short Compt short Flon content right so he became like known for it. He had a lot of like big name fly some of my case sake as he had in the days and I want to get him soon But the one that can't say is he where he does count all the gray card on short short form content He did the majority of mine like like 99% of it you know the chosen niche you showed the mec that's the gorgeous So the niche person built a personal brand around it It was just a video guy I don't know if he'd have a million dollar content agency 100% he was just doing video because he focused on short form vertical video Right he focused on it and then he'd like another thing behind the niches That I didn't talk about them. I forgot is not only do all your testimonies look the same which is good right but also It's you learn shit about About it that someone who's dabbling in just wouldn't know You're saying like you know shit about email That you probably can't find in the book Right I know shit about online training that No one's wrote a book about it. You know like yeah, and I know shit about training because I focused on Back when I was online trainer I focused on training people with keto. I know problems They're gonna run into that aren't in a book I remember saying that they wouldn't like you get a different kind of domain expertise as well So you actually become better because you want to learn everything you just have to master one thing Right what personally say man. I don't fear the guy who learned a thousand kicks I fear the guy who practice at one kick a thousand times or some shit like that to something to that effect I'll fear the man who knows that thousand kicks. I fear the man who kick you with a thousand holes or some shit on it But it's somewhere around that some of those lines right right? I'm sorry, but it's the same thing content management Yeah, and like you said you know short form is one but I'll even if you don't edit I know people that are just YouTube strategies People that just go up to people and just give them strategy make this type of video Add this you know what I mean like you don't even have to be good at video editing because people are looking for these kind of people Yeah, or the other one would be like posting You'd be surprised like you know like we just need people to just see what the trends are and just post something similar with the assets that you give them You know like social media manager or like content manager You know I'm saying so it isn't all it when it comes to content magic isn't it have to be like oh You editing videos to me some examples of kind of the man just those who we got short form video would else right long form Law form video you said you said Strategies you two strategies You do I've seen you just out of just right same with my soul and no someone that makes millions just writing Vs Yeah, for sure right just focusing on one specific one man. I'm telling you I also know guys that all they do is just find industry trends find the next trending audio and just make videos like literally You like God even thought like b-roll videos really we just the trending audio on every good money Just try to see okay, what's trending right now? Okay, so memes it or even memes that's a huge one. Oh me marketing I'm seeing that a lot more weird starting to do a lot more of that as well But we literally I have literally one of the responsibilities for one of my team members just to make memes Because they co-vah her yeah, I know guys who weren't mean pages And they made and they make money. You'd like with the shoutouts All right, I know a lot of people one of my boys man a millionaire mentor that that page right like Jason Stone He'd let you survive next door, but he moves somewhere to you know But he he made millions off of he just came he did one He Instagram page he had a few others right, but he the main one Instagram page million immense or and he Had a niche it was focusing on like at the entrepreneur space and I kind of think he made He posted like memes and shit about it for lack of a better term and then people would pay him For shoutouts on that page and he made millions donation like there's like a lot of different And then actually I would say like you know to tie copywriting and content management I know people that make a lot of money just goes writing for people on Twitter Yeah writing articles just goes writing on to it like there's some people online that literally don't write their own tweets I'll next I would say I'll say sales But I was hoping you wanted to 10% He read 100% that was sales. There's there's a lot you know that there is I think I think before I you know It was just like closing, but now we even got like a appointment setting. Yeah, I know a lot of kids that make money good money Just hoping on people's DMs the setting appointments. Yeah, you know learning the skill of just sales through DMs began with or even just doing qualifying calls. I had a friend with a whole agency Where he would do the DM sales for people Mm-hmm. You're right, you know, I don't think he has it anymore, but at one point yet Yeah, it was it did well make like seven figures. You know, right? You know, just DM sales or like that of biggest ways in empathy is in is even do like real sales like Talk to a person either on zoom or in person high ticket calls and high ticket closing You're making a lot of money doing that. You know, it was hundred and ten percent and I think that is I mean I learned that skill off of you. I remember in 2018 when I was in New York whenever you had sales calls Yeah, I would you just you know telling me coming to the room It's just listen to this stuff me, right like and also mess that at work Yeah And to show how good of a teacher is at a mentor, you know like I grew up one of the shyest kids like being scared to you know Raise my hand or even call my school for orientation they use a bitch Straight up a fuck with you. No, no, but that man's true though joke Go He's in cool to me. I'll just fucking right. I You know, way he is right, you know a bitch. I'm saying, but you you kind of broke me out the show to a point where I'm like closing thousands of dollars Over the phone come on man, you know in a matter of months just because you know like I learned from you But that is one of the greatest cuz I mean I think every everyone should have that's like here's the thing You're gonna be doing no matter what you know No matter what you do the yeah, I have to sell people to do it right you got the sale because this is all this shit is Be the beat everything we talk about is is being I mean business to business, right? So you have to sell business owners on this shit and so capacity With you do straight up sales for someone else or if you do one of these other things you're gonna have to do sales for this job I'm a quick story on this actually so when I started my first, you know SMMA or marketing agency He'd one I spent months designing website doing all the wrong things but avoiding sales You can imagine that business that'll work out no because I'm not focusing on the thing that matters No matter what skill you choose at the end of the day you know you need to learn how to sell or if you need To know how to sell if you know many sales. You don't have a business Yeah, you're gonna hobby all right and remember it's the same tactics, you know learn to skill by you know Getting it into a mentor studying and even courses whatever Like for me and I was trying to learn to skill when I'm trying to master skill I do everything mentors courses books Like I I leave no stone on turn. I might you know just certain skills that I've learned and I would get like 3 to 4 courses read like 4 5 books on the subject and get a few mentors, right? And I'm not I'm fucking around trying to learn this shit. I'm a learned it or die trying You feel me so you want to take that same kind of approach and I'm not saying that I don't get I got I got them to say However when I will put out a free sales course when the victory unit discord gets over 20,000 Victor natives you know say what's it get there don't be free in you know I've done you know a few million dollars and some million sales you know I built eight figure sales team and I've helped other people Bill sales teams too. I would say another one that is on the rise Speaking of victory in this community management. Oh, tell me more about that now we're seeing you know We're seeing more people build communities and leverage communities to sell their products But just you know having audience at one area because you never know where a social media Platform might strip in up might start tripping out and bang you right here So you need like a lot of people are creating like you have it on discord if you have it on school face Whatever there needs to be someone they're managing that community They make sure it's vibrant, you know exactly making sure you know people are getting their questions That's no one is spammy no one is promoting That is actually a huge opportunity right now the haters You know that because that happens for sure. Oh, no, I've seen that first hand You know, you need someone to do that and and also keep keep the the community fresh and You've content you know Find ways to make it in gaze engaging make sure it's popping. You know like you get people excited, you know for sure Exactly, so I think that is and same steps of life for that as well the next one will be like a virtual operator What yes, I just made it up today. Okay. I like it because You know I have a virtual operator technically. I met him, you know, broaden to Miami You need like a like a like a like a C. Oh, oh, type yeah, Boba virtual because And there's a I've realized especially with a lot of young entrepreneurs are people that make money They don't nothing about this is different than a VA like a virtual assistant Yes, but I think this is specific to like just operating with certain's like learning some of these more but more of a more of a more of a Like a like it's cheap operating Yeah, more of an operator Yeah, more of an operator and you probably want to hire someone that's diligent so not someone from Philippines You know the humbines in the US Yeah, no, no disrespect the Filipino adding it Yeah, no disrespect you know, I had a lot of us, you know But some talking to a lot of young entrepreneurs. I realized like these these guys don't like have a business like A lot of them are just hustlers. It is tough. You know what I'm saying? I'm like show me your business to like like I use Slack Yeah, I'm like like you know I'm saying like yeah, if somebody there like actually running all the The operations that if you see this person runs the operations that you'd be right keep everybody Yeah, I think if you learn like and all you need to do is learn certain softwares That exists out there the zepheres the notions Right and build systems make the person that you're working for make their life easier Organize you know what I mean and you again. I'm saying I'm telling you I've talked some you'll be surprised I'll make these guys don't even know don't even have a CRM They're doing you know they're trying to get leaves. They're trying to sell people off their Instagram They're getting all these leaves. They don't even have a CRM they can go to you know Amber right this 100% this guy for me right, you know, and she had a business where she can't get did this with me Like I'm the only person she works with now, you know, but like she can't get runs the business You know like like as far as on an operations standpoint like I make like a lot of the big decisions and I do so put if I got to do something It's gonna take a long time Amber if his Amber's test is gonna happen like immediately You know 100% and you need a you know you need a visionary in the business which would be you Yeah, you need the operator this is what's about that? It's called a rocket field And it talks about how like a lot of like big businesses started with two people for example Walt Disney we know about Walt Disney. He was like the visionary. He had the big plans and ideas And he was like a face at a business, but his brother was really running shit. No, I'll be Roy Disney was running the show But did he was like the face of it right you know saying you see this with The jobs he jobs in visionary, but why's was doing like a lot of the other shit, you know and then even Bill Gates, you know, but he still had the other do The bomber yeah, I did the do who went Paul and Paul Allen and Paul got rich And that even being a fake, but he was doing he was like more of the operator right I was I was young I was in grand came in swimming with the Sting race kicking it with him, you know Regulish it you know came in island sting ratio I was on what came in out of sting ratio and then um this guy It been the this guy was like oh you brand and Carter you know like yeah This must be a big moment for you and he was like yeah, yeah, what's up man? I was like I was like then I seen a boat and I was like damn and I ain't no cruise ships came over here Me with the fuck I thought that I thought I was on some private exclusive baller she said now I'm man It's not a cruise ship. That's Paul that was boat It was that big It was big as one of those cruise ships out there. So you know you could make a lot of money being an Operator you know right business, you know I think I learned that off you as well You don't have to be an entrepreneur or like you know like the guy you know to make a Yeah, you know I'm saying like if you help someone is already making money help them be more organized And help to make more money you will be as good you know I'm so sure and there's a lot of people in the world where that role fits them better than trying to be an entrepreneur because Not everyone could be an entrepreneur That's something I've learned just going through this and just you're seeing so many people's journeys like not everyone's meant to be an all and that everybody's a star Either right like you know for some of it is that you gotta be to be the visionary you gotta be the front that everybody can be You know Bays old or something there's a lot of other motherfuckers in Amazon who like run shit like basically handling data They you let him see on them And you had one one that's unique and what I call is just like selling your own skills that you already have right So I'll give you an example. So I know someone that graduated doing event planning Right and they work at an event planning company But I know for sure they can transition their business online and just a different niche And just take it on that you know I'm saying this is all the benefits of running being a freelancer instead of working a job Be a freelancer right to different people that need your services or your expertise Do you mean example what you said so you got I'm out If I'm planning is one another one would be bookkeeper. You know, yeah instead of working out an accounting for me You can just have four or five different just individual clients as a freelancer and just help them with their books Help them get more organized with their financing and you know, I mean, you know This is kind of all a version that if you think about it really that's what I did right I looked at the skills I already had was the lowest hanging fruit. Okay. I already know how to do email marketing And he shy no is e-commerce so I'm just gonna stick to that right, but I can I There's so many other things like you know, if you have the skill and there's so many things you know There's like You know that's that was me. I was a personal trainer All right, so I just started training people online. I did the same shit You're to skill because I was a trainer for like years before the internet was been it and I And then I then I focused on a niche right, you know, I wanted to help Young men get ripped Pulse help young men right. Yeah, I built my personal brand I was the first case study right so like it can be you you know And then I started training people. It's like I follow the same steps you do that with anything anything Anything that you're good at that people there's a demand I'll say they need to be a demand is me right the man for it I noticed people who fucking will will treat will coach you on like smash bros You and get a bug and smash bros coach right you play you I'm getting his eyes the man there in it for that, but it is a thing You know, I felt like my girl used to beat me in smash bros and I'm like knock and I can't at this Okay, I can't it is I I got I got to be king in my castle. Yeah, I did I did not get to get a coach I'll be your ass like right now It's mad broke Don't clip that I'll be the rest right now. Yeah, you know, they know did he? You have to end but I'll put her on it, but she starts talking crazy. I was like grab the controller Yeah, grab the controller. We're gonna handle this on the platforms This is super helpful We're gonna find out more information about this all my Instagram, you know splash BJ on Instagram It follow me DM me You