From us, we come from a competent standpoint. For them, they have a bunch of weird arbitrary ways that they compete, and it typically has to do it looks. The average chick isn't going to give a shit. Like they're more concerned with who's the prettiest. That's how women compete for their mating partners versus. Like when we compete with success, they compete with youth and beauty. Say to God, one of the five foot opportunity. Maybe like the seven traits this guy would have to acquire. In order to be able to be in the game, have a better result with women. I think there was a four or five things that I say that guys need to have in place before they get married. But this applies also to like getting a girlfriend. Yeah, because all of the girlfriend processes is basically a chicken training. I say before serious relationship, at least 35, they again, six figures a year, 100. Have six months to a year of saving somewhere. Okay, Indigim, have had sex with 51 men. Actually be smart, know some things. Yeah, be a good speaker. If you could speak well and you got a good command on the English language, number one, it demonstrates status of shows competence. When you're able to speak well, you come off as very short yourself, which is very attractive to women. And it gives you a little uppop, as they're like, yeah, they're trying better than you. What I realize is much as women sit there say 50, 50, and a half and a half, and we're gonna be partners in shit, they don't want none of that, bro. It's all the way. They just wanna do it, that's better than everything. That can just tell them what it is. I think your ability to articulate yourself and have a good vernacular is important. My girl wants to say that men fall in love with their eyes, women fall in love with the ears. Absolutely, you know. And having a good command on the English language is good. Like, you know, when people say, oh, you have game, it's not what you say. It's how you say it. If I take two different scenarios, and in one scenario guy walks up like, you dumb bitch, she might be really offended by that. Golly, John shit, but then you go in with another guy, oh yeah, you dumb bitch. Tom, you're so funny, right? The way women interpret information is they interpret the way it said and who was saying it. Yeah. They care way more about that than the actual content of the information versus us, what's the content of the information? We don't really care too much about how it's conveyed or who can vase it unless like, especially if that individual is doing better than us. But with women, they don't have the same hierarchy structure like we do. Like you can example, there's like 10 girls, right, in a room, Oprah walks in. Yeah, they'll kind of be like, oh, this is impressive. But the reality is who it commands the most status in room, the hottest girl. No one gives a fuck that whole person down here. Right versus for us is the other way around. A successful guy walks in, right, worth a bunch of money. Automatically, it's gonna be a pecking order in that room. Right. You know, automatically, it's similar to some, it's a hierarchy because they know, okay, this guy has done something right. Obviously, successful. We're gonna almost defer authority 10 to a degree. So what I've noticed from men is like, they're able to delineate this way easier than women do because from us, we come from a competition standpoint. For them, they have a bunch of weird arbitrary ways that they compete and it typically has to do with looks. Yeah. So Oprah holds no real value like to amongst other women. But I find it hard to comprehend, right? Because I'm a man right, starving me to think like that if it's like, if a billionaire, I don't care who it is. Me, I'm thinking like, oh, just motherfuckers have done some shit. I mean, I'm that thing which is saying is wrong. He says it's hard for me to even wrap my mind around that that thought process. Yeah. Of course, I'm talking about like the average woman, right? Are there some women out there that I am vicious and business minded where they would have that same level of appreciation? Absolutely. Yeah. But the average chick isn't going to give a shit. Like they're more concerned with who's the prettiest. That's how women compete for their mating partners versus like, man, we compete with success. They compete with youth in duty. So you said the first one was over 35. Well, what'd you say over 35? Okay. So the reason why I said over 35, because at this point, you have some life experience. You've been through some shit. Hopefully you've suffered enough. I do think suffering is something that we don't put enough emphasis on over our male journey. And you should be in a position where your financial is secure to this some degree. Like, okay, it's just so 35. Okay. So basically you've had enough experience. Yeah, that's a big one. Like having enough experience because in an ideal situation where you got to grow, you need to be the leader and almost be like her captain. A good captain doesn't determine by how we can move the ship. He's determined by how many void is this successfully. You know, okay, a barque bond and come back from. So that's why I think it's important to have to never find them. For me, and there's some things that can only come with age and experience. What was the second one? I'm making six figures here. 600,000, I would say. Okay. It could be done. If you live in United States or any, you know, first world country, it can be done man. Yes. Six figures is absolutely doable for almost anybody, right? And you can do it with low skill labor jobs. Bro, I did it in the fucking during the recession. So you did it at worst time after my father killed himself, right? And you know, I just broke the bunch of jobs. Nobody was hiring. I had a college degree record unemployment, record layoffs, four GM was going out of business. So I was like, all right, man, we're from moving company. That worked security. It was awful. But I did this year for two years. You know, because I had to take care of my family. And I think it's very important for me to say like, somebody will might say, oh, my, and you're at a touch of reality. You will do everything between me and a lot of these influencers. I worked a real job before this year. Yeah. So when I was working for the government, I made roughly like 120,000 hours a year. And then obviously I worked with you. Yeah. Shout out to Brandon Masley. And I had to start my fitness business. I scaled that up to, you know, 120K a year. So I had this job, right, which I was extremely invested in extremely busy with at the time, funny enough. When I met you, I had one of the top cases in the country. The NASA security case. Yeah. I had to do with Canada and Sri Lanka and some shell like that. And I got a word for that case. So I was like really invested in my work. But I still was able to run a side business and scale that up to six figures. So if I could do it with our full-time job, you can do it too. And you don't have to necessarily have to agree. Now what that said, if you're not a skilled individual, you're going to have to make up with that through time. Right. And that's going to suck. And a lot of people don't want to be able to give up their sports and their beer and, you know, weekend bullshit. What was that like for you? Because you had prestigious job, but you also built your business sometimes. I was reworking. So for those that are wondering, it's to be a special agent in Homeland Security Investigations. So I did criminal investigations. I started my current Texas and then I came down to the Miami Phil office. Since that job is a very sporadic job where like you're on call, you got to take on car, you're working all hours a day. A typical schedule for me would be, I'd wake up like noon. I'd go to the office. I would do my work, whatever I need to do. I leave six, seven, eight PM. Okay. Come in. Work on my business. Then go back to doing what I was doing with other stuff. Right. Right reports, whatever may be. Depending on what I did that day, if I'd debriefed an informant or talked with a witness or whatever. Because that's what I would typically do go to the office. Because like a lot of the times if you're out, if you're doing shit as an agent, you're not in the office. Like that, you're going to be interviewing people, talking to a form of a sweatout, right? So when I was doing this, I'd do that work first. And then I do the fitness business stuff. And that would take me well into the night. And then I go to sleep and just kind of repeat it. And then like that's kind of how I did. And then on weekends, I days that I wasn't working for the G. I'd catch up a lot there. And thankfully it was all online. So I could communicate with my clients on the phone. Everything was done through an app. So it was pretty streamlined. So how many hours a week was that? With Uncle Sam or with the business total? Oh, you do shit sometimes that you don't even realize this for work. But you think you're off. So like it was 80 hours. Is it like, if I'm going to count all cumulative times because everything I did was like for one of the two. Like so we did for your own office business or for the government. Exactly. And you know what's funny, man? People make YouTube videos. Tell me shit about me because I say, man, if you fucking broke, stop working 80 hours a week. Yeah, that's the thing you can do it. If you plan the entire time, I mean, I didn't know they were working hard. Was this a controversial? I guess people got super soft, you know? No, they're in pathetic. And that's why I always like to tell my story right on to it to like two-month on hornbomb. Like to let people know like, look, I wasn't like one of these influences wherever I had a real fucking job with real responsibility doing real shit, right? Rest in terrorists, no, it's shit. I found the way to do it. You tell them you can't find a fucking way to do it. Bro, no excuses, man. And I was doing it with like a less prestigious shit. So you were doing that and you started your business. Guys, do you want to learn how to start your own life in this business? I got a free ebook called the Ten Commandments of Online Training. And it basically showed you the principles that I taught my room when he was starting his own life in his business and everything. And you know, like the teen thousand other students is free to link to the description. Definitely get in there guys. Like I, you know, you guys probably wouldn't be seeing me right now if I don't work with you in the beginning because that money I made from that business a good amount of that investments were for studio. So I was able to put away a good amount of money. Yeah, to scale up because then I realized, all right. So if I want to get like client acquisition, I need to get on the internet, get on YouTube. And this is obviously before the over saturation of YouTube early 2020 before the pandemic broke you. We, as start getting on YouTube and making videos and stuff and you know, we started to blow up. So that was like really helpful, but I wouldn't have taken that step had I not had the business business and had that incentive to get on YouTube. I remember when you first started, it wasn't fresh and fit. It was unplugged. Yeah, I'm putting it on. It was like the first of the second guess. Yeah, it says so, be over 35. Make six figures. Well, so you gotta do. I have six months to one year of savings. Tell me what that's important. Whenever you have like money saved, right? But you can deploy it into something or whatever, just for better sound of mine. Yeah. And then other things, so it's like you never know what happened. Never know what that's like. You should have something that I've been doing. I've been really members, you know, my cousin died in car accident, right? And then 20k for a funeral, right? And then I remember that brand and like you're just handled everything. Yeah, so this family like don't worry about it. I'm just, but see, that's the thing like that. That's why I so important to have that money because like when push comes to shove, there's gonna be times where people are gonna need help. And you wanna be that guy to be able to say, I got, you know, after my father killed a cell, I thought to myself, I don't know what the amount is. But there isn't amount of money that if I had it, I'd still have a dad. And I had an interesting that you come with that perspective because I've doubt that I would never be in that position again, right? So when my cousin died, you know, it's his daughter was in private school. I'm like, no, I keep her in the school. You're the only guy when he comes now, right? He didn't have life insurance and I, right? So I'm like, I'm not keeping her in school. I got it, you know, like, I'll take you to the bottom of the new playground. I fucking, we got a bunch of gifts for him. You know, I try to be like a father figure. But I ain't know that was gonna happen. Yeah, I'm glad. I'm glad. I'm glad you're a story too, right? So a lot of people criticize me all the time for not talking about what's going on in Sudan, which, you know, I've been vocal about it a bunch of times. But I'll tell this story. My uncle used to work for the omitabashir administration, which, you know, now he's in jail for fucking war crimes and show like that. Oh, so, and this is North Sudan's. And he used to be one country before the Civil War and it got to split up and that's a whole other conversation. Yeah. Loads to resort, anyone that had worked under the Bashir administration, they were looking at kill them. So he needed to get the fuck out of the country. And my parents didn't have the money to get them a flight to Qatar. So they hit me and they say, hey, we need $3,000 to get your uncle out. You know what I mean? They're looking from, they're gonna kill them. I was like, yeah, what the fuck of course is. Whatever, you guys have my card, but I'ma taken get them now out of there. Could you imagine, like, had I not had that money? Bro, his blood would be on my hands. Right. And this is why I saw important guys, like obviously we're giving you guys the most serious situation when you might need that money. But it could be life for death sometimes. Because people are really in a bad spot. And they don't have nowhere to turn. And you might be the person that puts them in a situation where they can avoid dying. Obviously this is an extreme situation. It's a string. But you never know. You never know man. So, you know what's going on this for dinner? And now it's fucking awful. And I've talked about it with the Civil War and how they're fighting amongst each other. Shit's real man. You know, in other parts of the world. And I don't think people understand what it's like to be in America and they don't have an appreciation for our speaking English. Having an American passport, being in the best country in the world, all the opportunity here. People would kill to have that shit. But we're over here complaining. Well, people like workers here. Shut the fuck up, bro. It like lies people have never been anywhere that's actually built and seen people starving and dying. Like I think anyone that has an issue of motivation, all you motherfuckers should go to a dergal country and hang out for a month and realize how good you have it. And we'll come back to America. Christopher fucking floor and never forget when our 15 years old went to Egypt. I spent a couple of months there and it was fucking terrible. Yeah, the guy where people think it's nice. No, Cairo is not sweet. It sucks. Came back to America. I never forgot I fucking kissed the floor at the JFK International. And I said, bro, I had a newfound appreciation for a little bit of a state. But people need that sometimes because people are for reality check, man. Yeah, it's like need to read out. That's why it's important to like in your story, in my story, why it's so important to have that money, man. You never know. If it's win, right? Like the next tragedy is around the corner. Like nobody's life is an unbroken boulevarded green lights. And maybe even not your like maybe a family member. You know, somebody gets sick or somebody needs some hell for something. You know, I think about that a lot. Like if there's no amount of money that if I had it, you know what I'm saying, I still have a dead. That's all the reason why you know what? I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to let that happen again. And that's a big motivation for me. And I've said, yeah. And then I think also the other thing, I think you owe it to your parents to be able to like put them in a position where they could say, I don't want to work anymore. I think that's important to I think, you know, it's your duty as a man to retire your mom. Yeah. So now I've been talking to him on mom for years. She needs to quit her job. She still works here and there, but that's because she gets bored, right? Yeah. Like everyone was like, I was wondering who something. But you know, I tell her like, look, you're not in a position where you need to work. Like you had to. Yeah. That's what's up. So I think that's very important too. Yeah, 100%. So that's the savings comes in. And then obviously the support of woman. And then what was the next one? You said, yeah, so if you're going to shape being a shape, I've been only to talk about that on in there for like the 10 years. But why do you think it's important? You know, I think if, you know, for those that might hate exercise, I think even if you hate exercise, discipline and the skills that it teaches you of, you know, delayed gratification, being disciplined outside of the gym. And another thing too is like, keeps you away from all the bullshit. You're going to be a lot less reluctant to do drugs or drink alcohol if you just busted your ass in the gym earlier that day. So it'll keep you more honest as well. And then you learn these character traits that will take you another parts of life. You know, the reason I became a trainer is because we, you know, when I first got in the fitness, because I used to give a lot of fights and high school music. And I wanted to win fights. So I started working for violence. Like when a lot of people get workout for, for bailing, this is a bitch. I was like, now I want to fight. Yeah, I better want to be more effective. But what I know is like, I got a big idea to need to fight. Yeah, right. You know, predators look for prey. People just don't fuck with you as much. Yep. I remember I went away for a summer and then when that summer worked with a family friend who was a big, a training one of the years old, the best trainer in Chicago, uh, in R.M. Hammond. And uh, he was on the south side. He let me work out with him. You know, he was on a fairer kind, uh, bodyguard. Yeah. He's like, he's nice and cool. And of course he's a geek. And you know, he, he taught me on a box. He was a golden glove champion and all take a shit and I worked with him like all summer. And I was like, man, I can't wait for one of these little folks sucks and shit. And then nobody, it was numbers all right. Yeah. And in fact, they started asking me for work out advice. Yeah. So I started kind of training them. And I know that poe personality changed. People will be shocked at like how just building yourself up in the gym a little bit will deter a lot of bullshit. Yeah. You know, why to give them more, I guess, an example. Why do we not fuck a rush of that bad or like that much? Right. We do things here and there, but it's always through proxy. Right. Have a form at a bowl. They have a nuclear arsenal. They got more of it. One murder will opponent. You know, and then same thing will rush. Why do they not fuck with us? Like everything is done through other countries and proxy. Yeah. The reality is both of ours are nuclear powers. And we know that we can destroy each other there. So that mutually assured destruction are on a clean enough maintain space. Yeah, man. It also changes their personality. You know, because to get in shape, you got to start keeping these promises that you make yourself every day. And it get a lot of people that struggle with confidence. And I think, man, you let me give myself a reason to become getting broke. But when you start doing the things, you're supposed to where they even write, working out right, drinking enough water, getting enough sleep. You start keeping these little promises. Make this every day. You start to trust yourself more. And you actually give yourself a reason to be confident. Yep. You can't just make it up. Confidence comes from confidence. Yeah. Confidence leads to accomplishments where suddenly it's too confident. Yeah. This is like a trajectory that can't be fucked with. Because if you try to just let me just get the confidence, it's not going to be authentic. And you like yourself more. Yep. It made it somebody you care about. It's telling you what every day I'm doing this for you. And they don't do it. Over time, you probably going to have some disdain for that person. Of course. But that person is you. It that person does something that's good for you every day. It does the thing, even if it's difficult for him, you'll like that person. You'll appreciate that person. That person is you. That is absolutely true, man. I mean, if you can't even tell yourself the truth, then you got some big problems coming your way. If you say you're going to work out, you don't. You don't in a proud yourself if you do that. Yeah. And if you keep doing that over and over again, push up of, you know, 80, or 80, or 90. Then you have to, you know, have substances or different things to make you feel better, right? To mitigate the feeling of inadequacy that you're experiencing. Because you know, you know you don't, you know you don't, which is supposed to do it. Yeah. That's where the depression comes in. I remember me and my neighbor were talking about this. An answer to that mention is too, where we say like depression is real. And what we mean by that is like, we're not talking about the clinical depression, but when people feel sad and you know, they get depressed or whatever. That's honestly a healthy, vibrant, you being a fucking loser. Sometimes that should make sense. And sometimes if you look at your life or do you look, that means you're a behavior, right? You're like the things you're doing every day is like, why should you be happy with yourself? You've got to give yourself a reason to like yourself for a reason to be happy with who you are. Yeah, happiness, you know, we've been sold this fairy tale happiness is deserved. No, it's earned. And it's earned every single day. Like you have to earn being happy. I think once people can get over that and realize that their happiness is truly like that's on you. It's not on the side or anybody else. That'll put more accountability on them. But with this world, like everyone deserves to be happy. You're like, no, you don't grow up. You know, like kids, like children, like you, you can make a kid happy by giving them some toys or taking them to the amusement park or something. You know, letting them watch TV, right? But as an adult, you know, it's got to come from within. You've got to make it yourself. And nothing too, I think, you know, just the way things are in life. Like there's always that polarity, right? There's no up without down. There's no sad without happy. Like there is no hate without love. So you need to experience all those different emotions to actually have an appreciation for it. You know, you look at a lot of these like young celebs or streamers that are making millions of ponies of dollars. They always get depressed or take some time off or like to have an issue in the reason why is because, well, if you became a millionaire 21 years old, do you really have the prerequisite life experience? So I appreciate that money and appreciate that status. And they've never thought about it. And at that time, you don't. You end up like as a spoiled fucking brat because if you didn't get out the mud, then you don't know what the mud feels like. So that's another thing too, where I think it's very important that people understand, you know, if you're following somebody for advice, whatever, what's their life story, right? Where they in your shoes, where they in a similar situation. And this is kind of where that maturity and getting someone that's actually been through it is very important. Yeah, that's the fact. So we got being over 35. Yeah, making six figures. Having six months to say, being in shape, what else did you have? Well, and then the last one, this is the most, my most controversial one, as you need to hook out with 50 girls. 50 girls. So everyone in the traditional, conservative space, whether it's bench up here or over any of these other like big, conservative commentators, you know, they always criticize me for this and say, oh, well, you're promoting degeneracy, you're promoting sex without Adamarage and show me that. Though I understand there are arguments and I respect it, what I think people need to kind of understand, especially in that conservative space, because a lot of them tend to be fucking delusional. Most people in the United States identify a secular. Most people aren't devout Christians, most people aren't devout, most of them most devout Jews. So with that said, you kind of have to adapt for the new normal, because we live in a world now where I call it like a deregulated sexual marketplace. What that basically means is anyone can hook up with anyone assuming age of consent is meant. Yeah, right? It's fucking crazy now. We thought that would be a good idea in the 60s like, yeah, like women hook up with who they want free love. We could all get laid. So what they don't realize is if you give women the power to decide who they want, where they're going to do, they're going to pick the cream of the crop. Yeah. That's what they naturally do. And then you compound that with what we were discussing earlier where they have their own jobs. Okay, you got two bad bitches. They don't really fucking need them majority guys. And this is why I'm also going to announce these guys as mosquitoes. And that's kind of like me painting the picture of where we are in society. Religion is no longer a valid way to contain FEMA hypergamy. We used to be able to shame them for being three or fours. We've started to met the state. Yeah, we all that shit. Like we had all these days and words, shit, as the state came to burn a witch from now, it's no more. Man, check them right around the brulement and she just chilling. Yeah, actually they learned them to be witches. So since we don't have these things in place, though, more, these chicks are out of line, bro. They're out of order. Minister Javies of the Lairs. He said this shit. Bro, if Jesus Christ can't save these holes, what the fuck makes you think you can. Like lies, girls don't have God in their life. So to have this concept of, we need to be traditionally conservative and all of the shit, it's just not applicable in today's society. So all that to say this. 50 women will put you in a position where you understand hypergamy. You understand female nature to a degree. And most importantly, you've been laid before. So girls can't leverage sex against you from compliance. We all know what girls do. Hey, you want some pussy? I'm going to danglet you need to do XYZ. I didn't think about that part. Now I was starting to make this to me. Even though sitcoms do do something the girl don't like. And she's like, oh, you're not getting them. It is, you know, like damn. Yeah. And it's not, not only is it like shown openly, it's incentivized for women to leverage sex against men real minds. Yeah. So with that said, we know what their weapon is. The modern woman's weapon is this. I'm going to sell you purity. And I'm going to leverage sex against you for some type of compliance. But what men don't know is that when you allow her to exercise that, um, leverage on you for the sex for compliance, which you've inadvertently done, you've given her the frame. Yeah. You've used the frame. How was the game? Boom. It's better lose the girl than lose the frame. Yeah. And then guys, we'll marry. That's not true. Yeah, it is. How many you dumb as niggas sit there and say, I'm in my man cave. Happy wife, happy life. Let me run this one when we grow friends. Yeah. Yeah. That's where we are in society. Where? Men now. It's popularized and socially acceptable to have your woman be the final decision maker. Yeah. What kind of fucked up world is that? It's ridiculous, dude. So like in my mind, I'm, I'm like one of the few people fighting back against this. Like no, it's happy king happy kingdom. That chick's got to listen to you, not the other way around. I'll be fucking damned. I'm going to have my own house and have. Look, man cave. But that's what we are. And we're there because men get interlaceships. Yeah. They're scared to lose the girl. They don't have the prerequisites sexual experience. Yeah. And the next thing you know, she's running circles against them. And I'll use this one analogy and I'll turn it back to you. If I told you, right, that you're going to have the most important boxing match of your life at 40 years old. And you're going to be getting in the ring with someone that's been training for 20 plus years uninterrupted 30 years uninterrupted. Would you trample for that fight more than likely you would? Yeah. Right? That fight for a lot of the guys is marriage in a long term relationship. But what guys don't know is by the time woman hits puberty, she's been hit on thousands of times. By the time she's under 20s, tens of thousands of times. Yeah. If she at 30s, even more so. You're effectively dealing with someone who has way more practice dealing with the opposite gender than you. I just think about it. Yeah. So like if you're going to go ahead and get into this boxing match, which I would consider marriage and relationship in a family, if you don't understand how to keep the upper hand, she's going to get the upper hand. And then it's just a matter of time until that relationship is over. And I don't think men understand how important this is. And this is why we have such a high divorce rate in America because guys are soft. They let their woman run their relationship and it comes directly back to their sexual inadequacy and unawareness and the woman being able to bully him and doing what she does. But if you've been late before you understand female nature, you have it in a bunnets mindset. Hey, this is the way it's going to go. Well, I don't agree. Okay, we'll fuck off then. Yeah. That's powerful. That's another reason why you got to hit a prena. I think it's a little bit of a motherfucker like Will Smith. I've heard that he doesn't have a prena. So he got to put up with all this bullshit or give up millions. So he got to deal with all this bullshit. He's fucking a sons friends. She's acting crazy going bald and shit. He got to put up with all that shit or give up a few hundred million. So there was Will Smith like getting women before data of force or for sure. But he lost a friend. Yeah, he lost a friend. And even as a powerful guy, that's very famous, et cetera. He lost a friend. I don't think men understand that that's how important it is to maintain a friend. And you having sexual experience is critical to that because she can manipulate you. There are number one weapon. There's manipulation through sex. If she can't do that to you, you got her. Yeah. Because you've got to look around. Yeah, I'm like, well, you know what? You don't want to comply. You know what? More guys were able to do that. We'd be in a way better position as a society. The families were stick together. The women would actually respect their men because they know they could replace some. They'd want to have kids with them because the other thing too, that many to understand and I know this sounds kind of productive. You actually have to work to not give your girl what she wants. Tell them to be more biased. So like, when she says dumb shit, like, I like nice guys. I want flowers. I want XYZ. Like, you need to be able to kind of translate that woman needs to. Oh, I want you to follow my lead. Oh, I want you to comply with my demands. Right. That's what she's really doing. I'm not saying don't reward your girl. I'm never. The issue is that guys are looking for approval of their girl to maintain their relationship, versus doing what they want to do when they feel like it. And this is why bad boys and guys with these dark triad trades do so much better with women because they put themselves first. And guys have to do that. You've got to put yourself first because here's the thing. If you put her first, she won't leave you anyway. You're not focusing on yourself and making money, but if you focus on yourself and make money being successful, she benefits as a buy product. Yeah. And I say all that to basically bring it to a full circle that the number one way that women are related to sex. If you don't have to be a regular experience, it's going to be easier for them to manipulate you with sex. And that's why I'm saying that 50 body count doesn't have to be 50 exactly to be fucking 20, 30 whatever. But I just have to do something. Yeah. And experience with women where she can no longer go, I'm going to dangle the Gucci. I want to be able to look her dead in the face and be like, oh, that's the game that we're playing. Right? You're saying we're not going to smash unless I take the garbage out. How about this? How about you get home? I want every single man in America to be able to look at their girl dead in the eye and be like, oh, really? Get out. Be like shit, man. You know, I got in trouble. People started hate on me because I had a video but sales, you know, it was like a YouTube shorter, a TikTok subscription. And I was like, how to handle that objection, you know, I need to talk to my wife. Yeah. And I think I handed it away. I just didn't disrespect to him or his wife, but everyone was like, man, no, they should talk about everything. This hit, this hit hurt money too. I'm like, what? You all got the fucking world fucked up. Yeah. We could talk about why that is right with through feminism, et cetera. Basically what feminism is taught, not just women, but men as well as that women are equal partners. And I would argue that's nothing that's so far from the fucking truth. Because when you treat her like a partner, she sees you as equal. When she sees you as an equal, that's when the disrespect begins. These women have more respect for their bosses than their husbands. You said two more, I think. Women don't really care too much about what you say. It's about how you say things. Very true, man. Like my girl said, man, guys, fall in love with their eyes, women fall in love with their ears. Yeah. And I felt her when she said it, man, because I don't remember nothing a bitch said. That's all I hear. Dude, it's a lot of fucking dumbass small talk, man. So and then nothing else they had the last one is actually be smart, know some things. Being interesting individual, because another thing too, and I've dealt with this when I've done conversations with guys that are like engineers or guys that are really like, logically focused or mathematically brilliant, they have an issue with being able to carry a conversation. So you need to get out there and like do shit or study shit so that you just know random things. And it makes you more interesting person. Like I call it like via snapal facts. Like you know, you're so open to lit and come with like a cool little fact. Yeah. Like you want to be able to like have some of that stuff in the back of your mind. Cause it creates interesting conversation, which leads to interesting stories. And it may be like copeted seat as well. That will make you more interesting, right? Whether it's through traveling through reading books through just self education, you want to be an individual and that's well rounded. I could talk about anything. Like me and you could sit here and we could talk to foreign policy and we could talk to the politicians who talk about girls. We could talk about economy and money. Like you want to be that guy where you can literally have a conversation on damn everything. Oh, we could end this. Sit here and talk about fucking dead bunny for an hour. If you wanted to be like you just want to be that type of guy where you again, we can talk about this. But I mean, so I think it's very important that people have that diversity. It's not a downside, but it's going to make you more picky with women. When you talk to a really dumb chick, it's going to be difficult. Like the more well-wared you are. It's going to be difficult. You won't want to carry a conversation with. But that's probably good. That is true. But like with dumb girls like that that are hot. Like yeah, that's where like that coffee will come in a lot because then you can carry the conversation. It'll be sucked though, but it's no suck for you. But she's got the embryo stupid shit. You know? And nothing too. I need guys to understand this too. And I've said this before. If you go on a date with a girl, right? And she has a bad time. Let's say she's boring as hell. She's not intelligent. She's not interesting. She's not going to look back on a date and be like damn, you know what? Recap. I wasn't really cool. I just sat there and saw it. I was like, idiot. No, she's going to blame you. I think guys need to know that the onus is always on them when it's all grown. Everything. Like when girls have sex with guys and they tell the girls the a. How was he? Yeah, right. You know what I'm saying? And then I'm talking about themselves. Yeah, it's like, how do you perform? You know what I'm saying? It's like all the onus is on the guy. You know, the date, all the onus is on the guy. Like everything, everything is on us. Yeah, that's okay. I've read it. I have to bother my court. Yeah. So I think I think one guy's know that. If you're a boring guy and she's boring too, she's never going to take accountability for that. And then you're going to go to the front. You got to bring the excitement. Again, I'm very blunt about this stuff. Most of them are fucking idiots and stupid and not interesting. I'm going to be all the way. That was like a lot of them are fucking stupid. And like, let's really think, though. No, fuck. They are. And then what I've noticed too, like a lot of the times, the how do they are? The dumb are they 10 to be? They've got everything they wanted, ever. So, there's no need to self-improve. Why would you go out of your way to understand a gender that you look at as mosquitoes and annoying 90% of them aren't worth your time? Why would you actually, will, will pride? I think I could have, would you have to go out there and understand men? Most girls don't know what men want. They don't care what men want. They just know what they want. And they're standards and that's all that matters. And then when they do finally meet the guys that they want, they're not in a position to even keep that guy because they never really gave or should have a woman. They want the first place. Man.