In this video, I'm gonna give you eight books. It will help you make more money. And if you read them, it will change what you think about money. And if you implement the teaches that a book prompts you to make more money, please, I'll book my personal recommendations, books that I've read and I've read all these books multiple times. Does he under I've read two books a week for the last 15 years? Mostly about personal development and making money. These are some of my favorites. So the first book, the psychology of money. And some of the key ideas in this book are how make your money is less about the knowledge and more about behavior and habits and how different money behaviors can affect your income and your income potential. He talks about the psychology and the emotional about around how people handle money. And right, and if you implement some of these things, you can handle them yourself. By the way, there's a link to all the books in the description. This is really, you know, four main things he talks about. First he talks about one thing he talks about is luck and risk. And he talks about how luck can play a role on the way that you think about money. For example, talked about how people who were born in like the great depression, they grew up facing the ramifications of the great depression after the stock market crash. Right. They were super adverse to stock invest and they thought the stock market was awful, right? But that was their experience. They just knew that they grew up in this awful time. And in their mind, the stock market was a reason for it. However, if you were born in the 90s, all you really know is bull market. Might as well have a few recessions, only one real bad one, but it only lasted two years. So we have a different view because of the way we were born. Still, though, if you would have been investing over a long period of time, you would still make money even if you invested during the depression. But because their experience, it affected the way they handle risk because they were born at a fucking shitty time. I think about that sometimes when like you younger kids who watch this, I like fuck man. My first website, I had to code with HTML. You guys ain't never seen no code. Even if you wanted the right code, you could have AI writing for you. That's lucky. Where you were born. I had to actually fucking code websites and learn HTML. You guys may never have to learn that shit. Honestly, you also talks about compounding. He kind of emphasizes how investing over time is the shortest path to wealth. Like, for example, Warren Buffett wanted to reach people of all time. He made most of his money in like the last 15, 20 years towards the end because of the compound interest is crazy. I'm going to bring up a chart. The way you get rich is you make more money than you spend and you invest the difference over a long period of time. You start with two grand, man. You invest two grand every month in the S&P 500 for 20 years. When I say long time, I start thinking in decades. That's the average return of 10% each year. Boom, you're going to invest and you're going to compound annually. If we calculate that. Now, man, you get $1.3 million in 20 years. But you got to do it consistently over a long period of time. If we extrapolate this to even longer periods of time, let's say we start thinking like crazy decades. Then it gets really crazy. See, it starts to hockey stick. And he just talks about how that's like super important to think long term. But anybody can get rich doing this. Anybody can become a millionaire if they just $2,000 extra $2,000 a month, 20 years. You can make a million million dollars. So if you're 20 years old and if you work on the weekends, second job, we're going to weekends drive over hustle up extra 2 grand a month. You can get rich. The three things you can invest in are to stock market, real estate, or your own business. Now your own business is going to give you the most return. But it's the highest risk. The safest thing would just be to S&P 500. But that goes back to his third point, which was behavior over theory. Basically, instead of trying to figure out what to do, I mean, you want to figure out what to do. You do some people have analysis of paralysis, or they're always switching their strategies or coming up with some new thing, chasing the new shiny object. But if you just did the same thing over an overgrain for a long period of time, what's going to happen is that's going to start the compound. And you will win. Persistices is undefeated. Another part you talk about was sufficiency. And this was basically, you know, win is enough enough. They give what you want to accomplish in life. You got to sacrifice. You don't sacrifice for your goals. The goals become sacrifice. Now, for me, there are things that I am not willing to sacrifice. So who comes from my goal. And I will not sacrifice my relationship with my son. And I will not sacrifice to sacrifice my health. But some people will sacrifice everything. He gives example in the book of Bernie made off her hand, one of the largest Ponzi schemes of all time. He stole like billions of dollars. But what you don't understand, Bernie was already a month of fucking billionaire when he before he started scamming. He could have just been like, hey, man, I'm a billionaire. I don't need to scam the good money. I'll just keep making money. Maybe you won't be as fast as if I was scamming. But I'm already billionaire. And I can just, I can take a look. That's an extreme example. But what I see a lot of people do is they sacrifice their health, their relationship, their life sacrifice too much. What they sacrificed their freedom. I mean, I got friends who went prison right now from, you know, in the streets, you know, they get some wild shit for the money. For me, how I look at this is like, I'm going to go super hard to come to my goals. But within, parameter, put parameters around what I'm willing to do. It's not like, I'll do anything in the comes from the go. No, it's not that. All types of shit I won't do to accomplish my goals, right? But if you're doing anything, next to you, no, man, you're chilling with daddy at the freak off, so you can get your record out. You got to have some guardrails around your ambition. The next book is a book called The Purple Cow by the homey Seth Go did. Now, this is a really good marketing book. The main thing I got from Seth to be remarkable. So the example he Seth gave was called as the Purple Cow because he, he was driving somewhere in the middle of fucking nowhere. He was a bunch of cows, he kept driving by a bunch of cows. And the very first cow that saw everybody was like, oh, look, it's a cow and everyone was excited in his car. They were from New York or some shit. They were never seen a cow in real life and a lot of cows walking around man. But they were in the country. They saw a cow, then he saw a scene of a bunch of cows, right? Then they started seeing fields of cows, just a bunch of cows, they were driving. There was no more excitement about that one cow because there was a fucking bunch of cow. It wasn't a big deal. He was thinking he was like, man, we lost that excitement because we seen a whole bunch of cows, but if we saw a purple cow, that's something we would never forget. And the concept was to make your your product or service like a purple cow. This is how you stand out. When you stand out, it helps with your marketing. It helps with your marketing because now you're different. It does a lot of the marketing for you. For example, Tesla, they have a marketing budget of zero. But everybody talks about it, right? Because they put all their money into making the car as great as possible, but very in the reason of success. But the cars themselves get people talking, the shit that they do, like making fucking robots, these people talking and it makes it more remarkable, right? But then it also helps you what stand out. And because you can't be like everyone else. Like if you're like everyone else, you're going to be like all those other cows, right? You got to make yourself a purple cow. Now there's two ways to do this. One, you can do it with your marketing. But that's the least effective way. Some people do it with their marketing and it's like old spice, right? They make the other way. They started making funny commercials, right? The product is fucking normal. It's the older. But the marketing is outrageous as far as the older and commercial's go. Right? Especially when they first started doing that, they would first brand making those wild, the older and commercials that were funny. It was like super regular. But they did it with their marketing. Right? What's better is to do it as you're creating the product or service. So I talk about this with the people I teach how to grow their own life in his business. The very first thing you need to do is find what you're niche. Otherwise, you're just going to be a trainer, right? Everyone else. So what we tell them to do is I think about who you want to market to. What problem you want to solve for that person? Focus on that and then how you're going to solve that problem. So for me, when I first started on training, I focused on young men, no diddy. It was in age 25, the 35. And the reason I did that was because even though I can train people of both genders and all ages, I knew I had a train for a long time before I started. I went online. I knew I couldn't market to everyone. The way you market to men is not going to be the same is the way you market to women. Just like the old Spidey's sample. Secret, the other is market to women. Think about how the bottle looks to find. How do you name the flavors? Without knowing anything, you just look at it and know that's for women. Old Spidey, there might be a motherfucking animal bite into the local older colors. They have one called secret at some called Powder Fresh. Old Spidey has a flavor called Sports Fresh, Same exact flavor. Same exact ingredients. Basically the same shit. But what it is is a different brand because they're marketing in the different people. Even though it's pretty much the same shit. I'm just going to focus on marketing in the ease of my fuckers. And what I'm going to help them guys want to get ripped. Or I could help any guy with anything. This is what trainers make them state. They try to help everybody with anything. They say, oh man, you were fat boy. You want to lose the pants. Cool. Oh, you want to build a bunch of muscle? Cool. You want to be a pro athlete, aren't you? Cool. No, no, no. That's one of the get ripped. And that's their language. That's why I said, quote, as a trainer, I knew they wanted to be muscular with low body fat. But all my fucking energy was on this person with this problem. I specialize in helping people get ripped. If you want to be a power lifter, I wasn't the guy that comes with it. If you wanted to be a pro body builder, then somebody else for you, I focused 100% on this person. And here's why that makes you special. Two got to his two doctors. One, he's just a regular as doctor, but you know, he'd be doing some laser eye surgery on the side. If you hurt your toe, he'll fuck with that. If you got a STD, he'll treat you for that man. You got the flu, you'll work with that. But if you want some eye surgery man, you should laser eye your shit. You know what I'm saying? Ain't no big deal. What you want to do with these eye? Which one is it? This one? Right? He'll do that shit. Or do you want to go to the guy that all he does is laser eye surgery. He's been doing laser eye surgery for 10 years in a row. He does the laser eye surgery all day. Every day. Every day. He's literally all he does. And he's got a reputation to be in one of the best. Who are you going to go to? If the other guy is cheaper. Yeah, as our poor new, right? So you're going to go to the who, the professional, right? The guy who's the specialist. Right? That's why you want to become a specialist. So I specialized and get a rip. And it was cool. I marketed to this guy. I knew why he wanted to get rip. So I used his wife and the marketing. This guy, it was girls, right? That's why I know all my old videos, a bunch of girls in it. Even though I knew girls weren't watching it. It was for y'all. And then boom, show you how to get rip. And then all my testimonials, guys, in this age group who accomplished this go. So if you are a guy in this age group who wants to accomplish this go, who are you going to go to? Right? The guy who just helped with everybody with everything or the guy who has thousands of testimonials from people just like you will accomplish this go. You want to accomplish this? Who's going to go to? And then the how is how you help them solve the problem? I guess when I started, it was keto and then I did a lot of hit cardio. This was like my special sauce, right? Even though anything works, anything worked, right? This is the way I did it. This is my thing to start. So now I became a purple cow amongst all every other trainer. People will be like, oh man, it's saturated. It's like, yeah, that's why you differentiate yourself. You don't want to be like all these other motherfuckers. Yeah, it's saturated if you're just a fitness guy or fitness girl. I bought this book in like 2,000,000. Back when I was starting my online training sheet. And I was like, all right, this one I'm going to do, I'm a standout. That book helped me with that. I read the 10X rule when I was like, still grind. You know, so to try to get it, my main takeaway from the 10X rule was it sounds super normal, right? But work 10 times as hard as you think you need to work. It's simple, but it's not easy. Go all out like overdo it. An example I always give people when I talk about like, how hard you need to work. Say this a roach in your home. Obviously, this is your home. Not my, I live in a pin house on the ocean. Books can't get up here. This is a private elevator. How the fuck are you going to get up here? He's in your house. He's living a good life. He's got a little bug girlfriend. They have him babies, offspring in your crib. Raisin a family. Happy family. And your dirty ass crib. Right? Now you got two options, bro. You can hit this motherfucker with a fly swatter. Try to step on it, hit it with a chank late guy. Problem is you might miss. That's how people go after their goals. They do what they think is required to hit that goal. They might miss, right? But what we wanted to do, I reckon, instead of squatting the fly, how about you bomb the building, right? Or fumigated. I'm bomb the building. You're definitely hit the goal, hit the bug, right? This is the attitude you need to accomplish your goals. Like, don't think what do I need to do to accomplish the goal. Think how much effort do I need to put in to make failure impossible. Right? That's a whole different mindset. Do that. And this is why I'm so good at the accomplishing goals. It's not accident. Unfortunately, things happen. Sometimes the ball bounces my way, but sometimes it doesn't, right? Like people say you're lucky, man. But what about all the unlucky shit? What about my father blowing his brains out? What about the fucking recession? You can outwork any any mother fucking problem. But you gotta put in the kind of effort that most people would think is mania. And if you do that, not only are you, is it almost impossible for you to fail? But also, also, it's gonna give you so much more confidence. Because if you got a game plan like damn if I did all this, it's no way I can fail. And then you are actually willing to do it, then you'd become about it. You're gonna be thinking, I'm trying to do this shit. What you would try, baby. Now, man, we not trying to do this shit. We're gonna do this shit or die trying. You don't wanna put in the kind of effort, where it's like you'd have to be lucky for you to win. You wanna put in the kind of effort where you'd have to be super unlucky. Like a series of unfortunate black school on events would have to occur for you to fail. That's the kind of effort you gotta put in. You'd be surprised if you failed. Grand didn't say any of those words, those are my takeaways. Read the book, though. Get the audio book, because grant really reads it. The next one is the one thing. So, with the one thing, one of my takeaways. Gary said, you wanna ask yourself a question. What's the one thing that if I did it? You make everything else easier or unnecessary. The one thing. So I see a lot of people, let's say they wanna get rich. We're gonna be entrepreneurs. See, man, I got this business, and I got this business, and I got this side hustle, and I'm doing all this shit, and this how you go nowhere fast. Because their efforts aren't concentrated. They're spreading themselves thin. But Gary says, hey, man, just have one thing. One fucking goal, one big goal, and put everything in that. You go farther with less effort. You motherfuckers with like eight businesses or eight different hustles you're trying to do, and you may think that you're being extra ambitious, but I know the truth. You're doing that, because you don't really have confidence in either one of them. You're doing all this other shit, because you're scared that none of them will work, and you're just throwing everything at the wall and seeing what it's did. You don't have conviction or faith in any of these things. If you knew that one of those things would be the thing that got you rich, you wouldn't do it other way. It's not ambition, it's fear. You're hedging your bets. The problem with that is you make it way less likely you accomplish anything when you're doing all the other shit. The average millionaire has seven, eight income streams. They got rich with one, and once they became millionaires, then they started diversifying. That's the real truth. Andrew Carnegie said, I'm paraphrasing, right? But he said, y'all that shit you heard about. Don't put all your eggs on my basket, that's bullshit. Put all your eggs on one basket and fucking protect that basket. That's how you succeed. And here's the thing, if you attack your goals like this, you can't do this with eight nine things. But you can do this, you can try to do a bunch of shit. But if you put it in the kind of effort that would make failure impossible, and you can only do that in one, you can't do that in a fucking eight things. You know, do that but one thing. But if you did it, you would win. He goes in a way more detail and this is more to it than just that. The next one is five back at a time, by the whole me Dan Martell. That was number one selling in time management. Ain't that some shit shot the Dan. So Dan, he talks about paying people to do stuff so you can work more. You know, I talked about this for years and people may find me people may YouTube and you're talking about this stupid or people say I'm lazy. But let's say you're not just for newer and you know your hourly rate because you track shit, you're not a dumb ass, you actually track everything. You make about $100 an hour. Let's say you want to clean your fucking place. You can go and want to ask for a grab it and get someone to clean your place for, let's just say, it's a making lady, we'll come clean your place for $50. If you clean it instead of paying her, how much money did you save? Some of you guys are thinking, oh man, I say $50. I did it myself. No asshole. You lost $50, right? And if you were to pay her to clean and then you actually worked during that time, you would have netted $50. You lost $50, but not having her do it. That's just one example. I started doing this with everything. I knew how come money I made for hours? Interesting idea, I stopped doing my own laundry. I just paid somebody to pick it up and drop it off. And I worked while they were doing laundry and I was like, okay, this is a net positive. And it was like, okay, groceries. Had the groceries delivered instead of going into grocery store, working at that time, it's a net positive. And these things start to add up. And when I talk about working a whole lot, working and working, working hard. Remember, you got a fucking go super hard. So you're going to need more time to do that shit, right? If you're doing like shit, it's not worth your time. It's not you being lazy, it's you paying people to do stuff so you can work more. All right, and these people need the money, man. This shit's not on task, grab it, clean up people's homes because she's a billionaire right, she needs money. So you actually helping the economy, you're doing some good, you're helping a small business. And then you're also helping yourself because you net more money. I talked about the person like Dan talks about it in person like, but also in your business. Let's say you got a bunch of money. You don't have to spend this time working. You could just spend this time with your kids, your family. All I want to do is hang out with my friends and family, my girlfriend, my friends and family and make money. They're the only things I want to do. And if it doesn't fit in those categories, I'm going to pay someone else to do it. But when you first started, you got to get rid of that domestic shit. But read Dan's book. He's he's more articulate to me. The next book is Influence by Robert Chaudini, who was a time in my life while I read this book once a month or listen to the audio and I would learn some every time. He talked about the six weapons and influence and these are reciprocity. And basically, if you do something for someone, they feel more obligated to do something for you. You just have to sometimes get to free sample at grocery store. Get some free. They do that for a reason, right? Because people buy more. One day they get a little taste. And then they buy some more. Right? Or is it just like they feel good about it? This is why people send you free shit. You could maybe free all for it from stuff. And in return, you feel like kind of obligation to give them something else. A lot of times that's money. The next one is commitment and consistency. But people when they commit to something, they have a subconscious need to actually remain consistent with what they said. This is one of the reasons why I never say a Republican or Democrat, I want to actually look in shoes. Right? First, if you publicly say that shit, it's going to be difficult for you to vote for another candidate or even listen to another candidate. You've made this public declaration. This is the kind of person you are. You are Republican or you are a Democrat. You are liberal or you are a conservative. And for me, I just rather than that pick aside, I'm conservative on some issues. I'm liberal on others. From a market and perspective, this is the ways you can get commit. Small commitments from people. Small commitments lead to big things. This is why if you watch a video on a value ladder, I'm coming to say some cheap. And now you've bought something. And then it's easier to sell you more things after you bought one thing. So they use the commitment, the commitment consistency, which number three, social proof. So this is basically like you already know what this is, man. If you ever bought some more Amazon, you read the reviews first. That was social proof. So social proof authority. So this is basically somebody who's like some credibility saying something. Holds them away. This is why there might be a doctor in the ad about something. Liking people like the buy from people that they like or they trust. So companies with two things that make you like them more. And then scarcity. People like things when they're rare. Well, other people don't have them. So this is what like, oh man, everything was go or limited time only. These things cause people to act less rational. The next one is a rich debt ported by Robert Gealsaki. I read this book on 19. My main takeaways from Mr. Keel Saki was basically when you make money and come you earn, he said, he had two debts. They weren't in a home sexual relationship. He's a guy. He's a biological father and a dude who was like his father. This is po-de-it. His po-de-it is a make money and then spend it on luxuries. Like his new car, you know, vacation every time. But he was never able to come up with his rich debt. His rich, this rich debt over here. Rich debt. He would make money. Right? He gets income. He would make money. Spend his money. He used to buy assets on. And then the assets would make money. And the assets would pay for his luxuries. Right? But what happened was he kept doing that. He would just keep buying more assets over and over again, over and over again for years. It kept making more money. So he just kept all it. Right? And then after a certain amount of time, he didn't have to work anymore. His assets made more money. But po-de-it had to work indefinitely. And that's kind of what I said earlier when I broke out the compound interest. It's the same shit. It's the same shit. This is how you get rich over time. Right? You buy assets. Your own business. Real estate stocks. Shit that makes you money. The next book on this list is I never split the difference by Chris Voss. It's really just the best negotiation book that I've ever read. I'm not really going to break it down because it's too much to get into. It should have been read that book. Now here's the thing. The problem with negotiate with negotiate is there's a point of diminishing return. It's not in the book. This is just my own observation. If you get too good in negotiating, what happens is you can get whatever you want to out of their deal. But you don't even know for the other person to be incentiveized to work with you. So for example, I learned this lesson in the hallway. I was negotiating with this people. I was doing business with it and I got really good in the negotiate and I got like amazing deal for us. But the deal sucks. Kind of sucks for them. As a result, they didn't have their hard into it. They didn't really put a lot of effort into it. And that's when I was like, yo, let's restructure this. So you guys make more money off the deal. So they will put more effort in and then it worked out fine. But that was like the lesson. So just be careful. You can get too good at negotiating where it actually starts to hurt you. But it helps you. This book is the 10 Commandments of Online Training. That's a book written by this one guy named Brandon Cart. And it's basically about the 10 things you need to know to build a successful online fitness business. And that's how I first started making up like a lot of money. Right? It was my online fitness business. It's free. I'll break it down for you. It links in the description. It's a matter of fact, the link to all these books on this question. And the book is interactive too. Every lesson I give in a book, I give an example of somebody who actually implemented it. It's like one of the people I trained. And after that is the link where you can watch a video of them explaining how it helped them make more money. So that's the cool thing about ebooks that can be interactive like that where there's videos that's supported and you can click on it. Check it out. All the links are in the description.