This is how you can really get some money with the stock market. It's like borderline easy. We ain't gonna sell you no course on it. This should just free. This strategy revolves around selling options as opposed to buying options. So most people are trading options. They're buying, right? Which is a higher risk strategy. Selling options is a low risk strategy that make you some more fucking bread. And the wheel strategy, but man, break it down for them. It's super passive. It may take a little bit of an adjustment. If you're just starting out in the stock market, which is bear with me, take notes. And this is really, really cool. And again, not of this is financial advice. I'm not gonna tell you to buy any of these stocks. This is just for educational purposes only. Amen. You might be asking yourself, hey, why should I listen to this geek? Well, you might wanna listen to me because I'm a professional chartered market technician. I've been trading and investing for eight years. Now, so I'm a certified options trader. I've certified by TD Ameritrade. Looks like it's like 2019. So I do know options. I am a huge geek when it comes to them. Okay, so what is the wheel strategy? Write this down. It's an options income strategy. So it's not a growth strategy. It's not a day trading strategy. And I understand the options are extremely risky, especially if you don't know what you're doing. That's why we're here to educate you. We're selling a put or we're selling a call. Again, we're selling options. We're not buying them. And you can only sell puts or sell calls or you can buy calls and buy puts. We're talking about selling them though. This requires the capital or cash to buy a hundred shares. Double underlying that because if you don't have the cash to buy a hundred shares of a certain stock, you can't do the strategy. It's tougher to do a much higher priced stocks. So think of like Chipotle back when it was $3,000 a share. Unless you've got 300 grand, you can't do the wheel on Chipotle stock. But you could do it on a less expensive stock. And that's what we're going to show you. Yeah, yeah. And I can show some live examples too as we go to the top. So why should we use the wheel strategy? Well, it's actually lower risk compared to other strategies like buying options. When you're buying options, there's a very high probability that you're going to lose money. However, when you're right, you're going to get paid really, really well. So this is kind of like the opposite. You're going to get that steady income, but you're not really going to get too many big wins from this. And shorting stocks, you technically have infinite risk because if you bet against a stock, you lose money if that stock fists upward. Okay? So when you're shorting a stock, you want the stock to drop, but you can lose infinite amounts of money when it goes higher. This isn't a risk strategy like that. We have predefined entry points and predefined exit points super cool. So you know exactly what you're getting into ahead of time. It makes the risk clear, it makes the reward clear every single time. The cash that we collect from selling the option is guaranteed. That's right. This is guaranteed if you hold the trade until expiration. Guaranteed. Yeah. Guaranteed. It's the only thing that's guaranteed in the stock market. The cash collected from selling an option if you hold the tell expiration. This generates consistent income every week, every month. Some stocks you can actually even sell by weekly options or even daily options like spy S&P 500. That's super cool. What's cool about the wheel is that the wheel can outperform a lot if the market stays sideways. So think you'll really do well if the stock market just goes dead sideways. You collect cash on the bottom side and you can collect cash on the top side. You don't really want the market to go straight up or straight down because otherwise another strategy might be better. Cool. Step one, write this down. Sell a cash to the kid put. Look at this guy. He's happy. Sell a cash to the kid. Yeah, he is. You need a cash in your account. You're trading account to be able to buy 100 shares of the stock at whatever price that we sell the put at. We call that the strike price. You're obligated. You're on the hook to buy the stock at the strike price of the put. Okay, you have to do it. You're committed to buying the stock. So you don't want to do this on a stock that you don't want to own. You've got to be cool with owning this stock because you're forced to buy the stock of that price. You get paid a premium cash money. This is your guaranteed profit for making that commitment. That's the key to premium. That was guaranteed. You're going to get the premium immediately. Immediately go straight into your account. But your buying power will be held aside to be able to buy 100 shares. And then what happens after that? So if the cash is collected right up front, you wait until expiration. So options have an expiration date. That's why they're a little bit trickier in nature. It's kind of like 40 trading. It's pretty intense because it's how the stock goes up, how the stock goes down. And then also the time factored for the stock. So you wait until expiration to find out if you have to buy the stock or not. This helps you get paid to buy your stock and it lowers your entry price. So just think, make that commitment. You get paid to buy your stock. You get a lower average cost or lower entry price when it buy low sell high. Example number one, selling a put on ABR stock. Let's say you want to own 100 shares of stock ABR. We've been wheewing this stock for a long period of time. You want to sell a put, add a below the market price, ideally below market price. This is what gets you a good deal and gets you that cash money. This is past that x-married. But let's say I want to buy the stock at 14. Okay, if I limit point two credits open, that means I get a guaranteed $20 bill. Get a Jefferson. I'm putting up $1,400. So that's what your commitment to commit to buy 100 shares of ABR stock at $14 a share by the end of the day. Because of that commitment, I get that guaranteed $20 bill. Only one of two things can happen. Once you've sold that put, you entered the trade. That's it. Add expiration. The stock's going to be above 14 or it's going to be beneath 14. If it's above 14, guess what? You get your all of your cash back plus that guaranteed $20 bill. If stock is beneath 14, guess what? The broker will automatically buy 100 shares of ABR for you at $14 and you still get to keep that $20 bill. So that's the cool thing about it. The $20 is guaranteed, but at expiration, you have to buy the stock if it's beneath your strike price of your put. It's a win win. If it's above your strike price, they give you your money back and you keep to premium. Yep, you get your all of your cash back $1400 plus that $20 bill. You get $1420. Right. Your broker, your account. And if let's say ABR stock closes underneath 14, this is just like the risk is if you were to buy the stock. You would be down on your shares, but you still get to keep that $20. So your average cost is really $13.80. That's what we call our break even. Let me show them a little. I'm just showing what that looks like in robin' the, I don't own any of this, right? So it's just, it's just, we just on here, right? So, but if I wanted to sell a put in here, so what do I do? I go to trade options on ABR. So you want to buy ABR, switch your stock. Right. So we're gonna, we're gonna, we're gonna sell a put. We need to pick an expiration date. This is when to put expires. I like to do mine a week out. For me, when I'm selling options, I'm gonna make 1% a week. You do that, you do, you make 1% a week for weeks in a row, mass a month. You made 4% for the month. But it compounds week to week, right? Now, that's how you can beat the mark, actually beat the mark with the shit cause the actual SMP is average as 10% a year. So anyway, so I'll pick a week out, boom 10 days. I'm just as a share price. It's how much it costs right now, 1550, right? Boom. All right, so if I go here, I pick the strike price underneath, this is my strike price underneath, so check this out. Basically I'm saying, if I sell this put, what happens is it's gonna cost me 1500, yeah, 1550, right? And this account, right? And I'm gonna get 25 dollars immediately, right? So this is what's called the premium. So basically, I'm gonna get this immediately, this 25 dollars, which is more than 1% of 1500. So I'll be making more than 1%. Now here's the thing, you see this. If it's at 15.5, eight days from now, and this is date, then what's gonna happen is, if this is a lower, then Rob Hood is gonna hold this money, they're gonna give me $25 for that, right? And if it hits this or lower, then they're going to, it's gonna hold it in the side. Rob Hood is gonna take this, and I'm gonna own 100 shares of this shot, because one option is contract is 100 shares. Just remember that. That's why you only do this on a stock that you would mine own. All right, that's it, so let's say I'm on fucking with ABR, like that's my shit. So like if I had this, that means I just buy it for cheaper, I buy it for cheaper than it is now. It has a beauty. If it closes above the strike price, eight days from now, then Rob Hood gives me this money back, but I still kept $25. So what that means is like I can't lose. One of two things will happen. I'm either buy the stock, I want it for cheaper, and I get that, that 1% premium, or I get my money back, but I still keep the 1% premium. This is why it, I rarely just buy a stock, I want to own long term. I'll always sell options. I always sell puts to get into it because I can get it for cheaper than it is right now, and I get paid to buy it. The way that you will probably learn best is actually by doing it. When you, you'll learn really, really quickly. You get some cheap, you know, like a cheaper stock than that, right? Yeah, you could do it with like a stock like so far. It's only like $6.50. Yeah, there's no money. It's like under $10, all right, something like that. Yeah, yeah, really any stock, like under $50, that just means you just need less than five grand to do one of the cash-to-care cuts. That's really, really the start. And I like to get 1% every week, right? If we don't get a sign, we just get our money back, and we keep the premium. So we do the same thing again next week. That's not the wheel. You just keep selling puts until you get a sign. That's what you do part two. Go show them part two. It's amazing. It's amazing. So like Brandon said, you're either gonna get your cash back or you're gonna own the stock. They're gonna have a ton of cash here account. It'll happen on Saturday because expiration dates are usually Friday. So your broker will have all your cash in your account on Saturday. Or you'll own the stock a hundred shares of it on Saturday. What's the purpose to I just wanna know is that this is scalable. So like while I may only sell like two cash-to-care puts on a stock, Brandon or Romus might do like 10 or 20. And that's where the real dough starts to come in. Yeah, yeah. And you might get a sign too. You're gonna get a sign eventually, right? And that's okay, especially if you don't mind on a stock like sometimes I'm just selling puts on stocks I want. It's not even the will. I want it the only way. And we're just talking about the bottom side of the wheel right now. So let's assume that we got a sign. Okay, we've got a hundred shares of stock. You got a sign. Now what? This is an example of a cash-to-care put by the way. I did this on Tesla, T.S.L. This is exactly what an optimist alert looks like. Self-computer. The eight-put collecting $15 per cent of my portfolio. Boom. Tesla, obviously, is rallied very hard. Really, really nice trade right there. Now we've got a sign though. Let's pretend that we've got a hundred shares of stock. And I actually have a hundred shares of ABR. So I can show this on my thinker swim. Okay. Right over here. So this is a daily chart of ABR stock, a real estate investment trust, pays a nice good dividend. I like the stock. Rob is like stock. I own a hundred shares of this stock. And it's doing very, very well. I sell cover calls each and every week. Just one cover call. It's just a small part of my portfolio. If you go over to the option chain, you can sell a cover call now. So now I own the stock. Now we're gonna come back to ABR. And I'm gonna go back to the presentation. So this is selling a covered call, the top side of the wheel. Hundred shares of the ABR from selling the cash secured put we own it now. We want to sell a call option at or above your average cost. What does that look like? Well in this example, I sold the 1550 strike covered call. I only collected seven cents for this. So I got paid $7, basically to agree to sell my shares now. So now we're getting paid to exit our stock. For getting paid to enter our stock. Now we're getting paid to exit our stock and take profits. Yeah. Really, really cool because again, this reduces the risk of owning stocks. You know, you're collecting cash money as the stock on a sideways. We'll talk about the downsides and the quote unquote risks with this as well. Okay. Again, this is guaranteed cash outcomes. The stock is either gonna close at or above that strike price. You keep the cash no matter what. But if it's above the strike price of the call, you get what's called called away or assigned away. It's another win, win. You either you get the guaranteed cash and you're either gonna get out of the stock or you're gonna keep the stock and you can wheel it again. You can sell another cover call the next week. Here's an example of this stock called ASC. So I bought 100 shares of this. Boom. That's up 6% that's up $85. Well, what I did was I also sold the 15 strike cover call. This is what it looks like. Short minus one. Okay. Probably this trades up $95. There's an example of the daily chart and the stock is a lot higher right now. The stock goes sideways to slightly higher. That's perfect for the wheel strategy. So you don't wanna do the wheel on a stock that might be tanking. As time passes, notice the stock actually dropped a little bit. It's I'm now only up 5% on this. But since time passed, the theta decay shipped away at the call and look, I'm up even more money. So like $95, stock drops a little bit but time passed. I'm still up. So that's what's super cool about it. It's called being positive theta. When you're buying an option, you're negative theta. You're just losing money to the option seller. Oh, let me bring that down a little bit more. Like the selling option part. So let's say you get a sign. This is stock on Simon property. That really stay reed in it's mostly malls, right? So I think like Lennox mall in Atlanta, fashion show mall in Vegas, like the big, the really nice malls, like where the luxury items are, where any, any more they got a Louis Vuitton or Rolex or Gucci or some shit. It's probably a Simon property group mall. All right, anyway, so I own 500 shares it is. You can see I'm up 126% on this stock right here. You know what I'm saying? I own 500 shares, right? So because my average, my average call is 60, 65 dollars is on what you up, right? So what I do is I can trade options, boom, selling a call. What here's what the share price is, boom. And anything above the share price, let's say boom for 100 shares that it should. Instead of using money as collateral, like we did when we sell them to help to cash your put. Now I'm putting up 100 shares as collateral. They're gonna give me $20. Oh, they're gonna give me $20. To put up my share as collateral. Now one of the two things are gonna have. The expiration date is a week out, this is strike price. A week from now, eight days from now. If it closes below my strike price, then I keep my stock and I keep the premium they gave me. If it closes above this, then I keep the premium still. But then that means I have to sell the stock at that price. Now it doesn't matter because I'm up like fucking 150% on this stock. I got paid to sell the stock for profit. And that's the wheel strategy. You get paid to enter with a cash secure put. Then you get paid to sell with a cover call. I hope that makes sense, right? So I've been doing that with this for years. Truthfully, for this one, I don't really want to get a stock. So I'll probably pick a higher strike price. You get less money. You'll start getting a profit. And then you have to sell cover calls if you don't want to. You can take it over stock. You can just hold the stock. Sometimes some weeks, I don't know if I want to get a sign. But sometimes you get a sign too. Right. I was doing this shit with Apple for a long time. And I got a sign. And I had to sell Apple. But I sold it for more than I bought it for. So I got paid to sell it. So it was a win. I remember also you did that with Nvidia, which is a monster win. Yeah, it just went up so fast that I got a sign on the way out. But I still made a lot of money. Yeah. And it's just a great way to trade. It's a great way to swing tricks. You're not trying to time up the entries on the edge. You're not like a day trader trying to buy dips and sell rips and time the market. No, you just look at the option chain and you say, do I want that much premium or not? Last year I had like a lot of money in my, I liquidated a lot of it because for some other investments with the wheel share, you're not making like 10 to 20,000 dollars per fucking month. Right. So I sold it for a year. But you know, either selling cover calls or cash secure puts. I was just willing my shit the whole time. But it was a lot of money. It was like close with me and dollars and then at the time. I bought this watch selling cover calls and cash secure puts basically willing stocks. That's why you buy use assets to buy luxury. It's just like a great way to trade. It's a peaceful way to trade because all you do it once you get the hang of it is it only takes like two minutes on Monday morning to just sell the cover calls, sell the cash secured puts. Oh, so we're combining. Okay. So after we're selling the cover call, we continue to do that and tell you're called away. See, getting that weekly weekly cash flow. Okay. Combining these steps. Once you're called away, we start over. You do the math. You're put. And you should have a ton of cash in here. Right now. So we just sell a cash secured put again. Repeat this process to generate income. I would rather make 10% a year with cash flow than just have 10, have a 10% a year. I mean, I've just growth, but no cash flow. You get the cash flow from this. First of all, if stocks that don't pay a dividend, you can get a dividend out of it. You own it by selling cover calls against it. Like I did with Nvidia. It's absolutely amazing. So yeah, why is the wheel work income generation? It beats out dividends. And pay by weekly weekly monthly. Most dividends usually only pay quarterly. So every three months a stock will pay a dividend usually. But that cash flow each and every week. It does sound improper to get pay the huge dividend. But I'm still getting money off it from from will in it. It's like it's just like a great way to trade exactly just like with ABR. It pays a dividend. So boom, you get that cash flow coming on in. Boom, you get cash flow from the wheel. It really just reduces your overall risk in the stock market. It's also super cool because you can be flexible. You can adjust your strike prices for your goals. You can sell out options that are further out in time. You'll get more premium. But you'll have a lower frequency of cash flow. Yeah. And that's something to think about as well. Some people do it monthly. I do it weekly. Yeah, exactly. Some stocks only have monthly options, monthly. Expiration. The call monthly. And that's fine, too. I mean, you'll get more premium. You just have to wait longer to let the options expire. And what's cool about this is you get to predetermine your entries and your exits. So that's really, really nice. You know exactly what's going to be going on. And the market will just dictate how well you get paid over time. And again, one of the risks with this, you know, if the stock absolutely tanks, yeah, you're going to lose money. If the stock goes bankrupt, you're going to lose money. That's why you don't do this with stocks that you don't, that you wouldn't mind owning. At some point, you're going to end up getting this side. But it might be a good thing. That's why I mean, that's why I own undershares of Netflix. I was selling puts against it. And then when they got a sign, but then the stock won't weigh up. So it was like, you need to be in a good thing because it was a stock I wanted. That's the key. And that brings up another point. Netflix is a tech stock. It's more volatile. It has one more higher beta. And so higher volatility in stocks means more premium. So you'll get paid more cash to agree to sell the call or more cash to agree to sell the put. So it's really cool. And again, I help out people all the time. I help out white boy Brian. I help out Jonathan. I'm like, hey, what kind of strike price should I sell? Like, hey, do this. And then boom, this is what selling options looks like as time passes. Boom, he's making money. Another example of this would that you want to think of it like is imagine you buy a property. And then you rent it out. That's basically what's going on rental property. Selling or covered call is like collecting rent. You're renting out your property. Or the home value can go up. And the home value can go down. You're not maybe so focused on the actual value of the home. Sure, you don't want the home value to go to zero. Like, you want the stock to go to zero. But when you're selling cover calls, just think of it like you're collecting rent. Except for you don't have to do the whole hassle with real estate. I like real estate too. It's an alternative asset class, but it can help you diversify. Yeah, I've decided a lot of stocks to buy my home as well. And it's. But it's dope that you, when you do it. Yeah. So just just a quick recap and some quick tips. Select a stock with strong fundamentals. Don't do this on no shit stocks. OK. Don't be doing it. You sit on a fucking game stop or some shit. The premiums are high on game stop, but they're high for a reason. It could go bankrupt. Yeah. You know, look for a history of stable price movements. Yeah, it depends on the market environment too. You know, contact your local CMT. If you want to learn about forecasting stock market prices, because if you know that a stock is likely going to go sideways or slightly higher, that's an advantage that you have in the stock market, especially when it comes to the wheel. Obviously, select the strike prices for your goals. If you don't want to get called away, you have to sell off foods that are further out of the money. We don't want to get super nerdy and talk about like Delta and probability of the touch. I don't even be looking at that shit, man. Again, I do have you on one fucking speed doubt, or if I need a fucking advice, so I maybe has an advantage in. Another quick tip. I don't want to combine too much technical analysis with this, but if a stock has like a resistance zone, that could be a potential area to sell a covered call on. It's like for example, I own the stock VNO. What's it, right over here? I've got a whole account just dedicated for the wheel. If you want to, you can sell options at where there's going to be like some sort of resistance, because that's going to be an area where the stock could potentially drop from those aren't exactly perfect resistances. But you can use technical analysis to pick your strike price. You pick fundamental analysis, which is like the technical price earnings, audacious to pick the stocks you want. You want to do this with it, right? But then technical analysis, which is like the char patterns, the shit to pick your injury points and your strike prices. Exactly. And all that does is just increase your probability of success. Yeah. And it's really, really nice. So I'll put that to Manso. And be sure to manage your risk. Don't try to do too much on one stock, try to diversify. And maybe you have some wheels running on like silver, gold, maybe you have a wheel running on like oil, maybe you have a wheel running on ABR or like maybe you have a wheel running on bonds. Not when you're not all in one asset class, and you've got cash flow coming in from all plastic classes. For sure. Listen, guys, anyone want to know more about this Manso. You can highlight Greg. He's always in the discord. I'm into discord. The victory unit discord. We in there all the time, man. Listen, Greg. Thank you so much, bro. That was a fantastic presentation. You really, really did a great job. Oh, thank you. I really appreciate it. You did a good job too. It was fun. From a flat thing. Yeah. Bad man and robbing or some shit like, I, please.