It's almost summertime and I know a lot of you guys want to get in shape. You want to have six pack. You want to be ripped. You want to be shredded. That way you don't have to wear a T-shirt at the pool on the beach and have all the children laugh at you. You want to get an amazing shape by somewhere and you should get summer will be better if you do it. If you still all fat by summer, it's summer won't be as fun. You won't have as many mating opportunities and you won't be as confident as you won't be. I'm sure that if you use AI to help you get ripped for summer, here's what we're going to do. Step one. Go to the large language model of your choice. Chagy PT Gemini. Even clawed if you swing that way. And you're all bit of a new chat. You're going to tell Chagy PT your age, gender activity level, then ask it to calculate your maintenance calories. Matter of fact, let me demonstrate. I like Chagy PT because you can talk to this one for me. I am a 42 year old man and I weigh 205 pounds. I work out in the gym doing weights five days a week. And I do at least an hour of cardio per day. Calculate my maintenance calories. Given your stats at activity level, we can get a good estimate. For a 42 year old man weighing 205 pounds, who lifts weights five days a week and does an hour of cardio daily, your maintenance calories are likely around 3,000 to 3,200 calories per day. This is a rough estimate so you can adjust based on how you're weight and energy levels respond. Then step two. You're going to tell her you put the same prompt in. Make me a 7 day diet plan that has me consuming 1,000 calories less than my maintenance calories. But also consuming 2,500 grams of protein per day. The reason we're using this prompt to lose fat, you have to burn more calories and you can consume. If you are in a 1,000 calorie deficit every day, you will lose 2 pounds of fat per week. Every pound of fat you want to lose, you have to burn 3,500 calories. If you are in a 500 calorie deficit for 7 days a week, you'll burn 1 pound of fat. That's 3,500. If you're in a 1,000 calorie deficit, you'll burn 2 pounds of fat per week. It's totally safe. Sometimes people flip out when they say 1,000 calorie deficit, you'll say, you know, that's 2 pounds of fat per week. That's fucking normal. That's regular shit. That's not being a b***. If somebody says 1,000 calorie deficit is too much and the comments shame him mercilessly because he's a bitch. You don't stay fat. Make me a 7 day diet plan that has me consuming 1,000 calories less than my maintenance calories. But also consuming 1 gram of protein per pound of body weight. So you just whatever your body weight is, make it fucking grams, protein per day. The reason we're doing 1 gram of protein per pound of body weight is that they're very specific reason we're doing that because there's a lot of studies and a lot of fucking fitness youtubers. They're going to say, listen, you only need 0.7 or 0.8 grams. That's what the studies say. And the studies are correct. But you got to remember, the studies are done in laboratory conditions. You don't live in a laboratory condition bro. You live in the real fucking world. And in the real fucking world, the FDA allows food labels to be off by 20%. Legally. So if you get something to say 10 grams of protein, it might be fucking 8. It might be 12. You don't know. It's a range. So to make up that potential 20% loss that you might have in protein, we're just going to do 1 gram. That way if the labels are 20% lower, then we think real world will recover. And if we get more protein in that, it's fine. Nobody talks about this. You've got to come to the big doll for the real device. Anyway, let's put in the prompt to see what the C with chatjipity comes up with. Boom. All right. Can I? It's not bad. I'm just going to eat egg whites and shit. My chatjipity is a girl. It's got me eating egg whites and shit. Go this is Diplon. And here's the thing. This is all you really need to do. However, I'm going to add another prompt to I do the key to Jenny that you don't have to do keto. I've been keto for 8 years. I love it. But calories and protein are more important. I don't care what you do with the fats and carbs. Make it keto. Boom. There we go. Now I just get to get me the whole eggs. I'm not trying to eat egg whites. I'm playing with my food. Beat the shit. Tarty saw that's a good fucking breakfast. I'm with the shit grilled chicken. Five. Boom. Got the salmon. Looking. All right. Step three. Get this shit to your girlfriend and wife. It's say he has give fucking directions. How? If you don't got a girlfriend or wife, you're the A. That's why your fat ass is bug watching this video, man. You're going to do this video. Get this shit to your girlfriend or wife, man. You got your fucking custom meal plan for the week. Let me make some alterations, right? I don't like eating chicken. I don't like chicken that much. I know Juddin from my skin color. You may have assumed I had a natural predisposition for love and chicken. So when I may come to answer surprise and many of you, but I don't fuck with grilled chicken. So I'm going to tell chat jippity. I don't like chicken breasts. I said all you chicken wings or legs. I'm still black, but I don't like chicken breasts. I'm just kidding. I don't like chicken breast. Read through my plan without it. Got it. No chicken breast. Here's a revised version. There we go. It's way better. So you gave me steak instead of chicken. It's fucking way better. Sam in with the skin. They want this to this fire. Damn, I get a cheese out. I'm like, you know, man. Let's go grab pork chops. So boom. Listen, this alone will get you wish a. You may be thinking, hey man, I don't have a workout plan yet. No problem. Here's the proper use. Write me a workout plan to go along with it. If you want to make it even better, base it on the teachings of famous handsome youtuber, brand and carter. I wouldn't leave that last part if you want it to be good. Boom. Seven-sized workout plan goes perfect. Here we go. All right, they got you doing full body workout. I have some videos on push pull legs. Sorry, understand what they did that. Right, man. Yeah, I do do a lot of hit workouts that make sense. Doesn't that bet you can have brand and carter coaching. Now here's the thing. Now we need to track it. So what you want to do is get yourself some sort of fitness tracker. I use the ordering, but you can use the Wump. You can use Apple Watch Fitbit, Samson Watch if that's you think. Some of the fitness tracker tracks your calories, the calories you burn every day. And then track your macros. Like when you go through this meal plan, put it in my fitness pal. Some people are so against tracking your macros. I get a lot of put bit men on the trick. My calories. I'm like, you sound like a fucking bitch, man. All it's just put numbers in the phone. So I've been a bitch. They ain't fucking hard. These are us too hard. Hard compared to what, man. Every day I see them off of this clean in the windows when I look at them. And these condoms of Miami hanging from the fucking side of the building cleaning windows like a latino spider man. Right, that's hard. You, I'm just telling you to put fucking numbers in the phone so you can stop being a fat boy. Anyway, I'm trying to count as you burn everything and track the calories you consume every day. Now here's what I want you to do. I have a free notion template where you can actually start tracking this shit, right? Because again, loser fat is just math. So the track calories you can consume every day. You can say what they say. We follow our diet every day, 2100. Let's say you set the gold of burn. 3100 every day. And again, you would be actually tracking this with your fitness tracker. Boom, that puts you in a thousand calorie deficit. Remember, burning fat is just math. It doesn't matter if you keto fucking vegan. If you wanted to do that, the other shit fine. What's important is burn your more calories than you consume. Now, I have a tracker where you can actually start tracking this every day. It's called the Victor revision planner. You can track your calories and consume them burn and I had this formula that adds it up for you. You can track your protein in it. And you can set up other habit tracking stuff that you want to track. I use it every day is more complex than what I just showed you on the screen. Go ahead and download that now. It's 100% free. And I feel like you got the game plan to get it shaped by summer. You know what I'm saying? Using AI. Let's get it.