It's time to stop being fat. I wanna have you guys stop being fat. Once and for all, and I'm sure you had to do it fast. Now to be clear, in this video, I'm gonna break down everything you need to burn fat fast. I don't wanna hear any of you talking about this unsustainable. Fast and unsustainable. When it comes to fat loss, those goals are in conflict with each other. You can have one, but you can't have the other. If you wanna lose weight fast, if you wanna burn fat fast, I'm gonna show you on this video. If you want some sustainable, then you need to leave this video. Like right now, we'll wait for you to leave. All right, cool. And that all the lazy bitches are gone. I can talk to the tough guys who are ready to lose weight fast. I think that all that sustainable diet shit has been pushed on you by fitness influencers who think you are a bitch. And that's why they give you that easy shit. To lose fat, you have to be in the glory deficit. It's quite literally a mild form of starvation. How would you wanna sustain starvation? I think you should get ripped as fast as possible. Then, once you hit your ideal body weight, you move into a plan that you can sustain. Let's get ripped fast as possible, then move into something sustainable. And just to vanish is it at one, you make progress fast. You stop being fat quicker. So, if you're taking you mad long to lose weight, you are likely to get discouraged. And quit, I seen it happen playing it's arms. I've been a person restraining for over 25 years. But one of the things I specialize in was helping people get ripped as fast as possible. And then, we're moving into some sustainable. This is gonna be super difficult. In fact, this may be one of the most difficult fat loss protocols any of you have ever seen. Definitely more difficult than almost anything any of you have ever embarked on. You clicked on a video because you wanted to lose fat fast. If you wanna get it easy, you should go somewhere else. Probably a middle-aged white woman somewhere on the internet. She's got some easy you can do. This is gonna test how hard you are, how tough you are. And a lot of you will fail, but it's not very much. All right, there's three steps to this protocol. And each one of them is gonna get more difficult than the last. I'm sure I'm gonna lose many viewers throughout this video. This is not the video I would post if I wanted to get a million views, but it will work of that I showed you. So, first thing you need to lose fat is you need to be in a caloric deficit. Meaning you have to burn more calories than you consume. The reason you have to do that is because the way the human body works on a biological level, the reason your body stores fat is because, you know, this whole being able to eat whenever you want shit is pretty new as far as human history is concerned. If our ancient ancestors wanted to eat something they had to grow it or kill it. You just have to go on your phone and order Uber eats. Our ancestors would go through long stretches of famine. And if they kill a buffalo or a willy mammoth, the whole tribe would eat the whole mammoth, because, you know, refrigerators hadn't been invented yet. That fool was about the right. They needed to eat it all, because they couldn't store for later. But they could store it for later. If they ate it all, those extra calories will be stored as fat. Listen, I never killed a willy mammoth. What I'm about to say is just a hypothesis, but I would assume it's difficult to kill mammoths with sticks and stones. It was super difficult for them to actually kill these motherfucking animals. So, if they did kill when they eat it all, then they probably go through some starvation period. And that's been the majority human history, feast and famine. And we evolved in order to get through that by eating a surplus of food. And when we are in a clore deficit, meaning we're not getting a lot of food or not getting a lot of calories, your body would use that fat as energy. We have to do the same thing to lose fat now. We have to be in a clore deficit. To burn a pound of fat, you have to actually burn 3500 calories. So, you have to be in a clore deficit of 3500 for every pound of fat that you want to burn. How do we make sure this happens? Well, we have to track. This is where I'm a lose lot of you motherfuckers. But I'm telling you this will work. So, here's a study done by Duke University where they had people tracking everything they ate. We're going to use just ignore all these other lines. We're going to talk about this as one in gray. This gray line, all they did was tail the participants in a study. They just track what you ate for three months. They didn't give them any diet plan. They didn't give them any protocol. They didn't even tell them to be in a clore deficit. They didn't tell them anything. They got zero instructions. All they said was track what you ate. Guess what happened? You guessed it. These motherfuckers started eating less. All the participants started to lose weight when they started tracking. Now, when they stopped tracking that month three and they started to gain some of the way back. So, the first thing we're going to be doing is we're going to be tracking our diet. If you did want some easy, that's about as easy as it gets. You don't even have to follow what diet plan according to the study from Duke University. These are fucking scientists. All you have to do is track what you eat. They use my fitness powder track. Just track everything you eat and you'll lose weight. You could just do that if you wanted something simple and easy. You guys want to lose weight fast. These motherfuckers lost on average, you know, a little over five pounds and three months. I wouldn't call that fast. We're going to take it up and not. So first thing you're going to do is you're going to be tracking what you eat. And then a lot of people you're asking, how do you track food that you can't find on my fitness pal? I don't eat food. I can't track. I keep a food skill moment everywhere I go. I've shown in in tons of videos tons of times. And I track everything I keep it on me and I just wait my food even at restaurants. And I put it in my fitness pal and it's super easy. It only takes a second. If you do that, man, you'll lose weight. Listen, if you can't track your diet, this is the easiest diet plan I've ever heard. No diet. Just track what you eat and study, show your lose weight. If you can't even do that, get the fuck away from this video. Leave. In order to track if you got to get that food skill, this is fast. If not trying to be easy, keep a food skill on you every day everywhere you go. And though a lot of people are thinking of typing, that's too much work. I don't want to do that. You shouldn't be watching a video about burning fat fast if you're not willing to be extreme. This is not for you. This is extreme fat loss protocol. I've been doing that every day for over a decade. It's not a big deal to me, but I am tougher than you. The next step, you need, is you need some sort of wearable to track the calories you burn. I used to use the Apple Watch for that for years. If you watch my old videos, I'm always wearing an Apple Watch. But I switch to the ordering because it blends in with my entire, you know. The watches out we're now, they don't track my heart rate, but the calories, but they raise your bitches heart rate. And they, you can use an Apple Watch or a ring or a garment or a fit bit. And you want to use that to track the calories you burn each day. Listen to me, listen to me, pay attention. It's not 100% accurate. I know that. One is some sort of baseline because what's the alternative? The alternative is just guess. We know it's going to be a range. Wearables, they usually over estimate your calorie expenditure per day. Even food labels are not 100% accurate. It's fucked up, right? Check this out. The FDA allows food labels to be 20% inaccurate. Meaning, it can be 20% wrong in either direction. It's just a fucking range. Like we're not sure what we want to make the range as tight as possible. What we're going to do is we're going to air on the side of caution. Now once you're tracking the calories you burn and you're tracking the calories you consume each day, then you need to actually have that data and put it somewhere. Let me show you what I mean. This is why I do for the people I train and what I've done for myself for decades. So you get some sort of spreadsheet every day. You come in here and you put in the calories you consume each day. Let's say you consume 2,000 calories this day. Oh, now we want to be in a deficit, right? So let's say we burn 3,000 calories a day. All right? Oh, that means we burn a thousand calories. Let's say we do it every day. Now again, you have to track this stuff because remember, right? Just tracking your lose weight. You'll succeed if all you did was track your lose weight according to studies. All right? Let's say we just kept it the same. I'm just going to be simple. Use a simple math for you according to this. We're in about a thousand calorie deficit each day. You may be saying, hey, man, I heard such and such as saying we want to be in a 500 calorie deficit or influencer someone so said, you just need a 500 calorie deficit. Get listen asshole. If that shit you saw from another video, work for you, you wouldn't be watching another video on how to burn fat with you. Shut the fuck up in a polygized me. We're just going to simple math. Let's just say you did everything perfect each day. You won't. But let's just say you did. You should burn. Remember, every pound of fat is a 3500 calories. You should burn 2 pounds of fat. It should work. It's math. Now, here's the thing. Remember, if it's track is 100% accurate. But then put you in a nice tight range. And that's why we overshoot. We take it. We take it a little higher to make up for it the potential and adequate in accuracy. And you track it. I'm using notion for this, but you can use Google Sheets and just put in a formula and then it comes out this night. You see what your average is every week. I'm going to put a sheet in this video. Kind of like the one I had. So you guys can use. You can start tracking the shit yourself. And that's part one. You want to make sure you're tracking everything. Now, how many calories should you have each day? How many calories should you burn each day? What do your macros should be? That's step two. You got to get your calories and the macros down. What exactly are you going to eat? Let's talk about the diet. I think you should have at least one gram of protein per pound of lean body mass. Lean body mass. You might have to get a dexist scan or find a way to measure what your lean body body mass gets your body fat percentage. Get an estimate of what your lean body mass and you want to get at least one gram of protein per pound of body weight. I know you've heard some other fucking youtuber reference some study. Maybe you read a study saying that you don't need that much protein. That maybe 0.7 or 0.8 grams of protein is enough. However, those studies were done in controlled environments with spiccientists. They knew exactly how much protein that person was consuming. Remember, we don't. We're doing the best we can. But the FDA allows food labels to be wrong. They have a 20% margin of error. Meaning, if you buy some shit and it says it has 10 grams of protein, it might have 8. It might have 12. They're allowed to have 20% wrong in either direction. So to account for that, instead of 0.8, we're going to do one gram. Make up for it at potential 20% loss. Because we're in the real world when I do it in labs, the way that the studies were done. We're in a controlled environment. Now remember, I said at least, I've been a person training for over 25 years. I've trained thousands of people, both in person online. And people seem to have success with higher protein than even one gram. I'm not telling you what to do. I'm just telling you people are trying. When I'm cutting, I take my protein up to at least 1.5 or 2 gram. At least. And there's a few reasons for that. One, there's some studies. It says it's certain that on a ketogenic diet, a little bit, it's more so high protein ketogenic diet. And that's what I do. In this study, it talks about how when you have doing a high protein ketogenic diet, which is what I do. It drastically reduces your appetite. But just high protein in general, we'll give you more satiety. And you're less likely to be hungry if your protein is high. Right? So protein is satiety. And your way less likely to be hungry if your protein is super high. And if you're not hungry, that makes it easier for you to keep your calories low. I mean, that's one macro you want to have. So we want to keep our protein at least 1 gram. Your fats and carbs. I don't really give a fuck what you do with fats and carbs. Keep your protein at 1 gram of lean body mass. And we want to keep your calories. It lean body mass times 10. So if your lean body mass is 200, then you want 2,000 calories that day. And I know you may be saying, that's too little. Right? Remember, we're doing this fast. You wanted to be fast or not. You wanted to be fast or you wanted to be easy. But if you do it, you will lose weight. That means just math. You'll be in a caloric deficit. But your protein will be high enough to retain the majority of your muscle or at least a good portion of your muscle. I don't care what you do with your fats and carbs. Some of you hate keto. Some of you love hot carbs. I don't give a fuck how you do it. Right? I'm just putting it up and keeping calories at your lean body mass time 10. Which is going to be super, super low calories for most of you guys. I caution you against filling the rest of those calories with carbs. Because if you fill it with fat, you're more like they'd be in a ketosis. It's another study that you show keto diets actually decrease cravings. Right? And the decrease appetite. You can see how that can be beneficial. If you're not as hungry and your calories are super low, it might be easier to hit here today. And then you may be thinking that the high protein is going to kick you out of ketosis. That's just not been my experience. No matter how high I take my protein, I test my blood glucose level twice a day every day. Keeping my protein at the levels I don't tell you as long as my carbohydrates levels were low, I usually stay in ketosis. And this doesn't be test my blood ketones twice a day. This is where people are trained. I have never trained somebody and they've gone out of ketosis. But I consume it too much protein. I just haven't seen. I know that study say, Google Neo Genesis, so kick you out of ketosis. I just haven't seen that in the real world. However, being in ketosis is not necessarily what we need for this diet. You just need the protein to crush your appetite. And here's the thing, the problem is, man. Some of you won't focus on a fill-up of carbs. And I know you guys hate the ketogenic diet and you want to attack me from, like, you want to attack me for even suggesting that some of you should do. And the reason you want to do that is because you're addicts, sugar addicts. Because sugar is addictive. The idea of giving up sugar is fucking with you, but here's prison. University would a whole study talking about how addictive sugar is. They say it's similar to drugs. You can eat candy and cake. And as long as you're in a chloroid deficit, you will lose weight. You can't. But can you do that? Can you do that? Probably not. There's another study about how addictive sugar is, Mount Sinai. On top of weight gain, the consumption can cause irreparable damage. Putting you at higher risk, the diabetes, heart disease, depression, anxiety, memory loss, and even reduced brain volume. That's just sugar, man. That's just sugar. So that's why you guys get so mad when I suggest cutting carbs. But you can eat carbs if you want. The problem is carbs make you hungry because they're addictive. So that's the diet plan. When you're hungry, you're living weight. Your calories are going to be super low. You're not going to put on a lot of muscle during this time. I recommend you do three to four full body workouts per week. One to two exercises per body part. It just do that. Focus on compound exercises. I don't want to talk about this too much. You're not going to build a lot of muscle during this period. What I would do when it's talk about is the cardio you're going to do. So I want you to walk 20,000 steps per day. 20,000 steps. That is twice as much as normally recommended 10,000 steps per day. You remember, this is extreme. We're trying to burn fat fast, right? Extreme results. You're going to burn your extreme. If you walk 20,000 steps per day on average, you should burn an additional 1,000 calories per day. At least on average, it's going to vary depending on your high weight. I'm just talking about the average person. You should burn an additional 1,000 calories per day. But remember, you're already in a deficit because you're keeping your calories so low. So on top of that, we're going to burn an extra 1,000 calories just that alone. You're burning 2 pounds at fat a week. You're going to take the average person about 2 hours. I said this before and this big fitness influencer who will remain nameless said that nobody has enough time to walk that much. Nobody has enough time to walk that much. A simple search on YouTube will show you that this like, white ladies doing it man, like fucking women, tiny women are doing it. What is this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, you to work. Flitton is fitness influencer would say, hey, man, it's too much. This chick did it. I don't know why he's not tough enough to do it. So this chick did it. This fella did it. Who else, man? This guy did it. He not even ripped. He just a regular guy. This guy did it. This is all types of people doing it actually, you know. So don't let nobody tell you. This guy's doing 30,000 steps a day. This guy's doing, so people are doing it. He's why I'm trying to say man. And I had a video where I talked about doing it. I'm going to comment from news one in particular. I took this challenge. The two sessions of 10k today, it took one hour before work, one hour after work. All right. I mean, listen, that's normal. And he did it. He lost away, made it, did a great job. Like it can be done. It's less than if you wanted some easy, you shouldn't watch this video. But the reason we're walking instead of doing something and crazy cardio or running is because our calories are going to be so low. If you do hit cardio, problem with that is it's almost like resistance training for your muscle. We want to do some low impact. But we still burn a lot of calories. You can just walk, man. Walk in the morning, walking after the meal. And you should be able to hit this, you know. Listen, if you got kids or dog, you can go walking with your kids somewhere. They'll enjoy it. Walk your dog, dogs love being outside. Walk your girlfriend. You got to need to walk your girlfriend's man. Put on a leash, take, I mean, hold her hand. And I would do it together. You know, and that's all it. We're going to do a full body workout, one of two exercise upper body part. You want to pick the compound movements. Three to four sets depending on, you know, how well trained you are. Do that three to four times a week because we're not really going to focus on it. We just want to maintain as much muscle as possible. Lift heavy when you're doing it. Like, oh, that's the key when you're lifting lift heavy. But also, it's this cardio and this diet. That's what's going to do it, man. There are a few supplements that I take. I'm not telling you to do this when it comes to something. Hey, YouTube moderators, I'm not telling the viewer to do this. I'm saying me. I get the obligatory. I got to tell you that I'm going to satisfy my replacement therapy. I got onto your T like right before I turn it forward. You're 40, 42 now. If you were in your 30s, you should probably look into it as well. My testosterone. It was a man get testosterone was low because you went on keto. Um, do some studies to show that this can actually keto can actually raise testosterone. My testosterone wasn't like crazy low. It was in the normal range, but it was the low end of normal for some of my age. And I just didn't want that. So I went on the fucking juice. All right, whatever. Go fuck yourself. Even before the TRT, this is what I did when I was cutting. I took this supplement is called bronchate. Bronchate has in it a ingredient called a fegera. A fegera when I was in high school. A feger was in every fat burner pill because it worked. Fegera gives you a ton of energy and it really reduces your appetite. In America, I don't know what it's like in other countries, but in America, you have to go to the farms that go behind the counter. You've got to be over 18 and you have to give. And I had, I'm not telling you what to do. This is what I have to do when I get it. You shouldn't use it. So I'm just saying what I do. I have to give the farms as my ID. They look at it. Oh, okay. Do some shit in the computer. And then they fucking give me the shit. All right. I guess I got to make sure I'm not making meth out of it or something. Well, I take this two to three times a day. Plus, two to three hundred milligrams of caffeine. Two to three times a day. This is what I do. I'm not telling you what to do. It's what I do. I'm not telling you what to do. Do whatever you want. You can get it from like a can of Celsius. That's a cool way to get it or pre-work out. Whatever two to three times a day depending on your tolerance. Plus, bronch A, two to three times a day. You'll have a ton of energy, which is important. The fedgera and the caffeine to give you ton of energy. Both of those are appetizing presence. As a member, keeping our calories super low. We want to do everything in our power to keep our appetite low. So it's easier to adhere to this protocol. And it's one more thing you've got to get. This ketone aid. This is exogenous ketone esters. This is not like the ketone salt, usually. This is something different. This is ketone esters. It's just a waste on it. This stuff tastes like trash. I never tasted garbage dumpster juice. But I imagine that this is what it tastes like. But you know, nope, nope. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. I take shots of this. It's like the dose that you fill up a cap full of it. And I'll take multiple doses throughout the day. What it does is man, every time I start filling hungry, if I take a shot at that, I'm not hungry anymore. And it gives you more energy. It's exogenous ketones, but like a super strong version of it. Your body makes ketones. And the absence of glucose, liver return, fat, either fat that you ingest or body fat into ketones, nest a few of that your body will run out. However, this really helps people when they're trying to adjust it to the ketogenic diet. Why their body is trying to learn how to make ketones. You can just give it some ketones. You don't need me to be doing a ketogenic diet to benefit from this, right? It's just like another fuel source. It's super dope. Now, full disclosure, you can see I do be mindless shit, full disclosure. I'm really cool with the CEO every once in a while that send me some shit. They never pay me the endorsement. I noticed a difference, bro. I take this during the day, even when I'm not cutting. You know, I take it first in the morning, every morning, every morning, the start my day off. Right. So now we'll have energy so we can walk all these fucking 20,000 steps. This also suppresses appetite. So we have three appetite suppressors. Right? You do that three times a day. It'll be difficult to eat more calories than you supposed to. Plus, if you do it with majority of protein and you keep your carbs low, that's also going to suppress appetite. This is how you adhere to this crazy ass protocol. But it'll also give you the energy to walk all these fucking steps. Okay, I'm not telling you what to do. I wouldn't do this without the bronchi, without the effedre. Like I do not like doing this shit without the effedre. It's probably the most potent appetite suppressant. The fat loss of the fat loss of the fat loss of the two part process, the lapoluses and oxidation. Lepoluses when your fat cells break down in the fatty acids, oxidation is when you're body uses those broken down fat cells for energy. And steady show that the feds are speeds up the policies. But it also gives you energy so you didn't fucking start moving more and you can oxidize that shit. If it legal to put it in fitness supplements, right, nobody built a supplements because it used to be in every fat burner when I was a kid in the 90s. I was 16 years old taking this shit before basketball games, found everybody. I found out of every game, almost. I let the league in fouls. I was a rip little kid. Legend has it. It was some high school wrestlers or some college wrestlers who were trying to make weight. So they were dehydrating themselves, taking a bunch of effedre and they were running around with those garbage suits on with no water trying to make weight for an event. And kids die. I'm not telling you to do it. In fact, I'm telling you not to take it. Don't take it. What is it, man? Everything I tell you is not just based off my own experiences based off training. Levered thousand people were the last 25 years. You know, I've been a personal trainer for a man long. I was one of the first online trainers. I built a multi-seventy figure online fitness business. And now I teach other people how to build their online fitness business. If you would like to know more about that, I have a free ebook that has shown you all about it. It's called the 10 Commandments of Online Training. Links in the description. This ebook will show you how to build your online fitness business even if you don't have a big following. And even if you don't have a lot of experience, you know, at least learn more about the business and see if it's right for you. Because it might not be right for you. But at least you can read the book, go through it. And I see some examples of some other people we've helped. And if you don't like it, if you find us not for you, at least you'll know how to read the free ebook. Anyway, at least in the description.