I'm up, it's about 5.30. I'm gonna create this super cold in the morning and that's my morning and all this shit. It's like unseasonably cold here in Miami. Miami makes you soft when it comes to weather. Back when I lived in New York or Chicago, this would be man. This is with nice out. For January, we're running through this day in a life video. Four shots of espresso mixed that espresso with the quest. I had to put the presentation together today. So I'm probably just gonna work straight. Alright so I did the presentation. They loved it as usual and now I'm gonna get some of eat. You know, take a look at my pantry guys. Only got two net carbs. This is my girlfriend stuff. You see mixed light. So I'm just gonna give you a child. So none of this is for me. And of course, only paper and plastic. You know, you know, all dishes. Not about the now something called carnivores next. These are like beef jerky chips. So they look like this. I'm gonna eat at the hotel. Only like 12 to the knees. And grams per ounce. So this is two ounces, 20 grams of protein. This cheese has seven grams of protein per ounce and it's six ounces in a year. Now I got chips in the dip. You don't much. No carbs. So I want to show you how some of them working on me. And this is a content station. Right? So it's got all these arms on it. It's got two lights. And I can put my cameras here. I'm gonna put a computer here. And this is gonna be like a station for a microphone. And I'm gonna put batteries here in shit. And this is gonna be a portable content station. So when I'm filming YouTube shorts or going live on Instagram and TikTok like I'm about to do right now, I can just use this. This is how it looks. And I'm going to have to go live on Instagram and TikTok because I got two phones, but before I was gonna have to press Altruc some shit and iPhone 15. I have a 16 but I haven't hooked it up yet because I just been too lazy to set the shit up, but it's in the box. Alright, so right now we're going on my boy Eli's boat. He have an aparti boat wearing or you know matching. Alright, so we on a boat just eaten chillin. It's a little chilly upstairs if you came to I so me with just came to pick me up. We had it the time's crib. He was going to film us as I look at some more section 8 properties to add to my portfolio. A lot of you know I've been on that reason that I've been my new investment vehicle. And a time is my mentor's said that he will help me get some more properties and y'all gonna learn some soup. I've been driving it on. I've got the Euro-Sound in front. Be as hell's. I've got the boss in real estate. I've got the biggest nice home of all my friends. Contest. I've seen my new bravest use grid. I just scooped this bitch up last week. Yeah. 2023 picked up with 1700 miles. The bravest got the exhaust, the tune, the thing around 750 horses. How much does this? This was 390. 390. A little underfloor in a thou. Wow. You've arboned five offenders. He's got the light bar actually turned it on. Very illegal. Don't worry about it. We had to modify the garage and pull the track back to so she would fit. This is sick. We got the red interior. This is nice. You got a jump up there. I got it so mostly for paintball. I paintball every weekend. You paintball every week? Yeah. I got him my whole all my rigs set up here. I didn't know that. I got a rig for you. And then I got a rig for me. Yeah, so we can go, uh, we can go shoot people. Yeah, I like that. And it's only white people there. So you can shoot as many white people as you want. That's been my dream. Yeah. You might be the first black paintball player there. So we're going to find out. It goes, maybe it was just a time for black history money. So maybe our oldies cars, which one is your favorite right now? My favorite car that I drive all the time is going to be the fanom. Still the favorite car. It's the most comfortable. It's the most unique. It's the most different. Like I said, all my friends in here, take my girlfriend out and no matter for going, I take it to the gym and sometimes I'll take it to dinner. So it's a very versatile car. But probably my second most driven. I just got the revolto last week. So I've been driving her a lot as well. This is this is a 2025 V12, 1000 horses. Two and a half seconds. You're a 60 or 2.4 to 60. It's a lot of fun to drive. This is the engine. That's the engine. Full exposed. Just ignorantly fast car, it's an early fast car. But it feels really planted. It's also a heavy car. Yeah, it's not as loud as your boat. The Hurra concert color. I think it's just because the hybrid engine is dampening it a little bit. Still the best sound in car in the collection now is probably the Ferrari. Ferrari sounds great with the twin turbo V8. This one is 650 horses and I paid around 620,000 for this one. This is purple on purple. Purple is my favorite coat. You know, you part this one and that one in my garage, right? Yeah, side parts. Both of them. We had a Hurra cane coming and I didn't know because I've never been here during a Hurra cane. Sounds like let me just park among the most two expensive cars up there. So, and then we got the OGs over there as well. We got the Rolls Race done on that side and then we also have the G-squared up there. In the Euro South side, right? Oh, yeah, forgot about that. I have a Lamborghini. Got us out there. Well, the Euro is... It's too many land. It's too many landbugs. Too many Rolls Raceers. But yeah, I was wondering why the garage was seeming like, yeah, so this is the town's better. Show me the software. Yeah, this is my section A Pro platform that I designed to find the best section A properties in the country. What we're looking at now are the most profitable counties in the U.S. The green means profitable. Yellow means kind of profitable red means you're losing money. So obviously the whole western part of the country, lot of red, not ideal landlord-friendly states, Midwest, southeast, works great for the section A program. You're going to have a lot of markets, for example, like this, a make an average of, you know, $500, $700 per month, a minimum. A lot of the properties they are going to make $800,000 per month. And we're going to go ahead and identify some. So the first thing that we want to do is find properties. Let's look at minimum $800 per month in net cash well. And we'll look up to $125,000. I'm not scared of a little bit more expensive property. The whole goal here is to buy moving ready. So what I want to identify at units that are going to be ready for a section A tenant on day one, something like this. This one's 128 is probably been on the market for a while. This unit's ready to go. Cash $849 depending on how much money we put down. So I'll keep that one favorite as well. And if you guys want to find seller finance deals, you can go ahead and toggle seller financing. And it'll show you all the deals in the country that don't require banks to buy them. So you don't have to put 20% down. You can go ahead and put $2,000, $3,000 down like Brandon did on his first deal. I'll pay $820. Yeah, I've actually not bought in Nebraska before. So this will be interesting. I'm the call and just try to get more information on it. And then I'm going to check crime in surrounding areas. Cash will here is really strong. $875. Let's see if they want to sell this thing. We're going to be talking to Katie Vanderley. Okay. Sounds responsible and pick up the phone. There's a big Katie. This is Katie. Okay. My name is Tom. I was interested in the property at a 505 Saunders. Is that still available? 505 North Saunders? Yes. In Saunders. Is that currently onerocupied or 10-nicocupied? I was looking to buy it as a rental. Yeah, it'd be a great rental. It is onerocupied. Okay. I couldn't really tell from the pictures is the roof and pretty good shape or is that neat or a place eventually? No roof. roof is in good shape. It had you'll see damage from the inside from prior roof. Okay. Issues that he has replaced that I think the roof is 6-7 years old. Okay. That's great. And then as far as he in the air there are furnace or boiler or houses setup right now. So it's furnace with an outside central area. Okay. And that's a central area. And I'd have to look a bit to eat bumper for a stair but it is a full furnace. Do you not that was recently replaced five six years or that old? No, that would probably the furnace would be how water heaters knew but furnace is probably at least 10 years old. Okay. That's fine. Did the question that I had on that unit? Is do you know what the rents are in that area? Yeah. It depends on what it is. The house next door is a rental on either side of it. So it's a great rental location because everybody can just walk to downtown to get everything. Rent in the area runs anywhere from $650 to $1,000. I want you're what you're getting. They're paying cheaper rent and they're... We're doing section 8. It's going to be a significant 1,000 and 1,200. Section 8 is showing around 1,600 right now. That's different things. But this one probably I would say this one's probably going to rent probably in the $850 to $1,000 range. Okay. Yeah, I mean, I've been interested in making an offer at 75,000. I'm already pre-approved with a lender. I don't know if they would entertain in that range if you've got an offer to get at least a sense of it. But... Yeah. So it was under contract and we have a full appraisal done at the list price that it's out. That was about the appraisal came in at. So I'll write up anything for him to look at and desire where it is. It kind of just depends on he's going to need time for his clothes and where everything is. But... I can be flexible on that. It's not something that I can be hurried on. So 60, 90, 120 days. If that gets the deal done at a decent price for me. So yeah, I mean, if you want to talk to him verbally about or if you want to write it up first before you talk to him either way, I can sign an offer to purchase today. Yeah. Let's just get feedback on the price and see if he's cool at that range. If so, then we can do that as part of the inspection and I'll just do a FaceTime with you. So I'll be abong us from Miami. But thank you. Cool. So a few things to note here. One is probably the market for 160 days. That's why I came in, $8,000. Actually, $9,000 less than the list price. She said that the rent would be in that $1,000, or maybe $900 range. That's normal for market rate tenants on a property like this in a small town in Nebraska. That's really common. But we're seeing rents anywhere from 20 to 35% higher with Section 8. The reason why Section 8 pays a lot more is because they want to incentivize people like me and Brandon to buy these properties and then put affordable housing tenants in there. So that's a good example about it. I would be doing financing on this. I have a lender that I would use. That would finance us at an 80% loan to value, meaning that I'm going to put 20% down on 75K. So I'll be putting $15,000 down on this property. Probably get a payment in the 500 range. And the property taxes are literal peanuts here. I think it's $650, $700 per year. So this will cash flow really, really strong with pretty minimal amount of money down. The next steps is that Brandon's going to sign the docu sign. We're going to go ahead and do an inspection on the property. Make sure that there's no major concerns with the unit. And then he's going to send a pre-approval letter that we have with my commercial lender. And then he should be able to close in two to three weeks. Guys, you want to learn more about how you can get into Section 8. Like I'm doing the way Tom's teaching me. Yeah, we actually do it a free training. This Monday to show you exactly how to do it. A Tom, what thing on the little early training? Yeah, so this Monday at 8 PM. Eastern time, I'm going to talk to you guys step by step on how to buy your first section of unit with only $2500 down to no credit. Show the exactly same way that Brandon got his first unit with seller financing. And now this one's going to be with the DSCR loan. So I'm going to show you there's multiple different ways to buy a property, either with cash, with financing, with seller financing. And be able to identify those units, see your buying the highest quality properties that are going to cash flow with a minimal amount of work. You don't want to miss that on this free training. All right, could be willing to give you this free training right now. We're both going to be on the training. So you're actually going to be able to ask Brandon questions about his journey. I'll be answering questions as well. And I'm going to give you 45 minutes of straight value. There's not going to be any fluff. We're not going to be talking about mindset. Ernie, that nonsense. We're going to be talking about buying affordable housing. So soon as I get to create my girl is here, we want to have friends and our friend owns a fur coat lie. And no over here, film him. We got to spy on it. Yeah, yes, yes, queen. Work. This is your line. What's the name of me? Love caddy. Lexford, like, Dean, what kind of animals this? Is it a rat, cool, baby? Baby, you ain't never had no rat cool on you. This is this is nice material you got here. No, for real, this is good. So like, what are the, what are you only use rat cool material? What? Foc. You got some foxes too? Is it for your colors? What, what, what color? My colors, you got. What are you doing? Oh, look at that flag. Why? Oh, man. Tell me here. Let me see the black one. So we headed to the next boat. I'm boy, Eric. But we was kind of cold. My amicode. Right. So we changed wrongs, please. You know, but I was looking at this sweater. I was like, oh man, if I keep making these games, I don't be aware. It's shit much longer. If I keep making these motherfucking games, look at that. Look at that. Our court consists. I went a little bit open with the cards today, but it's still under a hundred. Don't get some wonder. I had to grind. It's so hard not to act reckless. It's so young, but I'm feeling restless. It's so hard not to act reckless. But I'm young and I'm feeling restless. Coming to work, it's coming back wrong for you.