The other day in the live video, today is a busy day. We're starting the day all doing a photo show from my girls, Bikki Su-Dunai, and I've been here for a long time. It's her first business ever, but luckily he has an expert business coach helping her out. So we're going to do a photo show for the Bikki Meline. We're going to be a bunch of models there, like famous. You're going to be able to learn a lot about starting the business by watching this vlog today. A lot of people don't know this, but I started several fitness clothing lines that have done over seven figures for other influencers. When I was managing counter Murphy's business, he had a clothing line, and this being a few other guys I've worked with. So I know a lot about this industry, a pair of, I grow still in the wake, and we're supposed to leave in 30 minutes. So in the meantime, I'm going to go live, or Instagram, and TikTok. I normally do it on my, on one of my four balconies in this crib, but it's a little chilly outside, so I'm going to do an indoors. So this is how I set it up. I had two phones, I go live on TikTok, live on Instagram. And I'm going to have one light on right now, but I can have the lights up, and I do a short form content on this too. We got all the babies who's the stuff in here. Yeah, they choose to change the outfits, make a move over, panic liners, because the girl got changed, and got a big thing. We had the location for the shoof, my girl ordered a bunch of food and snacks and drinks for the models. And if it's hot, great, that's something you got to do when you have models, or talent. At your shoes, and then you got to make sure they fit and hydrate it. Can't, these holes out here, I'm pretty sure. Neemer came through, you know what I'm saying? Let's get it. The purpose of this shoot today is to get the initial social media content for her brand. Not only is she going to get great images, but she's also going to get great video. And if you know me, I built several multi-eight figure businesses off the strength of my social media, of the backbone of it. And then other influencers who I've worked with or managed in the past, they had big social media, which made a choir and custom for so much different. So one of the first habits you need to get into if you want to build a business, any kind of business. It's producing content consistently for social media platforms. It's a grand tiktok, you too. And you don't have to have $1,000 cameras like us. I started my first YouTube with a flip camp back in 2009. It was a $5 flip camp I got off the eBay, right? Usually that'll work with what you have. Most of you guys have phones, but I better than what I started with. We just got some food for the models in the talent and the videographers. Alright, so this is your first shoot for your brand, how you film her. Anches? Anches? Lervous? But that's because I'm a perfectionist. Yeah. And I want everything to go right in my way. Always. Come on, come here, come a little close. Don't be afraid, don't want to hurt you. No more coming in, let me just show you. Don't know, can't talk to me, just show you. Don't be obsessive, it could be intense. Hey babe, so this is your first shoot. Tell me what you're thinking. I want to get as much pictures as possible. Fly pictures, fabulous pictures, as out boobs out. Oh my girls are fly. Can't wait to post it. You got an amazing photographer, amazing videographer, and I can't wait for it. Come on, Cheswell. Yeah, what's your vision for this shoot today? My vision is to learn vibes. The girls are on a vacation, but in the backyard. Because we're still in Miami, but it doesn't look like we're in Miami. But as soon as you see the pictures, you won't know that we're in Miami. Notice she said titties and boobs. That's a marketing cheat code. The more boobs you can put in your kind to hand, the better it's going to perform. We have a lot of data to back that up. If you look at any of my old social media content or even my current social media content, it's a, you know what I'm saying? We still getting the popping out of the boobs. It's a cheat code, guys. So Gustav? Swim, suitor? Yes! Yes! We're going to a movie fantastical. Yes! To see! With these meta glasses you can go live on IG. You see, when it comes to social media growth, one of the keys is frequency. A lot of people want to know how often it is composed or how much it's composed. So you focus on quality, if you focus on quantity. What's important to understand is the more you post the faster your growth. So you need to be at a high frequency and least once a day. Some of my students like Corey Armstrong, he made $600,000 last year. He's posting three times a day minimum. When I first started my YouTube, I was posting twice a day, 6am, 6pm. And the CEO of Instagram came out with a real, he said explicitly, the more you post the faster you will grow. So we need to have high frequency, high frequency posting. But then there's the question of quality versus quantity. I understand what people say that, but the problem is sometimes people will not post because they're trying to be too perfect. Post with your phone. You don't need a fancy camera, you don't need fancy equipment, you don't need the fucking Telun vibes. You don't need all the shit we had, work your way up to that, start with your phone. And the quality comes from the quantity. This is very important. Quality comes from quantity. Putting out quality content is not about the equipment. It's about your talent, your skill level, and editing, and in filming and coming up with ideas. That comes from practice. And on the way you get good fast, it's the post frequently. And then you get feedback. You know what works and what doesn't. So the quality comes from quantity. If you start posting at least every day, you're going to get better way faster than somebody who's only posting once a week. And if you post three times a day, you're going to get better three times a day. And it's fair. So the quality will come from the quantity. And don't worry about putting out shit that ain't good right now, if you have a small following. Because the beauty of having a small following is nobody's going to see the wack shit. No one's going to see the wack shit. Right? And as you improve, you'll start to gain your following. Right? So frequency is super important. And you're fluent all the way from New York for her shoes. She can build this into a billion dollar brand. I'll be a stay home husband. I'll cook for every night. I'll be a stay home. I'll be a stay home. But until then. We got the importance of content. We got the importance of frequency. High frequency. But the third thing we need to focus on is make sure we're posted on the type of content that will bring sales. Because I know a lot of influencers who have tons of followers, hundreds of thousands of followers. But they're broke. I remember this one girl she wanted to join a high ticket trainer. And she had 500,000 subscribers. But she didn't have 500 dollars in her bank account. I was on a sales call with her. And she was like, oh, I want to do it. So bad. Just don't have the money. And then she shared the screen. You showed me your bank account. She had less than 500 dollars. But she had 500 dollars subscribers. The reason why she was broke because she wasn't close to the type of content. That would actually lead to sales. Here's how you produce the kind of content that we actually making some fucking money. First of all, you got to understand who your target market is. You're not making content for everyone. It's important that you figure out the smallest viable market and focus on them and only them. You don't want to be making content for everybody. In fact, some people should really dislike it. That's how you know you're right. When the people who are not just talking market, really dislike your content. That's how you know you're on a right track. And you don't have to be deliberately polarizing. But it should only speak to a certain demographic. For example, when I first started my online business, my target market was young men. Pulse. So I only wanted to track young men to my content. No, diddy. Of course. So I made content that they would be interested in. I had a lot of beautiful young women in my content. But not because I wanted to sell to women, we used to track the guys. No, diddy. And then I made content around their goal. So it wasn't all young men. It was young men who wanted to get ripped. Not guys who wanted to be pro athletes. Not guys who were in the fitness for longevity. I got this one to be powerless. This guy's wanted to be ripped. Right? Muscular low body fat. Because I knew why they wanted to be muscular low body fat. But a women. So I made content that gave advice on how they become muscular low body fat. But I also had tons of women there. I was always surrounded by young beautiful women. And these were just girls that I knew in New York when I was living out there. Girls I knew or maybe at Neo, my boys when they were white boy, blind. And we thought he's with me in the video to help attract views. But then we also gave them tips. Right? So we wanted to entertain but also educate. And because of the combination of the entertainment, attracted a bunch of people who are on my target market. But the education made them trust more. And gave them more confidence in making a purchase for me. All right? If it was just entertainment, like if I was just doing skits or asking girls, their body count and shit like that is difficult to make money. Off fitness with that, right? Because now I'm just an entertainer. Flavor flavor is a good entertainer. But you know, I don't want him to do my accounting. You've got to have entertainment and education. You've got to educational topics that your target market has a problem. You can solve an entertainment that will bring them in. I talk about this a lot more of my free ebook, the 10 Commandments of Online Training. Show you got to go your own life in this business. I really break it down a way in where detail you can click the link in the description and download that and get a bunch of other tips about everything I'm talking about in the video. Download that ebook. So when it comes to making the content from my girls business, the very first thing we did really before she even started the brand. We talked about who the target market was. I would say young women called it 25 to 35. And then I said, okay, what is this woman's goals? What are her aspirations? What is she wanting out of life? And according to her, she said that the type of young women that she wanted the market to women wanted a more luxury lifestyle who loves to travel and loves to be a shape. Not necessarily a fitness girl, but just a girl who wants to be a shape. This shoe is going to embody all of that, right? We picked background, there's going to be more luxurious. It's going to look very affluent in all the models. They're not fitness models, they're women who aren't in shape. They're not in shape the same way a fitness model is. But they're women who aren't shaped, they're slim, sexy. And basically we want the content to embody the hopes and dreams and the ideal lifestyle of the target market. So if you're a coach, you have to entertain an educator. Then with a pair of brands, you're selling lifestyle image. You're giving me to see that brand and think it's an extension of their hopes and dreams. And that's what we're doing here in the show. That a goal of needing some of the homies for a little mass amount on my boy Eli. But, but, but, but, but, but, but what do you think of your shoe today? It went better than I expected. Amazing. Just look at the girls, they look fucking fire. I love it. Also, I love everything about it. Alright, so now I'm headed to my boy Eli's boat. Guess more of our entrepreneur friends. We're going to be doing some match in my talk about business. Shit. Should be cool. Eli has a culture company where he teaches real estate photographers how to build their real estate photography business. I know. You would think that's like a crazy niche that couldn't work. And he makes millions every year all organically. He doesn't spend any money on ads. That's the power social media. Like he makes content specifically for a super small target market. He educates them and it takes them to teach them. And then they buy his products. Did it make money? I just got off the boat. Now where we headed to the heat game. That's good. You know what it is. I got too much getting online. One rule then that I'm on site. One moves up and they go on ride. No need for the telephone high. No need for the snooze. Big whip outside. I'm cruisin' big stick inside. No snooze. Alright, so the fucking heat loss. We lost man. Does your first heat game, right? Yeah. First game, I appreciate it. Yeah, no problem. I had a blast. Yeah, thanks Jeremy for giving us the tickets. I wish you a little warm but. Now did you move that out here, man? We don't go for the more games. Yeah, we're gonna become a good one. It's pretty big. Yeah, I'll come from the top of the maps. Fuck the maps that you're on. Yeah, he's setting up the heat. Yeah, we might seem that. Well, we lost Butler, so I'm, I feel your pain from here. So I'm back home. My mma heat. Fuckin' lost to the nicks. Next fans. Next fans get so fucking hype when their team is winning. No one they're gonna lose in the first round of the playoffs. As usual. Oh, look at they made it to the Eastern Conference. Final since the 90s. It's been like my fucking 40 years since they've been in Eastern Conference finals. Ain't wanna championship since the 70s and they, next fans all hype. Anyway, that's what a typical day is like. The life of branding Carter. Hey, how was your shoot? What do you mean? Rinsausted. It turned out a pity. I think you got some good images. I think you got some good images, some good video. It's lit. Hey, if you want to search your own online fitness business. I had a free ebook for you called 10 Commandments of Online Training, the link's in the description. It's a hundred percent free. It'll give you the game on how to do it. You learn about some stuff we talk about today. Today's like how to create engaging content that will actually bring you clients. So you can make money. You don't want to be these motherfuckin influencers who poor. There's a lot of them. So that book will put you down the right path. And if you want to start online fitness business, you'll show you how to train your clients. So they actually get great results. Because that's super important. Because if they don't get your great results, it's a fuck around. You get yourself a bad reputation. Down over the ebook is free. I gotta go to sleep because I gotta catch a flight in the morning. Going to Chicago, my hometown, get some work done, resounding secret mission. You know what it is. Thank you.