In this video, I want to break down an ad strategy that fitness trainers can use to get online clients and make up to $1,000 a day. I've seen it with a lot of the personal trainers who I've coached, the online trainers I've coached, and I've done this myself when I was focused on online training. I'm gonna be honest, you just strategy with something that I used to just kind of keep and only give it to people who paid me for coaching, for business coaching, but I wanted to share this with you guys, hope you guys get some more this bread. First, I want to tell you how I learned it. I learned it from one of my old mentors. His name was Kevin Hodo. He's a best-aid manager. I ever met. He used to run the ads for Alex Hermosis company, Jim launch when they were doing millions of months. And I joined his mastermind and he taught me this method. But I put my own spin on it because there's new technology out now that didn't exist when Kevin Hodo taught me this. Shout out to Kevin Hodo, rest in PC, die, to COVID. I just feel like it's important. I don't want to pretend that I made this up, right? I actually paid hundreds of thousands of dollars to join Kevin Hodo's mastermind and I learned that. I've showed you my mind me teaching it because he's dead now. But that was my boy. He was like a father figured to me. His legacy would live on through this video. And you making some of this motherfucking money. All right, now he called the strategy to Hydra. First, I'm going to show you Kevin strategy. And then I'm going to show you how we change it now for the new technology in the way to add platform exchange. So Hydra. So you make a bunch of videos short videos. Now, money, this is before Reals came out on Instagram. This is when he taught him. So maybe you make five to 10 videos. He posted more Facebook in Instagram. The how he added them, you random as a five to 10 videos. They're about one minute. And he should be helpful in formative videos. That he's our videos that don't have any CTA, CTA in marketing that means call the action. So you're not saying, hey, buy my shit. You're not saying, hey, follow me for coaching. All you're doing is giving value. Value based videos. And then Kevin said to run these as ads. So he didn't have you posted natively. You would just upload these to the Facebook ads manager. Then you could run them as ads on both Instagram and Facebook because Facebook on those Instagram. These are video ads. And now here's the thing. When you're running ads in ads manager, you have to set an objective. And the objective is going to be video views. Video views. Why do we pick video views? Because video views are the cheapest. And all we want people to do is watch this video. That's the only action we want them to take. You'll see why later. So on is, it's going to be whatever your target market is. If you don't know what target market to pick, within you're going to fail as an online trainer in general, right? It's very important that you have a niche when you are doing online training because you can train everyone, but it's very difficult to market to everyone. If you need some help with that, figuring out what your niche is with your target market is, then I have a free ebook. It's called the 10 Commandments of Online Training. And it's 100% free. And it will really break down a lot of these concepts that you may not be familiar with right now. But the very first thing is to know who your target market is. You have to know your niche and that book will help you kind of figure out who you should be marketing to. In general, your niche you want to pick either men or women. And the reason why you want to pick men or women is because it's difficult to market the men or women. If you look at secret the owner and you look at old spicy the owner and they're made by the same company, but they have different brands. Because it's difficult to market to both men and women. So this building, the company, Procter and Gamble, they know that they have to differentiate the brands. But the ingredients are almost the same. There's some secret the owner and the miles. And there's some goddamn old spicy miles. The ingredients are almost the fucking same. This sense are pretty much the same, the fresh spring. But the packaging and the advertising is totally different. Right? Because it's very difficult to market them in women. Right? You want to pick a gender age. I like to keep it in a 10 year window. Because a 50 year old man, he wants to get in shape. We're different reasons than the 20 year old man. Right? I'm closer to 50 than I am to 42. You know, when I'm looking away, I'm thinking about longevity. I'm thinking about being alive for my son and being healthy and being able to have enough energy to play with my son and have fun together. Look like a goddamn superhero and have all the other children and all when I pick him up from school. But a 20 year old guy, he's thinking about girls. So the marketing is going to be different for those different demographics. Same thing with women. My mama wants to get in shape for a way different reason that what my girlfriend wants to get in shape for. Right? So you want to pick gender age group, 10 year range. You could put those some interest in there, but you don't have to. What's important is the gender to age group. And then also location. Location is very important, especially if you're somebody who's like, you live in some poor ass part of the world. You don't want just people from where your bro cares for him. For example, when my student is in my program, I'm high to get trainer. He makes like 20 30 grand a month, but he's from Mexico. So he ain't trying to fucking make pesos. Right? He want to make American dollars from Americans. So one of the things he does is he runs ad strategies to people who live in America. That way he can make American dollars, convert that shit to pesos when he's back in Mexico. He's like the king of Guadalajala right now. I got another student. You know, he's from America, but he lives in the Dominican Republic. Okay, okay, me and they deem. And this dude, you know, he does all his ads in America. He's making like 10 20 grand a month, depending on my mind. Right? But shit, man. He out there living like daddy Yankee. You want to pick the location. America, maybe picked the major cities or just any English speaking countries. I like America, but you can pick whatever you want. Now here's the thing. This is step one. Now, okay, now you're going to run ads. You're going to pick a budget as much as you can afford really. Five hours a day, 10 hours a day. More money you spend, the more money you'll make. You may be thinking, hey, how am I going to make money? It's just no call to action. All is doing his value videos. We'll check this out. So this is part one, step one. Then we got to go to step two. Step two, you have another set of ads. Again, it's just value. You're not trying to get them to do anything. Just value based videos. It's just helping. Five to 10 videos. One minute each. Same objective. Objective video views. Right. All we want them to do is watch the video. We're going to do anything. Here's where it gets intense. Audience. Forget my handwriting. What you're going to do is you're going to make a custom audience. And it's going to be of people who watched at least 50% of step one videos. This is called re-targeting. So the only people who are going to see this batch of videos, the step two videos, are the people who watched 50% of step one videos. Right? These are warmer audiences. They're watching these videos. Now it's important because what we're doing is we're getting these people familiar with them. You don't see them what the fuck is add once. And say, oh, I want that person to be my goddamn coach. You don't even know this person. You don't see one one minute video from someone. And then you think you're going to buy their shit. It doesn't work like that at all. Then step three again. Same shit. Five to 10 videos. One minute each. Same shit. Right. Now objective video views. We're doing it again. Audience is people who watched 50% of step two videos. So what we're doing is we're building an add funnel. But we're keeping them on Facebook. These ads are cheap. Like video view ads are some of the cheapest ads. You can run on Facebook Instagram. So boom, you're ready to get views on the ads. Views on the videos. We're getting them what familiar with us. And by the time they watch these videos, they've watched at least two of your videos already. So now they know who the fuck you are. And if you want to make this even better, you can be like within seven days on both of these. That's the way it's fresh. So it's not like I'm gonna fuck a watch your shitty year ago and you don't even remember your goofy ads. Now step four, this work is good. You might want to test between one and five ads. And these are the ads with the CTA where you tell them to apply for coaching which you objective, conversion as a more expensive. Okay, yeah, that's what Kevin said to do. Conversion. And the audience is going to be people who watch 50% of step three. Think about these people have watched three videos right now. They're familiar with it. Then you tell them to sign up. It may be filled out of application. They'll work with you coaching or something like that. And this is why it works so well when Kevin gave us this strategy. Again, if you don't know what some of this stuff means, you're probably going to need more education to really start making money doing this. That's why I got a free book called the Ten Commandments of Online Training. It'll give you a lot of game on making money with online training. I've helped over 15,000 people build success online. Business businesses. I built a seven figure online business business myself. That book will really give you more clarity if you can fuse by any of this. All right, anyway, check that out. All right, but now this is the old way. Now we got a new shred. This is Hydra 2025 because it's more current. And it's simpler too. So with the Hydra, what we're doing is we're going to step one. What we're going to do is you're going to have a video that gives value. But there will be a CTA. You're going to upload this to Instagram. Instagram is where our students make the most in their money. Right? Facebook still works, but we're straight up Instagram, right? It's going to give a lot of value. But then at the end, you are going to tell them comment, comment somewhere. You got to pick a word below. And this video should be one minute. And you're going to post this organically on Instagram. Let me give you an example of one. So here's the example for one of my students. A Corey Armstrong. He made about $400,000 last year as an online trainer. He's one of our star students. Right? And I was so example of one of the style of videos you do. There's three mistakes to avoid when shopping for protein. So the thing number one is getting protein that has proprietary blends. Example at this. If you look at this body fortress protein is on the back. Now, to be clear, you just give it a vote. You just give it a vote. And it lists out way protein, concentrate, isolate. Here's the deal. If they're not explicitly telling you how much and what ingredients are in there, you could be getting what you actually bought it for, which is the way protein. Or you could be just getting a bunch of needless trash. Let me show you what else to look out for. The second is a longer video, which is here with ingredients. Let me show you what I mean. When you're getting anything dietary, the first two to three ingredients tell you what's in it. Estimate Jordy. So we look at the muscle milk shakes. It's water, milk protein, isolate, and calcium. The rest of this stuff is just trace amounts. It's actually majority water and milk protein, which pretty much is just some fucking trash. Lastly, watch out for needless carbs. When you're getting a protein shake, you want to hide protein. A little to no carbohydrates. A lot of these protein shakes have tons of carbs as jacking your calories up. Let me show you what I mean. So if we look at some lean shake from GNC, it's got three grams of fat, 19 grams of carbs, and only 25 grams of protein. This 19 grams of carbs could be something that you could be eating and getting nutritional value. Here's the thing. That's a bit of low worth in 10 grams of carbs per 20 to 30 grams of protein. If you need more help understanding what your body needs to get ripped, get in the shape that you want to be in. Go ahead and type the word course below and I'll send you the free big belly blast or core. So you give the advice. You give advice, give a lot of game. And then you say, hey, if you need some help, comment, pick a word, you give them something free and you want to set up something called mini chat. And what mini chat does is mini chat with automatically DM them, whatever, free thing you have. I suggest you maybe you could write up a ebook, pour these given away a free course right now. You can just give them something free, this helpful. And I go into more detail on how this works down all the ebook right now to really check it out. But you give them some free. Right? Boom. Mini chat with DM them. Boom. Then what you're going to do, what you're going to do after mini chat DMs them, you start conversation with them. Kind of old. The way you want to start the combos like hey man, I see you downloaded the ebook or whatever fucking given them free. Whatever you give them should be good right. And then you say, what do your fitness goals man, what are you trying to accomplish? You want to get into a conversation with them about their fitness goals? I go over that more in the ebook, thinking about them, so I'm not trying to do it. Start the combo with them and then get them on the zoom. You want to get them on zoom and that's where you make the zoom sales call. And then on there, then you sell them. You sell them on zoom. My zoom's are making like tons of money. As you see all the testimonials I have, that's just that one. But see, the difference is like, instead of asking them to buy something, you're giving them something for free. You set up an automation, don't count on the automation to make the sale for you. You should don't work like that. But just to start the conversation, are you giving them some free now you start the conversation? We still run in ads to this. This is the way this is different from Kevin strategy. This is organic video that you're posting straight to Instagram. Boom. So the objective is going to be engagement is a good one for this one. This cheap like video views too because we want them to comment. It'll go after people who comment more on videos, right? Some people watch videos and never comment. You're a target market. Same as the step one of Kevin's hydra, right? Age, gender, or auditship. Right. And then you run as it is as much as you want. Now the difference between Kevin strategy and my is we can make money off the first step. Because it's a sneaky CTA. It's not even sneaky, right? Because you got to do what you're going to give them. The free thing you give them, hat is good. You got to make sure it's good. You can't give them some bullshit. It's like even if they never become a client, they still take whatever you gave them free. They feel like it's a good experience. They're like man, that was some good information. That's the key. When you give away free shit, you can't give away bullshit because they will do more harm than good. It actually has to be good. And you know, I teach my students how to make that kind of good stuff right. I taught Corey how to make that thing, right? Then we used to step two and with step two we do the same thing. But this is going to be a real one minute. We're not going to post this to our feet. This is going to upload this to the ads manager. The objective going to be DM me. There are DMs. Right? That's an objective you could have on Instagram. And the audience is going to be people who watched 50% of step one video. And now with this video, it's going to be just highlighting testimonials of people who you've helped getting in shape. And you're talking about testimonials. Talking about some people who you help getting in shape. And you're to say some, hey, if you like to get in shape too, let's talk about it. Send me a DM and then see if I can help you as well. And you'll have people DM you. And then the same thing. You start a conversation when you get them on Zoom. Both of these work, right? But this is just different. Real is wasn't a thing when Kevin told me this. And the apps I found was changed. This is a simpler strategy and it works really well. The key is you have to be using the Facebook ads manager. Never hit that button. Oh, Instagram is saying, boost. That button was designed by Mark Zuckerberg to siphon money from people who are too fucking lazy or ignorant. To learn how to use the Facebook ads manager. I'm yet to meet a human being who's hit that boost button and made some money off it. But I know tons of people, including myself who have made millions from the Facebook ads manager. This strategy will work assuming you know how to make good content. Right? Because you still have that good videos. This video still has to be good. Assuming you know how to start a sales conversation in the DM and how to do a sales called on Zoom. If you don't know how to do anything, it's cool. I have a free ebook that helped mark you down the path. Learning all the stuff, it's called the 10 Commandments of online training. This book will give you kind of an overview of what it's like to be online trainer. And you may read it and be like, you know what? This ain't for me. I know I was going to have to do work. It's a grind to make money in this business. But if you love training and you love helping people accomplish their goals, you know what they say, man, if you love what you do, you never work a day in life. That's how I felt when I became an online trainer. First I was the in-person trainer and I just wasn't making money. But all online training can make more money. I explain how in the ebook. Click the ebook. Learn more about it. Hope this helps.