I don't know if you guys have noticed, but rapper and mogul, P-Ditty, it's been in the news lately and he's in a lot of trouble. He's accused of a lot of crazy shit. I actually met Ditty once. I'm gonna tell you how this story later in his video. Story about how I met Ditty and uh, it was a super strange encounter. They're not gonna ask me to uh, talk on a trial, but they did bring a lot of people to to the stand to testify against Ditty and y'all, one thing they did was they showed, so Ditty was having these three goals with Cassie and male escort. They published like pictures of all the male escort scores and like, it's like, this was like 10 years ago, she said, imagine if you was a male escort and you just trying to get into your life now, because you know, anyway, these are that male escort that was in the, the freak of us with Cassie, they'd be like all humans, right? sexually. When I understand that they're a trial, he was just paying in dudes to smash his girl in front of him. This is wild behavior. Pade to have like most of our worst nightmares. I can't imagine nothing worse happened in the me. It's not somebody f***ing rolling front of me, right? But he was paying for it. He was getting off on it and some of them actually testified. He kept up the most significant testimony from the trial in week two. We've heard this week, a second paid pre-off performer. The witness we had this week danced under the name of the Punisher. He danced under the name as the Punisher. He just let that sink in for a minute. Ditty went and got the Punisher. We'll let the Punisher speak from self. And he described being repeatedly hired to have sex with misventure, a while, combs sat in the room. He said that the first time he saw combs, combs was in a corner of the room, wearing no clothing whatsoever, except for a veil that allowed only his eyes to be seen. This performer said that he walked out of the hotel suite with $2,000 in cash. This motherfucker paid $2,000 to have the Punisher. Fuck his girl. Punisher did just being weird in the corner. You know what I mean? Punisher got $2,000 to fuck Cassie in her prime. They say if you love what you do, you never have to work the day in your life. And that was $2,000 in like 10 years ago before fighting, ruined the dollar. Now here's the thing. So Cassie was on the stand and she was saying that this would have been mad times with mad niggas and some white maybe a few Latinos were thrown in there too. I did it with paydies. More fuck is the fucker in front of daddy. Those one times Cassie went on the stand saying that did he would have one of these sex worker doos, urinate in her mouth, is all super weird. Right. And it was one point Cassie was in a freak out off and then she faced time to her husband. She faced time and why she was freaking off. It's been a lot of women talking about her. Her husband is like a real man. Because he looks pissed all that. It's been. Yeah. It's the definition of unconditional love. And I love that for her. You know how I know good men exist? Because Cassie's husband Alex fine exists because Sierra's husband Russell Wilson and yes. Sierra's husband used to fuck future like the king of the degenerate niggas. Cassie's husband Alex that man ain't nothing. He ain't got nothing but got pumping through his veins. Like truly an angel, you know. May all my girlies find a love that resembles the love that Alex fine has for Cassie. Like what a beautiful demonstration of what it means to be loved fully and fearlessly and unapolled. What I wrote. I got the top comment here. Them same girls would not date a do. If he was letting strangers piss on him. Right. Because that's what Cassie was doing. She's letting strangers piss in her mouth. Can you imagine a doge going up to his girl's senior. You know. He said he used to have a past. His ex girl would pay strangers to piss on him. With those same chicks to be showing the love. Right. You know that's what you don't want to be. Maybe I'm tripping. Girl would you look past your girl's past if her ex boyfriend used to pay strangers to fuck her and sometimes but user has a little toilet seat. You're in it. As far as I know there was no defecation. I don't want to miss quote Cassandra. Next we can pay the usual girls to urinal. Would that be some of you cool with? That's who you want mother in your children? I don't know. She did get what $50 million dollars. Oh those some of y'all got different morality. But you know she got to kiss your kids with that mouth that used to be a urinal. rapper, kid, cutty came and testified. The on-dating com sex trafficking case filled with suspicion and suspense today. rapper, kid, cutty is on the stand right now detailing a threat that did he once made to him. Foxy's lintishment is live in lorman hadn't and she picks it up from there. Linda, what's the latest? I'd be on go. Well first of all I can tell you this every day the testimony in this trial has been jaw dropping today will be no different. rappers you're talking about rapper, kid, cutty on the stand and he is testifying today. Go ahead take a look at this video because this is cutty arriving here at. Why isn't it walking like a rock? He looks at this video because this is cutty arriving here at federal court in lorman hadn't earlier today. Now he is wearing the black leather coat and smoking a cigarette. He is testifying about his brief relationship with Sean Ditty com's ex girlfriend Cassie. Back in 2011 after she and com's had broken up. Cassie has already testified that com's flew into a jealous rage about her relationship with kid, cutty and he threatened to blow up his car. Now cutty has already testified today that he met with com's after his Porsche exploded. So we threatened the blow up his car. The car blows up and then he meets with a man. This motherfucker puff is a super villain. Like spider man should be fighting this motherfucker's. Remains of a molletop cocktail were found nearby. com's his charge with running a criminal enterprise dealing with drugs and sex trafficking. He has pleaded not guilty on all counts. Now yesterday com's former executive assistant George Kaplan also testified. He continued this morning and he left court earlier today after wrapping up his testimony. He had testified that he would buy drugs for com's and that he would clean up hotel rooms after com's would imagine having to clean up a hotel room post freak off. Man, I hope you got paid really well bro. You had been with a hazmat suit. Hold drug fueled sex marathon. A drug fueled sex marathon aka freak off. Some people when they want to have fun, play video games. Some of us play basketball. Some people clearly have drug fueled sex marathon. It's called freak off's where they pay motherfuckin mail escorts to fug their bitch and front of them. What a masturbating according with their eyes covered. Different strokes with different folks. And a federal agent also testified yesterday that when they rated com's home in Miami last year they found gun parts to make AR-15 style weapons cocaine. You go on somebody's crib in Miami. You find some fugging AR-15s in cocaine. This is regular Miami shit. You know what I mean? Academy and more than 50 bottles of baby oil. Okay, now that's where it gets weird. You tell me you busted somebody's crib in Miami and they got AR-15s in fugging coke. Yeah. I'd be more surprised if they didn't. What do you tell me? 50 bottles of baby oil. It's one of two things. That's either the assiest nigga of all time or pdc.coms. All right. And lubricant. And now as I said, rapper kid cutty on this stand right now. How does bitchy stay here shortly? Back inside to you. I learned a thank you for keeping us on top of that. This bitch probably being a damn hope I don't look like her when I grow up. Jesus, that bitch is like the crib keeper. No one that he put her ass out of outside. Bitch you gotta go outside amongst the people. We keep this one indoors. All right. As crazy that is. But it's not like out the question. You know, we had all heard stories about daddy. Especially if you lived in New York. Like I lived in New York, you know, for like 15 years. Like did he used to beat the shit out of people? He was like kind of like a gangster. Like he's blowing up cars and shit. But like did he like fuck some people up, man? I ain't snitching. I ain't heard snitching. Before he was locked up, I wouldn't say nothing bad about daddy, man. Because I had heard some things that I want to say publicly. Not in the like nasty shit. Like gangster shit. The diddy was on. I met daddy one time. Back when I was young and beautiful. I used to be with the one of the biggest modeling agencies in New York. One of the jobs I had was a show for Sean John. That was because I did these clothing line back in the day. And I was supposed to wear this suit at the show. I met with all the Sean John team. They at the casting. They cast in me. They got me fitted for the Sean John for the Sean John suit. And then I do the show. Didn't speak the diddy or anything. But I did the whole show. And then after the show, the chick was in charge. Who cast it in me. It was like some chick. And I was like, oh, you're fitted this suit to me. Right. I actually tailored this to me. You can't sell this shit. No more mufflers. I didn't build like this. Right. But what you're going to do is suit. Y'all might as well just give it to me. I figured I'd ask. And then she said, you know what? I'm a go ask. Diddy. Right. So she walked over across the room. I see her talking to the diddy. Yeah. And then they pointed at me. Diddy looks at me. And he cast he was with him. And he goes. And that was it. So I never spoke to him. I just asked for soup. And I was denied. Thankfully, that's my only diddy story. He's not as interesting as our friend the punisher. That's what I was like, man, this model is shit. Ain't really paying the bills. I still had to work other jobs. You can do all the mail model, all the personal trainer. And I said as well. And I was working from moving. Coming up doing all types of shit. So I said, I just quit this shit. And I just started working more. And I started my own life fitness business. And that's when I started making real money. My training people online. And I was able to build that into a multi-seventh figure business. Now I teach other people. I have a free ebook that I show you exactly how to do. It's called the 10 Commandments of Online Training. The link is in the description. It'll really break down how you can grow your online fitness business. I've helped over 15,000 people grow their online fitness business. A lot of them do a full time. Because they want to. Some of them keep their job and they just do this on the side. It's 100% free. Go ahead and click that link and check out the book right now. It's free.