Big news, we got some updates in the case of the homies Andrew and Tristan take. Those of you I know I've been friends with Andrew and Tristan since like 2018 I knew him for their famous Metaphat. Let me show you guys. So here's a picture of us back in a fucking Weez in Atlanta back in the day man. This is before they got famous Tristan's really tall. I'm not sure Tristan's just mad talk. Then is this a quick shout out King Kyo. Hey, you're fucking handsome. Thank you very much King Kyo. Can I have you over here in Romania? I know you're like I don't like to drive car. You're Volkokyo. It's Volkokyo. Volkokyo is definitely Keto. And I don't have nothing. Those are homies. We have to have Brandon Carter on why not all right. But the question is basically we get Brandon to drink. Car. My car is a quarter would be good with a series series. Listen, when Andrew said Brandon Carter's a series G and Christian Cosa, I think there's a lot of true for those things. We had a update on the case from the homies. All right. So Andrew posted some shit on Twitter. Everything enemies printed on MSN relies. The prosecution knew they were lies. We knew it over lies. We were meant to die before we got here. They tried to break us. They wanted to destroy us. They wanted us to afraid. But we fought back. It was a game of killing us with lies before judges exposed to truth. All right. So let's hear what Andrew had the same. Remember everyone is saying to human traffickers, he's a trafficker. I just bust my case. So it turns out that I was telling the truth all along. The highest court in Romania, the appeal court has just ruled, but the evidence collected against me is illegal. Here I have a law. We're going to get back into what this means. Because the case is not officially dropped yet, but this is like major progress for the homies. The list of all the illegal elements. Emma Gabby's statement is illegal. Cristiana Boren's statement is illegal. All right. All right. Until a statement is illegal. The seizure of all the money they took is illegal. Legal based on procedural violations and constitutional decisions. We need to remove all the whatsapp conversations which were falsely translated illegal. The whole case is illegal. Every single thing in that fucking file was a lie. And the women lie and it was all bullshit. I get all of my things back. Every and all of the get send back to decal. There's now a formality where decal have five days to mend the fly. Okay. Is that important? That's important. Because I did some research in this. We're going to go into it more in a minute. The prosecution has five days to get their shit together. So the case is not dismissed yet, right? But this is big progress for the homies. You know, paid his bravery to me. I'd have been quiet. You know, they got an infobal. You know, they said, man, you don't want to get to the team. Locker room material, right? You know, saying, like, I wouldn't want to be pissing off the government. But, you know, this is the take this guy rolls, man. I'd have been just like, I just just had to be trying to sit back and wait where I was. But he's like, coming, getting me more fuckers. A classic take. All right. Let's go. How can you fix a file where everything in it is a fucking lie? Went in this statement's made against Andrew and Tristan take. We're deemed it admissible. These pieces of evidence in any reference to them in the prosecution file must be deleted requested by the court immediately. But I'm reading another whole damn nothing left. The whole file is fucking rat. It's going to go like a decal for five days. They're going to move some papers around, I guess. Or are we going to come bust in my door and fucking arrest me again? All right. Or, right? So he even take left that option on the table, right? You know, so it's not over, but it's major progress, mid-program. Because they have to try and fix his files somehow. Or it'll get thrown out. 691 days, three years as American citizens, while the democratic Iran American embassy refused to help us. Refused to help us, they didn't have fucking any interest. We'll take a look, maybe. Trump comes to the office and instantly the Romanian court say, ah, the files made out throw it away, funny how the Trump effect works globally. Funny how J6 was a just a domestic problem. Anyone talking large online, anyone helping Donald Trump call a case, and any fucking country they lived in. I wake up this morning and they say, oh, it's all made up. Go it away. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. You know, I could be angry. I'd be pissed. If I was on my house arrest, it all they should for me along. I'd be fucking pissed. I could be bitter. But I'm not, truthfully, my brother and I have been on one hell of an adventure. And we've been closer through this than we've ever been. And perhaps that's why God allowed it happen to us so that him and I can be closer than ever before. Because that's a brother that it's all about. We got to go to jail. We did a lot of dancing. You know, it was fine. And I knew the case was illegal. But just imagine being me, I'm filming this right now. Imagine to be me. You just wake up after three years. I've been to court 100 times. And finally, one of the courts go, oh, yeah, it's made up. I'm, ah. It's fucking, I'm flabbergasted. So of course, it's fucking made up. Unbelievable. So it goes back to decar. Just so you guys understand the remaining system. It goes back. Right? They still get a chance to throw the home away. He called their five days to fix the file. They hit me with a second file to arrest me one month before the election to try to stop me from talking big, helping double Trump. That files made up, too. So I'm right. There is another case. Right then. So do be clear. There is another case. Opings the domino effect. This one gets sent back made up. Second thug gets sent back made up. I'm going to be free. Pretty fucking suit. Wow. All right, man. Listen, I love the homey's confidence. If, if, if, if, if, if Tate is nothing else is confident. Uh, I'm still like concerned for the homey, right? Because this doesn't mean the case is thrown out. And it's another case. Like there's another case. So let's get this jump into it. Right? Fake news week. The reminic course has found in favor of influencer Andrew Tate this week who is facing multiple charges in Romania, including, uh, H.T. In our work. I don't know if I can say that should yet Trump ain't in office yet. I think what's he saying. I'd be able to say whatever I want. But as for now, I may be going, we don't stay calm. Um, however, the wake of decision, misleading claims begin appearing on social media overstating the outcome of the appeal courts ruling. Right. So basically, this is false. Man, the police claims aren't inaccurate. While Buddha credits court appeals has ruled in favor of Tate as reported to Rutgers from Bucharest. The ruling states that some evidence from the case filed including victim statements and witness testimonials that testimonies from the Tate's both deemed in a miserable should be removed by the Fawcantine and Consistencies. But the court's rumist states that the investigation office, E.C. has five days to fix these irregularities and decide whether to send the case to trial or withdraw. Right. So they still got five days to see what's up. But there's another case. Right. Like he said, he didn't. There's another case. And he said he's hoping that there's a domino effect in August. D.C. launched a second case against the Tate brothers investigating a led human trafficking. The trafficking of miners and Jesus. I don't even want to say this shit. I allow. Right. Um, with these words and money laundering. Right. They had denied all the charges. Two days ruling does not affect this case. Right. So there's a whole another case that the homies going to have to fight through. Is this fucked up, man? And this other clip takes like, yeah, we got to get you out the Romanian and even buy them uniforms like, no, make it. No, I didn't want to go out there before they started throwing mad cases at the homies. Well, I think a Romanian I never been there. But I imagine a motherfuckers like making their own butter or some shit. Right. Like if they want breakfast, they go milk a cow. Not to Tate. Some talking about like Romanian. I don't know. I'm not because Mike, you were in like wooden shoes dressed like Jesus. Like that's how I imagine Romanian. Like motherfuckin Dracula is from Romania. Transylvania is in Romania. Am I right? Yeah, man. They got more goats than people. They got motherfuckin. That's where vampires come from. Yeah, I imagine everybody's just like Jesus or gypsies. So I was like, nah, I'm good. Homies, thanks for the invite. I'll let y'all when y'all come back. So you were sick. When y'all come back to the States. Then they caught this case. And they keep catching. They keep getting new cages going on. I think if I just won case for three years, then it all gets they got another case. Like, nah, I'm not, no, nigga. It's gonna be fucking three half black niggas in Romania. Me and it's a brothers. Like, I'm gonna be the third black niggas ever go to Romania. And I'm gonna expect nothing to get a case. Every black nigga I know in Romania got caught in case. Now, man, they say successfully clues. There are these clues. I'm saying the fuck out of Romania. Justin Waller was going out there. Like, nah, you can go out there, man. You white. It'll fuck the dick this is out there, man. Fuck that's I'm staying booked. But we praying for the homies. And we hope that this is a good sign. But they are not in the clear. Tate is a lot more confident than I am. You know, I'm still concerned for him. He's out here celebrating this shit talking crazy. Daring these motherfuckers to do shit. I wouldn't be doing shit. I had to pick quite as a mouse because he's still got another case, man. But that's tape, man. That's that's who he is. I'm hoping this means that, you know, that I hope this first case he has dropped. But then we still have to worry about the other case. And so we're gonna stay keep y'all posted on this. Man, those are my brothers. Those are the homies. I mean, if anyone could get Brad and Carter drink, I think it might be me. I'm that guy. You know, I mean, I've got that super power. He's okay. So here's the thing. When I was last time, I was wittressing. He tried to give me the drink. And I did not. He does not remember. As he was drunk. He just doesn't remember because he was drunk. But nah, I don't, I don't drink it. I haven't drank it 10 years. Tristan cannot give you the drink. No one can. But, you know, these are the homies, man. And I'm really, I'm praying. We keep in the man our prayers, man, they strong out there in Romania. All my niggas in Romania, Tristan and Drew Dracula. All my favorite Romanians. Shout out to you. Listen, if you guys want to learn how to go, you're all not fitting this business. I have a free ebook called The Ten Commandments of Online Training. Go ahead and click the link in the description and check it out now.