They have been some new updates in the case against the homies Andrew and Tristan Tate So he doesn't know I've known Andrew and Tristan since about 2018 before they was famous Back when I was more famous than him I am not now Back when I had more money than him I definitely do not now They call that case which I believe is a Mitch Keras adjusts I believe they're innocent Here's some updates on the case The Romania appeals court ruled that the human trafficking case can not proceed in its current form Due to procedural and legal irregularities So basically key evidence including testimony from the alleged victims and statements from the Tates have been deemed in it miserable The court basically says that there's flaws in the indictment such as inadequate explanations that are charges The basic just unclear details about the case right and they're also saying that a lot of the so-called evidence was accumulated illegally Romania and court says that the Andrew Tate's case cannot go to trial because a missteps by the prosecutors But it's not the Smith that's the only thing again Like we talked about last time Andrew seems a lot more optimistic than I am the court still has some time to get their shit together And amend the charges or the case will be dropped even if the case is dropped though the Tates still may face Extradition to the UK for separate charges so this like mad more cases So here are a few potential outcomes right if the Romanian charges are dismissed the Tates will likely be extra Died it to the UK to face allegations of essay and human trafficking from 2012 the 2015 my Forks always bringing up oh shit, man. You know I got arrested in 2012 It was cuz my boy Brian he hit me up on New Year's Eve and he was like yo, man Need you help I bought all these 2013 sunglasses and I need you to help me sell them in times square And I was like all right the homie needs my hope and but we didn't realize you needed a permit And we got arrested that we spent the night in jail. We released all charges were dropped as a miscarriage of justice Just like this case here. I feel you they tried to catch me up in 2012 for some bullshit So right the Tates still deny all charges and maintain all their innocence I don't know where he posted this maybe posted this shit on true social or her Brunville better than a not guilty verdict a judge who's decided there's not enough evidence to even send this to trial There's no evidence of crimes None of this makes sense they print an indictment with thousands of pieces of paper Which doesn't mean anything it doesn't add up to a crime They falsified evidence to whole thing as garbage the cases now officially dismissed no At least that's what I read. It's not officially dismissed. Yeah, maybe I'm reading it wrong But Tates seemed a lot more confident to me. Okay. It's the second time to court return to case of prosecutors who now have five days Yeah, they still got five days This should happen before like in November they're given the court another chance. Let's go back to what Tates is But if there's no evidence to take me to trial this begs a very pertinent question Hmm, there was never any evidence to put me in jail There was never any evidence to rape my house five times. There was never any evidence to keep me travel benefit That'd be pissed too and I'd be talking my shit, but it seems as if it's not officially over yet There was never any evidence to stop me seeing my children. There was never any evidence to stop me seeing my mother When she had a heart attack there was never any evidence to steal all of my cars and all of my money and all of my wealth There was never any evidence to the media which were very complicit to try their very best to slander me to bother my mother after she had an operation Trying to make her cry to make my children sad to make the women around me sad. It's not this misto I wish it was right again this the homey right, but it seems like the judge gave the prosecutors an additional five days to get their Fuck and shit together, but you know a stance to reason man if they haven't been able to get their shit together in the last three years or so How they gonna fix it in five days This is not just about my brother and I were tough guys every single person who loves us has suffered and there's never been any Evidence in the first place like we've been telling you for three solid years We've been telling you just for three solid years. This is a bitter sweet day I'm happy because finally and honest judge did the right thing through this case out I am happy because I got to enjoy this perilous path with the person I love the most on the planet Which is my brother Tristan Tate. He is the best brother on the planet shout to Tristan shout to the homey I mean we shook hands Irregardless of the circumstance even when we were sitting in a jail cell together We only laughed and smiled we are ready to die. You know what me and Brian got arrested me for them sunglasses We was laughing in smile and too. I'm gonna tell that story one day because it's hilarious But every time somebody came in it was like, what you win for me? They took us down the riker's island for this shit So every time somebody in what you all need for it. I would like murder They're right with die laughing Yeah, but we weren't our charges weren't as serious as this we have been system moment We were born and there is no better feeling on earth than knowing you of a brother who's ready to die beside you We are the type of men who will charge at the gunfire after a quick nod of head We don't care we were ready for 20 years in Rojoba we knew this was a setup We knew this was a matrix attack. We didn't expect justice at any point during this But we fought tooth and nail my legal team and everyone around me said Andrew just be quiet If you're quiet you can make it go away. Yeah, I would have advised that too you're just shut up Like this be cool you say I'm not saying give in or admit defeat But you know is it for me I always feel like you know never want to get what they call in a football You don't give the other team like a room material, you know anyway, but uh Andrew's different kind of guy, you know Don't make a big noise about it. Maybe we can do a deal behind the shadows And I said no my I want to didn't know deal either you got to clear your name So that's right. I would not have been trying to fucking make no deal over that shit to admit defeat no sir father Did not raise me to have to take the ain't tarnish by liars and corrupt actors and make sense because it's father from South Chicago like me yeah, so yeah, that's not what we do, man Well fight tooth and nail from the absolute day I was first accused until the last day they throw me in jail and from there I will continue to fight. I'm an innocent man. I'm nothing wrong. I'm not gonna be quiet I'm not gonna do a deal. I'm not gonna lay down I'm gonna fight this absolutely tooth and nail and everybody told me you can man's a good speaker, man He sounded like Martin Luther King right now can't beat the system if you make too big a deal of this You are gonna go to jail And I said I will go to jail for 20 years happily if everybody knows I have innocent Everybody knows I've done nothing wrong. I'll suffer in jail But I will not let people lie and slander the last name take and we've done nothing wrong I feel that I feel that never admit defeat guys if you get accused of some bullshit like especially some so fucking evil like this Our were assault traffic in always fight that shit because it's like the worst thing you can accuse a man of Are you better off being accused of like murdering somebody than doing the R word? I don't know if you'll know a lot about prison, but they fuck up people who commit those kind of crimes in prison Like the worst among us don't fuck with people who do the R word if you get caught fall to your cues or this type of shit You do not make no deals. You fight this shit because it is the worst thing a man can be accused of There is no such thing as light without dark the light that Radiates from the beautiful brotherhood I share with Tristan must be balanced and the balance to that dark our nightmares Which I've suffered ever since I was putting side of that jail cell I still wake up at night looking for cockroaches inside of my blankets. I still smell that jail I didn't go to jail in England. I didn't go to jail in fucking America. I went to jail in Romania I was throwing an Eastern European prison Do you have any idea the conditions in an Eastern European jail? I do not the second time I was arrested was for a fight in Austin, Texas. I was in them I fucking man that shit was fucking calm That shit was cool. They had us all in the holding cell chilling and it was playing videos They was doing some psychological shit. They was making us watch videos about people getting our worded in jail But I remember like laughing at that shit anyway You were he went through his way worse. I know it was never the evidence to be there in the fucking first place I Think God is giving me these nightmares to ensure that my wounds stay fresh Because it would be very easy for me now that the first case has been thrown out one thing about take this month But it was made for this influence of shit like this music in this video There's like good lighting like listen to the background music like he's playing in this shit The second case will follow quickly within a few weeks will be back on private jets back on our Bagaddy's back on yachts living a good life. We could just ignore all this little let live make it all go away No big deal. We were found innocent But I still can't sleep Man, he's wait just wait more optimistic than me. They still got five days Even then he still has to face extra addition to the UK where it is separate charges against them And some shit going on with the taxes and you can't even get into later, man I hope it all gets dismissed obviously, you know, that's the only so why would God still be keeping me awake at my unless he won my wounds Disco her unless he understands that innocent men being told the Rinnison isn't justice just as when lives Just as as when corrupt actors Just as as when complicit media outlets just as when people who have tried are very best to put an innocent man in jail Purely because they don't like what he says no because he's guilty because they don't like what he says They had no interest in the truth. They just wanted me to be guilty because they didn't like me I believe that you know listen there's a lot of this shit, man back in The streets I've heard but a lot of times when they want to get you some people with it It's not just straight violence or it's not aggressive. It's covert shit What are you's women to bring down powerful men? It's an old move justice is when they feel the full weight of the law And perhaps he has enacted me chosen me as his soldier because I am 38 years old I am 35 more years to live. I have unlimited resource. I can't sleep. I'm petty and I can assure that everybody who has ever said my name in a negative light regrets the day They were chasing the attention and chasing the likes on Twitter because it's not gonna be worth it I have done nothing wrong hundreds of millions of dollars of compensation are going to flow my way And it's not about the money. It's about making people understand the just because hundreds of means of Compensation is going to flow his way that would be an interesting turn of event if he was able to pull a Uno reverse card on them You do not like somebody just because you do not like the words they say just because they said some stupid things on the internet 10 years ago just because they offend you with their jokes Does not mean they should be locked up innocently? All people included my enemies deserve a fair trial and deserve Freedom if they are innocent people do get mad over jokes I thought it should he was saying was ingest, you know, and I noticed too Man, I made a video about having like black Santa Claus is people got super big But my enemies are not innocent and my enemies are never going to apologize Never gonna apologize to my mother Never gonna apologize to my children never gonna apologize to the people around me who have suffered even more than my brother and I But they will pay As I said after my first cancellation it was a fair warning because I'm a fair man I did not hit people without telling them I will hit them first by unmatched personality Couple would share a different capability Makes me fear to opponent in any realm of human endeavor The camera attack has been long planned. It's quite interesting I'm much time you have to think and be creative inside of a Romanian dungeon and now finally as the dominoes start to fall as the house of cards of A life is collapsed. I'm not laughing at tape. I'm just laughing at the music like this is well produced I'm real time the counter attack comes closer and closer to fruition My brother and I have always been We were attacked because of our monumental fame and the work we were doing at the time to break the matrix For reason Trump is in office the reason everyone's now based in telling the truth The reason the masculine youth are rejecting the programming the reason all of these things are happening Once by no small part down to my brother and I personally It's not just us, but we were part of the entire culture They tried to get rid of us. They tried to make a suffer and I promise you now that the war has been won and now that my final paperwork is being stamped before I am released The people who have done this who have tried yeah, but even if it is the case is dropped We still got those UK charges, right? So this is far from over and I hope those are our dropped as well, man You know, we really we pray for the brother I had to make a suffer injustice purely because we were trying to do the right thing are going to pay the price That was well produced right and he spoke strongly right, but he's way more Confident than I am like I wish I could be that as confident as he is about this But he has more insight on this than I do right and I've been talking to take Recently he's been more difficult to get into it even if this case is dismissed They are going to face additional charges of essay and human trafficking and you can Pending the conclusion of this room Romanian case. There was also another investigation UK they're not playing around this happened yesterday UK Seast three million dollars over a tactics view, you know, so basically that the police can seize More than 2.6 million pounds which is 3.3 million dollars to cover Years of unpaid taxes from Andrew and Tristan basically it was 21 million pounds in revenue from their online businesses Including whirl room hustlers university Cobertate and only fans between 2014 and 2022 about eight years made about 21 million dollars on a lot of money, but you can't live off of it But it's a start, you know, nah, that's a good amount of money for them to make you listen One thing about taxes no matter where you at they're going to get that money All right, these motherfuckers are in Romania and they still couldn't get rid of the taxes I was always thinking why do you go to Romanian instead of Dubai? I know what they did have only fans shit. You can't do that shit in Dubai people always ask me You know why come you don't go do the buy like the other people because America doesn't add that shit If you go to Dubai you still got to pay taxes and you got to live in the desert And you can't curse. Yeah, no fuck that I like the curse in f6 out of wedlock You were saying you were saying anyway get me So we praying for the taste the shit is not over But they still got some shit to do you know they're doing great. They've made some progress But it's not over even this Romanian case not over even if this one does get dismissed Which I'm praying to does you still has to face the UK shit? I don't know if the taxid is over because they took the the three mil that's why I got out of New York say they just took some taxes from me Like our risk where like I just woke up one day in a bunch of money was going I didn't pay so they wouldn't just took it So maybe it's like that maybe they don't have to worry about this taxid and you can't anymore But they still got to worry about the charges look what do they? Twenty million dollars revenue from his online businesses including war room hustles university Here's the thing though, man. He was able to do that because of social media Right he grew a huge social media following where he got super popular. I get it because I built my businesses off the back of my social media Follow right if you guys want to learn how to grow your social media If you take it to the next level really explode it, man I'm gonna be working with some people taking them by hand and showing them exactly working with them showing them how to grow to social media in the program Called an influencer domination accelerator right it's gonna launch it to begin in the year All right, you don't want to miss out on this. It's gonna be super affordable Click the link in the description. It's gonna be the first link click that link and register for the VIP notification list All right, this way you won't miss it when it comes out because the way to make money is online They make 22 million dollars off their online businesses. I made millions off my online businesses I don't even think there's such things on online business anymore I think all businesses online if you want to buy something you google it if you want to date someone you google Go we out here google and host goes this google in you you're online presence is huge leverage and I think the tates are a great example It makes sure you register for that all right It's not gonna be just for people who want to start fitness businesses because in the past I've only helped people who wanted to build a fitness business. It's gonna be for anybody trying to grow their following Take it to the next level explode their social media