People give a lot of advice on eating it, about making money. Some of his good, some of his bad. I'm gonna put together a tier list, and I'm gonna rank the most common money making advice I hear on it. You may be asking, why shall I listen to this guy? He's got a fucking tank top and is barely hanging on, right? Well, it's because over the last few years, I built several multi-eight bigger businesses. I made a lot of money by her ball in the shot calling. I've been through every stage of the economic spectrum from dirt board to really rich. I'm gonna rank this tier list. Here's the list, and I got it ranked. I got it ranked as bullshit. It's okay. Good baller. That means it's some dope shit. You know what I'm saying? If I say it's baller, I'm gonna be just falling out of control. All right. All right. And here's the things I need. So let's get into it. All right. Let's start right here with a void debt at all costs. Now, do you hear a lot of people in the Dave Ramsey camp? People like that, and I'm not disin-daven. But I hear people say a void debt at all costs. I just don't believe in that. It's not shit, but it's okay for average guys making an average money. But if you wanna get rich, the best thing to do is to use other people's money to do it. If you know how to do it. For example, I spend money on ads, right? But I don't never spend my money. I put it on my amics. And because I put it on my amics, I know how much I make from the ads, right? So I use that money to make money. So I get like two, three x returns on my ads. Both Google Facebook and Instagram. And I put it all on my amics. So I don't have to spend my money. I can fucking double or triple that money, but I use their money. And then the ads pay it back. So it gets debt, but it's like I'm using other people's money to make money. So I ask why I think if you know how to make money with money, then using debt is a fucking cheat code. And I'm gonna show you something. There's a lot of benefits from using, for example, credit card as opposed to using cash. That's over three million amics points. And I use that for travel. I take over 50 flights a year, I always fly first class. You might see me at the playing station. I'm gonna be getting on the plane for you as when you would run fly first class. You get on right after the veterans and the cripples. But I don't have to pay for that shit. This is, I use points. I use points for the hotel stays. Me and my girl went on a vacation earlier this year. It was all points. And yeah, you gotta spend the money. It's not free. You gotta spend the money. I mean, it's kind of free because I spent the money to make money. I use their money to make money. Okay, I'm gonna put the devices, okay. Because if you know how to make money, it's amazing. But if you don't know how to turn money in the more money, then yeah, you should probably avoid boy did all costs. And that's most of y'all. Let's see, let's see, no, I do ads. And even my students who I teach to build their online fitness business, you know, I tell them not to spend money on ads until they're making $10,000 a month. Because I think you can do, I know you can do $10,000 a month organically. As a online trainer, I know you can't even if you have small father and a new, we teach them tactics. But once they start making $10,000 a month, then I know that they have got the feel of how this works, right? And they can start spending money, spending money on ads at that point. That's how I get the students who are putting up big numbers. Like, you know, some of them do a million dollars a year, just as online trainers. It takes a while to get to that point. But if I do want to learn how to do online training, I have a free ebook called the 10 Commandments of online training. It will really just take you by hand to show you exactly the 10 things you need to know to become online training. It's 100% free. And the cool thing about the book is every time I give one of the commandments, I tell a story of one of my students who used that to make some money. And then you can click a link and see a video of the student talking about their experience as online trainer how they came from nothing. And it's pretty dope. It's an interactive book. So check it out. The link is in description is free. But that kind of brings this neck one. Use debt strategically. So some people, the real ball is I've telling you to do this. And this is ball and out of control. This is actually what I would like to tell you to do. I want to buy real estate or when I buy even stocks. If I buy a mobile margin, yes, like I'm borrowing money to do that. I'm taking out loans, you know, mortgages on the homes, even if it's seller finance, it's still a still a loan debt. Basically still debt, right? Or if I'm buying stocks on margin, it's still debt. Or the strategy has just told you, like using money to make money in your business. If you know how to do that, man, that's the fucking best that it's better than using your own money because you can use your own money to make money other places. So now you make money multiple ways. Say for a rainy day, I think this is ball and out of control. Those of you guys who've been following my advice, I'll always say you should have six months safety net. Six months of expenses say, because if shit hits the fan and it will, every ounce of poor, nor I know has gone through some ups and downs, some setbacks. And sometimes you need to have a strategic reserve to make it through those times. It's very important. Also, it gives you more confidence. You take more risk if you know you have a safety net. Definitely say for rainy day. It's more like, hopefully you'll never need it, but you need to have at least six months of living expenses saved up. So if shit hits the fan, you guys six months to pull it together. Keep expenses low. You know, I believe in this. I think this is, I think this is ball and out of control. That may come as a surprise to a lot of you because you see me, you know, balling big pin house. In Miami, I'm in the Gucci store, the Louis store. But I didn't start like that, right? If you watch my old videos, like 10 years and me just wearing some Nike joggers, Jordan's, even though I was making millions back there, I was still living well below my means. Because the way you get rich, is to make more money than you spend and invest the difference. That's it. And if you can do that, you'll get rich. I'll give you a quick example. Let's say you're gonna start with like two grand home. And you can make $2,000 more than you than you spend every month, right? This is after you already got your six months of savings, right? And then you're gonna put $2,000 a month in savings. Let's say you did that for 20 years. You just use a simple, simple index fund. Nothing crazy, you just index investment, right? In S&P 500, which has an average annual return of 10%. Oh, you calculate that annually. In 20 years, you have $1.3 million. Fucking, you can work on a weekend to get extra 2 grand a month, right? Oh, but somebody would tell them that extra $500 a week. You can do that. And anybody can give rich. So if you're 20, you start doing this by the time you buy, it's on 42, you'll be a millionaire. Every time I say this, some ass will say, it's me, but what about inflation's going to eat everything up? You're shut the fuck up, man. First of all, inflation is not as much as the annual return of the S&P 500. I want to average in inflation's around 2 to 3%. So you're still beating inflation. Even if you want the, like, what's the fucking alternative to not invest? And just let inflation eat up the irregular money, like, I fucking hate when people say that shit because what's the fucking alternative, dipshit? Nothing, shut your bitch ass up. You won't find, like, super rich people who don't invest. Now, you can change those numbers. If you can get more money than that, or you can find a more profitable investment strategy, then the index fund, index funds are the lowest risk investment vehicle you can find, which is our input index fund. I'm gonna say it's good. It's good. It could be, you know, this better investment opportunities, but they're riskier and you gotta have more knowledge. Any ass goal can just buy the S&P 500 every month. That's probably what most he ought to do, but if you have some sort of skill set that allows you to make more money get better returns, you know finance, you can pick better stocks or you have an edge in a real estate market. Or if you invest in your own business, you have a profitable business, that's the highest returns you can get. Like, for a long time, I did not invest in any stocks or real estate because I knew if I put a dollar into my business, I knew I can get $2,000 back, fucking weekly. And you're not gonna get that kind of return anywhere else, right? So I can get so much better returns on my business that I wasn't, you know, putting that into anything else. I just put everything back in my business for years until I was making so much more money that it started making sense to start investing in other assets. The three things you can invest in are your own business, real estate or the stock market. I guess we can throw crypto in there. It's more volatility and more risk, you know. I personally like to stick to things that have been working for a fucking decades. If you want to buy crypto, that's cool to me. It's nothing invest when you're rich. So this is shit advice. I think that's one of my biggest regrets. It's only invested in my business, right? I wish I was putting some money aside in the stock market or real estate at the same time. I wish I would invest in more when I was younger. If we look at this compound graph, if we change this shit, I'm 42 right now. All right, and I started my business when I was 25. That's what I made my first 100k. So we're talking in 17 years. Now let's just say, even if I did some simple if I would just put more money, if I would just did this with more money, I could have made extra $5,000. Now we're talking about bigger money. I would have up this number as I made more money. I mean, luckily things have worked out pretty well for me. I'm just saying, who knows what this number would be if I would have done this since I was 25. I think you started investing early and often. Learn financial literacy. This is ball and out of control. You definitely need this. Just the more you learn, the more you smile or whatever title opens with saying, right? Something like that. But the more you know the more you can grow. Man, if you do better, you do better. And you got to really, it's really important to learn about stocks, real estate, personal finance, learn accounting. Accounting is the language of money. Are you going to master the terrain if you don't even know the language? So definitely learn financial literacy. You know, a good starting place is Robert Kiel Sockies book which they have poured out. That was the first book I read on financial literacy. Plant for early retirement. This is good for regular motherfuckers man, but this bullshit man, I don't plan on retirement. I think you should get a some sort of job or a bit of start a business that you love and you do it forever. Cause like what's the alternative? Like I've never been a fan of retirement just because with the fucking I'm going to do. I enjoy what I do. I enjoy helping people build their business. I even like being a trainer and to make a lot of money, you got to make more than you spend and invest in different. But to make significantly more than you spend, we're not talking about clipping coupons and making your own coffee and shit. But what we're talking about is really maximizing the amount of work you put in so you can maximize your income potential. I've been working like 80 hours a week since I was 25. If I didn't love what I do, that would be very difficult. But I love what I do. So it doesn't always feel like work. I don't love every part of it, but I love the grind. I love the hustle and I love my work. And if you love it, working 80 hours, we doesn't sound like a bad thing. It doesn't take as much a discipline in order to do that. In fact, it takes discipline for me to stop. So when people ask me how do you become more disciplined? You probably just don't like this shit that much, man. What if you didn't need discipline to do it? You know, I was auditioned indefinitely and even when I started my business, I was like, how can I build my business in a way where I can do it indefinitely? It's not to sell it, it's not to retire. What if I build it so I liked it so much, I can do it indefinitely? And that's why I picked a business in the fitness industry. I love fitness. I mean, you can look at me and kind of tell them, I'm into it. And if you love fitness, online training is probably the best business to start, because you can make more money to our people less, get not exchanging time for money like you. If you're a personal trainer, you're exchanging results for money. And they don't care, I'm a design. You spend to get them to the results and they get it. I talk about that more in the book, thinking, maybe I'm some online training. Link is description if you're interested. If you love fitness, then I think you always hear something read that book and see if this is a route you might want to take. But whatever you pick, even if you pick that or something else, take something that you love that you don't mind doing to you die. Like warm, buff it, he's one of the richest people in the world. He's still doing a shit, he's gonna do it to you die. It's homey, Charlie Munger, he died at like 90's something, doing the shit, working that bird shower out the way, right? He loved the shit, he didn't need the money, he loved it, that's what you want to do. That's what you want to build by a house. I'm gonna put this as okay. It's good for people who don't know how to make money. If you're just a regular guy and you're not really concerned about making money, it's not like the end of focal point of your life, the way it's been for me. Then buying a house is probably the quickest way to increase your network. However, network doesn't mean cash flow. Here's my problem. We're purchasing, really say, did you live in? Let's say, I wanted to get a crib. I'm gonna spend at least, it's called a five-middle. I got to spend at least five mil, because otherwise I have the worst house above my friends, right? I'm not gonna spend it all at once, right? So I got to put it down payment. I got to put a million dollar down payment. And I'll build equity as I pay the mortgage, right? I don't make any money from that until I sell it. And that's assuming that the real estate market keeps going up, then I got to sell the house to make any money. And that's not counting all the property taxes you pay, it's not counting all the maintenance, closing calls, broker fees, all that stuff, right? Now, if I take that same million dollars and invest it, let's say in my business, remember, me running ads, I get like a three X on that, about a three X return for my ads, man. 2,300 percent returns per month. That's gonna be more than if I sell the house 20 years from that. I've talked about this with a lot of my friends. I even, like a whole conversation with a grand card don't want to about it. I own real estate, but not the one, not the place I live in, just because the opportunity calls me. They say, oh man, you've wasted money if you just paying rent. I can write off a lot of my rent, because I work from home. And I can just make more money with that down payment during the time I'm here, right? You gotta weigh that, right? If you don't have another vehicle to invest that money in, to make more money, it makes sense to buy a crib and just keep building equity. But if you have any other vehicle where you could make more money from that down payment, then you would get from the sale of the house sometime in the future. It's difficult for me to see how just financially in a house makes a whole lot of sense. You could do it just because if you want to, right? If you just want to, when you got money, it throw around and cool. It's a luxury at that point. Focus on net worth. I think this is fucking shit advice, man. Because you can have a huge net worth and still be cash poor. The way they describe net worth is like all your assets. But the way they classify assets is a little different. I think of an asset as something that brings you a return system. But most things that are classified as assets, don't do that. The home you live in won't bring you money. In fact, you're gonna spend money on that. It's more of a liability. The car you buy, the apple going in that work as your asset. But it's not bringing you no money to just spend the money on it every month. The insurance maintenance, fucking gas, right? It's costing you money. It's more of a liability than an asset. But if you were tallying up your net worth, it would be considered one. So like a lot of these net worth numbers are super inflated. When you hear like Jeff Bezos were so many billing in or this guy was worth so many billing in, it's not necessarily cash. It's like the ownership in their business. They can't spend that money unless they sell the stock. They can borrow against it. Right? And loans are tax-free. So there are some advantages as far as that concerns. It's not bringing you cash. So I really think cash flow is more important than that worth. And that worth is almost like a vanity metric. Because it's a meaning thing. You add up all this shit I own. This fucking microphone, a fucking crib. Watch this is like, I can't fucking buy food with it. It's a vanity metric. Focus on cash flow more than that worth. I'm gonna go with the next one. Live below your means. I think that's baller. Right? Now I didn't put it at baller out of control because my focus ago, I'm not gonna use guys. And you gotta make your own coffee and never go to Starbucks and clip coupons and I should off the clearance rack. You know what I'm not, I'm not on a net kind of time. But you should definitely be living below your means. And the way you need to do that, you have to avoid lifestyle inflation. I'm gonna say this is baller. I guess they're kind of the same, but I think about a different, the little below your means, I don't mean start cutting expenses, right? Start being a fucking cheap skate. Well, the one thing I see people do when they start making money, they immediately year one, they make a money, they get to new cars, they start buying a watch, they're like, ooh, that's a mistake. Especially, especially things that you have to pay for every month. I'm less adverse to buying things that are one time purchases. But I'm super, super cautious about buying things that raise the amount I have to spend every month. I bought this watch 200K, I call, fine, I did it once. I don't want to spend anything else on this watch as fine. But, you know, if I buy a payment on a bunch of cars, now I've raised the amount of money that I have to spend every month, right? One time I'm shit, I can just stop doing, but if I've raised my living expenses, that number stays the same, but I have to do that every month. Just wanna be cautious about inflating the amount you have to spend every month. Because if shit hits the fan or shit gets tight for whatever reason or something happens is outside of your control, your underwater. Your expenses can potentially go above your income, and then you're fucked. Compound issues, we all, we kinda already went over this, but this is balling out of control, track your spending, balling out of control. So I think you should track all your spending, every dollar you spend, every dollar you make, you can see YouTube videos of me like 10 years ago, going live YouTube videos, talking about using Mitt.com, they went out of business, but now we're using a company called Monarch, I think I want this to. Investing yourself, that's balling out of control, right? Because, initially, you don't know how to invest, you're not financially literate, you don't know how to make money, you don't know how to say about business, you gotta learn that shit. There's only a few ways to learn it, you can learn if someone else, you can learn it from studying, you can learn it from books, courses, either way, it's gonna cost you. And you gotta make that investment. Because there's two ways to make money, you can make money with your muscles, like doing labor, the lowest form of making money. Unless you're like a pro athlete or some shit, or you make money with your mind. And if you make money with your mind, you can make way more money, you can do leverage. Skills are a form of leverage, right? Then allows you to make more money with the same amount of time. The more you learn, the more you earn. Surround yourself with the financially smart. I mean, this is very good for sure. You can get advice from the homies and everything, but you wanna become the person as well. You wanna become the person. Because otherwise, if you just round people who are like smarter than you to the point where you don't even understand what they're saying, then they potentially take advantage of you. People will always say, man, I don't need to learn accounting. I can just hire someone to do that. Yeah, Steve Harvey did that. And then he found out when his accountant died that he wasn't paying his taxes. So this nigga owed millions of dollars in taxes. And he came back from me. But you see how much he was working. His mouth was holding like 18 shows. He was saying 18 TV shows. He's luckily he was able to do it. So I don't wanna over, it's very good. But I wanna overset it like you don't need to learn shit, you're fucking self. Automate your savings. This is okay. I guess it's cool for regular motherfuckers, man. I don't do automating because, you know, if you saw my video on MBA account and the way I do it, I say 50% of my income. But because I'm an entrepreneur. That 50% number is fucking different every month. So I mean, I have some automated savings to shit for my son, but that's it. Prioritize your health. I think this is, this is gonna come as a shock to me. I think it's very good. It's very good. And I definitely think you should prioritize your health. Weird thing, man. The richest guys I know are not the guys in the best shape. Guys, I know in the best shape do not have the most money. I'm gonna fucking alpha guys on the internet, it would tell you, man, if you can't fucking do this, you can't make money. If you can't control what you eat, you can't make money. If you can't, like, you know, that's fucking bullshit me. Cause the richest guys I know are not in the best shape. And the guys I know in the best shape are not making the most money. There are a few exceptions, like my boy, her mosaes and gray shape and he's super rich. There might be like fucking five outliers. I can think of it. But you don't wanna fucking die, obviously. You know what, you wanna be healthy, but you don't have to look like me to get rich. I'm in the fitness industry, so I gotta be in great, in great shape. I just haven't seen a correlation with fitness and income. In fact, I've seen an inverse correlation. And with the two, put a most part. Guess what? Remember to talk about compound interest. If you live longer, you got more time for the interest, the compound. Let's go back to our trusty compound interest calculator. Let's say the average life expectancy for a man is about 75. Let's say you start doing this. You're 25, so let's say you do with 50 years. Boom, do this for 50 years. Boom, 70 million. 70 million. That's fucking crazy. 70 million starts to hockey stick. That's how compound interest is work. Do it for 50 years. 70 million, that's a lot of fucking break. Our this guy started at 25, right? He lived any day for 50 years. So he died at 75. Now his kids got 70 million. Not bad. Let's say this motherfucker lived to be 90. Yeah, he started at 25. Yeah. Oh yeah, that's 65 years. So yo, you live a few more decades. You go from 75 million to almost 300 million. You're good I'm saying. You live longer the fucking the interest can compound more. That's why I got to move with the baller just because if you live longer, it's interest compound more. But another one is be patient. This is baller. Reason be with patient because you know, 65 years is a long time to wait to have some break. You always fuck me up when I was younger. I knew about compound interest, but like man, I don't want to wait that time. That was time I wasn't patient. I need to make money now. I need to make money now. But I didn't realize is you can take loans against your fucking stock portfolio. You get loans or tax free. I mean, you got to pay him back. But if you know how to make this bread like loans or tax free, you can take loans against the shit where I bought it. So I didn't know that one was younger. I'm telling y'all now. So as you wait, I don't want to wait that long. On the way, you can take loans against it, brother. It's all good. Start getting this fucking paper. Now the reason being patient is not balling like a trope because I think success is a mixture of patients and urgency. So patients is like what I said. It takes you to get rich. You got to make more than you spend and invest the difference over a long period of time. That's the patient's part. The urgency part is every day. You got to squeeze as much success out of each day as possible. Squeeze as much fucking success out of each day as possible. You got to attack every day for rociously knowing you still won't see the results for maybe a few years. It's kind of like just a kidding if family you only see him a few times a year if family reviews and funeral rolls and shit. When you see him, you're like, oh shit, this motherfucker. He grew a lot, bro. And he's looking at it like to him. He's just a kid. We're going to use the kid people to say that to you. He's like, oh fuck, I ain't even notice. That's all for real. You know, but you see yourself every day. It's so gradual that the kid grew from day to day. It's almost indistinguishable from day to day, right? You can really tell how much he grew yesterday from today. Over the course of a year, it adds up as our nature works. Nature works at capacity. He's growing as much as he can each day. The difference between nature and you with your finances is you can work a little bit each day. You can work nine. You can work at capacity. Are you growing your financial future as much as possible each day? That's what the urgency comes from. Do all they can be done each day. One of my favorite books and it's called the Science and Get In Rich. And in that book, at least 50 times in the book, he wrote in all caps. Do all they can be done each day. Think about that. That's not working hard. That's doing all they can be done. You can work hard and it's still not all they can be done. And it's not most of the time, it's each day. So we're talking about fucking Christmas. We're talking about fucking your birthday. All they can be done each day. You can't fail if you do that. Almost no one works at capacity every day. But if you can do that, then your success is guaranteed. You gotta have urgency to do that each day. But you gotta have patience, no one that it may not pay off for months or years. It's a mixture of patience and urgency. Skills over luxury. Yeah, I mean, I guess I can't have a fucking win over that. All right, you know, review your financial goals. Yeah, that's good. Review your financial goals. You understand? Constantly improve your earning potential. Yeah, this goes with like investing in yourself. These are synonymous, right? Because the only way you can improve your earning potential is to invest in yourself. More you read, the more you greed. You know? And build multiple income streams, supposed to say strings, but we ran out of space. So build multiple income streams. I think this is shit advice. It's okay. The reason I say this because you hear that shit, where people, where they say millionaires have average millionaires seven income streams. Yeah, but they started with one. They made most of their money with one. And then they had enough money to start diversifying it. I see a lot of entrepreneurs, they do shit, they do this shit. What do I have? Yeah, I remember doing some of this. And then I have another idea, man, I'm also going to do this shit. Man, I'm going to start this side hustle. And I'm going to do all this shit. It's how you go nowhere fast. But if you would put all that energy into one direction, all the same amount of energy going to same direction, you'd make more progress. Faster, you got to move in one direction. This is reverse hairy styles. This is one direction, this is what you want to do. But let me give you an analogy why this makes sense. You're going to see this shit with somebody's land on a bed at needles. You may have seen this shit before. And the reason it doesn't penetrate them because they're all equal. And they spread out in the pressure is diffused amongst all the needles. So it doesn't stab this motherfucker. But if it was one needle, one big ass needle that he laid on, it would penetrate and stab this motherfucker. It would be the death, right? But because it was dispersed, the energy was dispersed amongst the bunch of needles. It was no penetration. That's what you're doing with your fucking goals. You try to stab 18 streams of income at once. It won't penetrate. But if you had to have just one, it would fucking penetrate. Same thing. Right now I have several different businesses. I started multiple businesses. I have tons of investments. I have tons of income streams now. But I started with just one. I just started as an online trainer. After my father fucking killed himself right before the financial recession 08, I had to save my family. I put everything all my energy into a building, all-in-one training business. And I was one of the first people to do it. Nobody was doing that shit in 08, 09. All of us who did at the time, we were like the pioneers. We were inventing online training. It worked out. But I went all in on one thing. Now I teach other people how to do it as well. If you would like to learn how to do it, I got a free ebook called The Tank Mams of Online Training, the League of the Nutrition. Go ahead and download that nav.