This stuff's obviously a lot more natural, so it actually helped benefit people getting better. So they don't really like that in the, well, the big farm of world because it's not insurance-based. So they're not getting their kickback. You know what I mean? Tell us about peptides. Like, what are they, and how can they make a better version of meat? So the beautiful thing about peptides really is, they're, they're a series of amino acids, almost like a chain, linking everything together. So let's say friends, it's when you work out. Most people know what brands chain amino acids are. They're the building blocks of protein. Most people take their amino acids every day before they go to gym. They help them break down protein to turn that into muscle. Okay. Peptides are kind of, they're different, but they are, they are synthetically derived, but they're naturally already in the body, and what they do is they're called secretox. So peptides boost or up regulate what's already in a sense functioning in your body. So obviously you've got oral peptides, you've got injectable peptides, but they're not say steroids or anything like that. So the big difference there, for the people out there, they don't know too much about it. Like steroids have what we call a negative feedback loop. What I mean, steroids, I mean like testosterone. So say if I'm taking testosterone, I start taking it. Well, my body is going to do synth signals and say, hey, we're getting plenty of testosterone from an outside source, exogenously. So your brain will signal your, you know, testicles to stop making your natural testosterone. So then obviously if you quit taking it, boom, you're shut down. They call that hypogonatism. You know, in the male TRT world. So that's obviously a bad thing. Then obviously your beta is going to have issues. You're going to gain weight, things like that. Well, peptides, the awesome thing about him is you can take peptides. And again, they're going to boost you from your natural level of good up to what we call superhuman. Come on now. And the cool thing is if you, if you stop taking them, you don't crash out like testosterone and go to zero, you'll just slowly come back down to kind of what your natural level would be. But again, most people that take them, you're still going to keep all of the muscle that you gain, the fat that you lost, you know, whatever peptide you're taking, you're going to continue to see those benefits for a pretty good while. Like, you're going to legal, right? Correct. So like obviously they're not FDA approved. Okay. And obviously now, you know, we got the new president coming in. They're going to kick back everything. The, you know, the previous ones did to kind of in a sense. Shut that down because everybody in the healthcare industry, you know, they want you to just use insurance and want you to. Oh, really? Drug after drug, treat symptom after symptom. Next thing, you know, you're on to the medications. Well, you know, this stuff's obviously a lot more natural. So actually help benefit people, get them better. So they don't really like that in the, well, call the big farm of world because it's not insurance based. So they're not getting their kick backs. You know what I mean? I mean, I mean, I think let's say just for you, for instance, post-pilot out there like cancer. I mean, it's like a hundred billion dollar business a year. They've been coming out with a cancer cure forever. You know what I mean? If they come with a cure, a true cure, and they have it. There's not letting people take it because if they do, they've lost all that money. My boy, uh, Dr. Dominic, the Agustino, he does cancer research. Right. And the study's a published. He put people on keto. And it kills the cancer cells. Yeah, because it's cancer. Yeah, so it's like, but then there's a bunch of guys out there that have different research to it, whether it's keto or like a full vegetarian style diet with just, you know, fruits and vegetables that, yeah, same thing. It kills cancer cells because obviously it grows more based off of your process. Shubbers and glycogen. Yeah, you go. Yeah, yeah, in his glucose. So if you start it out, you're going to kill the cancer cells. That's about simple thing in the world. The matrix. No, don't want us to know about these peptides. Exactly. All right. So, so this peptides is, it's great. Bring me if I'm wrong. This peptides they can help you get bigger muscles, help you lose fat. But there's also peptides they help heal injuries, help balance. Mental clarity. What, what? Other some of the stuff they have. So you got subsets. Yeah, there's all types of different peptides. So you're like, said, they're kind of the chain of, you know, acids. Yeah. Well, just like when you're a kid, put legos together. You can make all kind of shit. So it's, you know, you can put all these different peptides together. They've researched a lot of them for different benefits. The most popular one out there, I think, in the world. We sell the most of it is our BPC 157. Yeah. And then TB 500. Those are two different ones. But in combination, they really, it's the Wolverine peptide. Like I said Wolverine can't die. You can stab it, you can cut it. You know, other than just probably chopping his head off. Yeah. Can't die. You know what I mean? So it's like, it caught the Wolverine peptide because it's incredible. I mean, it heals up injuries. So let's say you, you went to the gym tomorrow and you tore your meniscus in your knee. Well, we could start doing BPC TB injections in the knee. More than likely four to six weeks later, that injury is going to be healed up. Rotator cuff tears. And how long would that thing go without, like, that if you just let it go? So a lot of the time they would need surgery. I think they would have all the surgeries. Yeah, a lot of guys with meniscus need to have microscopic surgery. My dad's orthopedic surgery. They'd go in and honestly like scope it, debr似, which means kind of clean area. Get the breed it tore off out of there. So it doesn't catch. You know, you would need at least something like that. And a lot of time you can, yeah, do BPC, TB 500 together for a certain time. And they get healed faster. Exactly. I tore my, my quad. My real years ago on the side. I mean, black and blue. I had, yeah, it's a stage two tear that needs surgery. But I mean, it's, if this is an actual muscle together, it's torn almost all the way. Kind of that. Just not fully apart, but like right hanging on that. Yeah. You know, they're like, hey, three to six months to be 100%. I mean, I was back in the gym doing one 35 squats in four weeks. Yeah, because it's four weeks. And I was injected again, the peptides every day. So let me ask questions. So I used to do a lot of like calisthenics stuff, you know, like bar stars and like a right. I messed up and you saw muscle ups. Oh, like kills the elbow, like wrist and joints. And then I got kind of heavy, you know, like I went up a lot of muscle. And I was, and I was showing off. I was doing the human flag where you grabbed right holding hold yourself sideways. And I did that like this and my fucking biases. We did, but I went to the emergency room. Yeah, I thought they tore it. I thought they didn't tear it. But it's never been right, assistant. So you tell me if I take this stuff, it'll, it'll heal up. Yeah, exactly. So if you've still got some residual issue damage, scar tissue, it can kind of help. Number one, the biggest thing with that would be getting rid of the pain if you're still just having daily pain when you train. You know, it's just, it's just comfortable. So yeah, I had, uh, stem cells, not stem cells. It was the other things. Licen cells, but it's not PRP. But they, they couldn't get the actual stem cells. So it was something else. And they, they put that in there. And it was better. But it's not heal. But yeah, exactly. I mean, the BPC, TB combo. That heal that right. I mean, you know, the biggest benefits for men is going to be, you know, if you have cortisol damage, or adrenal insufficiency, which means your adrenal glands control some of the blood sugar, sleep regulation, how tired you feel. I mean, it heals that up. Got damage pain, obviously. It's like tendon damage. Panicia. It's for a bit. Yeah, it's just, it's just, oh, again, Wolverine peptide. It's going to just heal you up. It has a ton of benefits. But I mean, what's up with the biggest? Yeah, realistically, my opinion, no, I mean, overall generally peptides just like if you took a supplement too much. I mean, potentially over a really long time, you could have a little bit of issue. With your kidneys, you know, if you're healthy, you're drinking water, your eaten proper, things like that, you're not really going to have any negative side effects. The biggest negative side effect from some of the peptides would be just when you do your injection, you might get kind of flushed feeling with something like the CJC 1295, if a more than mix, you'll kind of just almost feel like you took nice and you'll get kind of a little tingly feeling. Almost like you take pre-work out. I'm sure you get that nice and watch. I like that. You get that feeling for four or five minutes. That's how you know you took it. Oh, yeah, let's go. So kind of leading into that when the CJC, if a moreland isn't awesome one, we got we got we got we got the the BPC 157 TB 500. That's again, that's a combo balloon. It's two different ones, but again, synergistically, they're amazing together. That's Wolverine. The CJC 1295. Who comes over these names? One R2D2. Like you said, if you start calling out the chemical names are so long and you're just like, what, most people lay them in terms aren't going to know. CJC 1295. Well, what does this do? And that one again, there's a DAC version and a no DAC. So ours is a no DAC. It means it's it changes the half life. If people know a half life is how long it's in your body or I, your bloodstream, before it gets out. So like what's the purpose? Herb is the C-d-c 1295 if a moreland mix is going to be to me. That's the end. I'll be all pepped out if you're a starter. You want to start with the bepped out. That's the one for growth hormone. So it's a growth hormone. Segrotalk. So it's going to increase growth hormone levels, which is going to help with deeper rim sleep and recovery. Obviously better workouts. Huge thing is going to be hair skin and nail health. Massive amounts of collagen produce. So it's going to really obviously reverse the aging to an extent. So let's say an aging example. So CJC of Moreland, my opinion, it's kind of the end of all be off your starting boom. That's the first women taking this. Oh women. Yeah, say for men and women incredible for them, again, same thing. No people are so, I would imagine some people taking that one just for like beauty. Exactly. We have one specifically formerly. And I told you about earlier we'll get into. Yeah. It's like the end all be off for anti aging. But yes, a lot of people take the CJC of Moreland for just the women love it for the anti aging and fat loss, obviously. Oh, and so how long would it take you to start noticing you fix? Now, again, I can't speak for everyone's product because of obviously quality, potency period. Like that. Yeah, ours. I mean, this fitness influencer, pro bikini woman the other day. She purchased the bottle. She'd taken peptides in the past. You know, she was using literally like this, the CBD. All kinds of stuff is to sleep. Okay. Just to go to sleep at night. The CJC 1295, it won't have to look the first night. Don't take any of those other subments you were taking. Just do the peptide because again, it helps you get into rims sleep, sleep, sleep, but she took it. I mean, she was like, Dr. Rust, that was the best sleep I've had like nine years in crenadwav woke up. I feel amazing. So again, you're gonna notice results from these peptides. Almost immediately with a lot of. Wow. That's what I love about them. I mean, you just, you know, like I said, you inject the CJC, you're gonna get that flush feeling, you know what's working. And then obviously you take it out one before bed. You know, we recommend. You can do it pre-workout or a poor bed depends on kind of the program that wherever you're getting it from whichever doctor's prescribed me, et cetera. How you tailor your program is gonna be able to do it for everybody. But yeah, I mean, at night, it's incredible for sleep. You don't really get any negative side effects. You know, for me, I've tried CBD, Delta, not on that. I don't like the, the body experience I get or just the groginess the next day. You know, things like that. I remember, man, I fucked my back up. And then I was at some fitness expo. And I met this company, these people who had like a CBD company, they gave me some drops. Yeah, they gave me the thing to bring me at the top of them. Yeah, the next day I felt perfect. So it's like, yeah, they do. Yeah, they can work a work. But you're saying this works better than that. And it has more benefits. Exactly. My opinion it does. And like I said, it depends on what you're really, theoretically wanting to use it for. Obviously CBD locally on an injury side or like said taking it to sleep is good. But you're getting a plethora of benefits from, you know, the path of the things like that. It's not just one thing, like said you're getting sleep. And collagen. So like how long do you think the people start looking older? I'm getting old, man. I want to ride out this influencer shit as long as possible. Man, we're just slow down my age and even more. Well, big time. Yeah, like said, we can actually reverse it. I know a lot of people. You know, oh shit. Really. And it's testable to show it. And there's no side effects for this shit. I don't want to guarantee that every one's over every. Like you said, obviously, obviously, if you already have, if you've got cancer, if you have a kidney disorder or something like that, I'm not saying that you wouldn't potentially have problems with it. But if you're a healthy individual, there's next to no side effects. There's no worse than taking a bunch of oral supplements or something else over the countering Advil every day that's damaging your liver. It's definitely no worse than things like that. Because most people get scared of it because they're like, holds pep.d. And you're going to eject. There's not a research and you're injecting. Exactly. It's a subcutaneous injection with a little bit of insulin needle. Just like if you had diabetes and you're injecting your insulin, so again, like I'm a mosquito bite, you don't feel it. But yeah, people sometimes get kind of thrown off by that. They're like, what's injectable with. There's no way it can be safe. And I'm like, okay. And somebody would just care needles. You know, yeah. So there is obviously oral versions of the certain pep diets too. So that's an option for the goers that don't like needles. Or give me some more pep diets and some more. Our test of morelin is one of our other top sellers. Obviously really good products. So it's similar to the CJC if I'm morelin, but the test of morelin again, another growth hormone secretary. But it specifically targets the adipose tissue or the fat cells in the abdominal area. So again, when you inject that one, it's going to burn fast, specifically around the abdominal truncle area. Oh, I've always heard as a trainer, my whole life that you can't burn fat in one spot. I mean, not naturally. But when you take the other test of morelin is it's due to its crazy. It's one of our top sellers. But yeah, it's going to, it targets the fat cells in the abdominal area. And the thing I like about it for like body builders or big guys like me or you, you know, we love to walk around having that pump feeling filled out. Because again, you're keto. You don't eat carbs. It's a little harder than my opinion. I think to get pumps in the gym, because you don't have as much as that glycogen storage. Yeah. But you want to get that in the gym. You want to look pumped up all the time, veins showing so test of morelin is incredible for that. I mean, the pumps are out of this world. I mean, like people who take pre-workouts and all these, citrally else, citrally in an origin, they're trying to get their pumps in the gym. Because obviously the more blood flows, the muscle tissue, the more it grows, the more nutrients it gets. So the test of morein is like the king at that. For reasons. It's incredible. And fat loss. Fat loss and pumps. So again, it's huge for muscle building. To me, it's like, it's like, one of those is 50, 50. It's like 50% fat loss, 50% muscle building. Oh, it helps your build muscle too. Okay. Yeah. All these growth home effect ads are going to help you put all in the muscle mass, burn body fat, but just like I said, certain ones are, you know, obviously synthesized to do certain things. So the test of morelin is hugely for that domino body. Is there anything to help with like mental clarity and or intelligence can make me smarter with a max? Yes. CMAX. That peptide. I mean, they have a bunch of studies on it. For cognitive ability, it can help fight out timers, dementia, things like that. Pretty awesome stuff. Even Parkinson's a little with things of that nature again. They're still doing a lot of studies on these peptides. I mean, there's ongoing research every day. I took it. I mean, it's like taken atrole. I'm taking almost every peptide. Yeah, it's like atrole. Yeah, the semax. I mean, I had to take half dose. Now, the negative side effect on that one, I would say the only thing I know is I get a little bit of a headache with it. I think it's because it's so strong. I mean, it's like, making your brain better. It's like mental clarity, cognitive abilities, definitely super focused. Like I was saying, taking a fedger and, you know, and getting injected or counting the wrinkles on our steering wheel, so locked in. It's that feeling and it's a peptide. But obviously much healthier for you. Are there people taking it for like just work like stock brokers or fucking triggers? Yes. Exactly. You can take it almost like you said, more therapy, you may not necessarily need it because you're not old. Like, me, you just want to function more efficiently and have it's hot with my game. Exactly. Yeah, you weigh the morning, boom. I'm not a max all day long, you're locked in. You know what I mean? Make a money, come in at what new ideas, it'll make you more creative. It's the one I'm most interested in. The max is pretty awesome shit, bro. It's, it's fire. It's gotta be careful with it because it is really strong. I'm not like that. I just took half a dose. I was doing the full dose. It was too strong. Too strong. Because I'm really sensitive though, too. Yeah. I don't do caffeine and things like that. Oh, so, you know, so you probably final with the full dose. I think like a thousand milligrams of caffeine every day. I'm funny. I could take two, three hundred. I'm, I'd be jumping out of the building, right? Oh, that was working numbers. You got pumped those numbers up, man. Yeah. Those are, yeah. Listen, working people find out more information about you, bro. So my handle's at doctorusdr.r.r.us. Obviously you could my link to your, you got my website for my peptides, which is vitalpeb.com. Yeah. If you want to go to one of my clinics, I'll say you want to blood work. We can actually have concierge with bottom. I'm going to really come directly to you at your business or your home. That's vitalforceal.com. Yeah. Actually in the process now, I've got contracts waiting attorney stuff. We're trying to get another clinic open down here in Florida. So we do tell the medicine out of Florida, but we don't have an actual location. So I'm doing the peptide company. Obviously more wholesale online. And then, you know, we're telling medicine down here. That's why I moved down. But yeah, yeah, yeah, we're, we're basically spreading out this year. We're scaling now. It sounds good, brother. Listen, man. We definitely have to make sure you're tapping into the home.