Yo, we done, we just got my Florida driver's license after not having a license for like 15 years. So now it's time to give you a car. And I want to test drive all the cars I'm considering and there's one person who had to do it all on one plane. Yeah, all the cars then I'm considering buying. Rolls, Rolls, Rolls, Lambos, Portius. All right, so time, man. Walk us through the cars. We're going to look at today. Yeah, the first one we're going to look at is my 2024 Rolls Race Phantom. This is a bespoke car that I waited almost two years for. This is the one that I think you should get. You think this one, this one, this one? It's huge. It's going to fit you like really well, very comfortable. And also they only make 300 per year. So you're not going to get a welfare call in in or like a dawn or a rate. Yeah, they are. I'm going to go to see these busers with my own. No, no, no, no, no. Listen, at the end, I want you out of a vote on which car I should get. So our buzz of times vote is for the fan. I recommend the fan of them. All right. Tell me about this car. Yeah, man. So it's got a V12, 625 horsepower. It's the biggest car that they make. Of course, it weighs over 6,000 pounds. You'll get the tax benefit as well. Ah, modern Rolls races do weigh over 6,000 pounds. So that makes it. This one has all the options. This one has the curtains. This one has the pop up floorboards for a footrest. Of course, all Rolls races have the umbrella that pop up here. I add the ceiling on the inside completely bespoke. So the constellations and the shooting stars are set up for the day that I was born. This exactly the way the constellations were that night. This is the two tones. Of course, you have the Y and the Galileo blue. This is the one of one car in the world. They have not done this color on a fanom before. So I don't think it's worth waiting almost two years for your first one. Yeah. I think you can go get one off the lot. Maybe like a 22 or 23. OK. They tank and value. So I paid up right under 750,000 for it. This thing might be worth 600,000 right now. Oh wow. So if you get like a one year old one with two or three thousand miles, you'll be Gucci. Right? That's option number one. That's option number one. All right. Next one will go over to the Rolls Race Spectre. This is a 2024. This is Rolls Race is very first electric car. This is in Twilight Purple. Purple is my favorite color. OK. Is very royal. Yeah. This might be a good option for you. Yeah. That was pimping purple. But it's Twilight Purple. You can name it whatever you want. Really. So we'll go ahead and jump in. Thunder. You can take a seat in this one. Oh, yeah. Similar. I'm going to take a shoe so. Yeah. They does have the Lamp Skin, floor mats. You can take that probably be better. Let me take the shoe. This one. They bespoke the umbrella as well. So you're going to get the purple umbrella. Come on, man. Just $6,000 option. But you got it. 6 down below. Yeah. They're to make the different colors. The standard is black and you don't have to pay for the for the black. But and you do say black is beautiful all the time. Yeah. Does it come with this? The laptop? Yeah. I did not come with a laptop. I'm sure they can work something in for you. I like this a lot. Same thing with the stars. Now they started putting the stars in the door. This is the first car where they did that. This did a whole new info payment system. So it's actually touchscreen now. You turn off the radio? Is it on? Yeah. I started. I started here. Oh, you got the Kevin Gates on. It recognized it. You did it. It's all the time. I couldn't get the Gates off. I get it. Yeah. So crazy black man. It's a little man. You need some crazy black. Yeah. So you're still got a pretty usable back seat. I don't know how many people you're going to be rolling around with. It's got a 300 mile range on the battery. So it's still usable especially around Miami. Yeah. But maybe not be the best for your only car. Yeah. How many how many homes can I fit in here? Like how many homes? It depends if we're talking BBL or regular. BBL? Yeah. We're talking BBL. It's been a good two. Good two. I think if non BBL, you're putting three or four on there. It just only depends on how you're riding. Life is a game of tradeoffs. On the fanom, you can put six and a side and two on the trunk. Ah. That's different. And then I have for many other ones that jump on trying to get in. Exactly. Does it have a, and he bubs up like guns come out the back. James Bonnell. So we don't have any guns on it. But I will show you how you charge it. So when you come out, Rolls Race gives you their own little charging station. So I got to do it just click and then just stick. This is 100% electric. A electric electric. The rent in my old range. I've gotten it down probably 270 on a full tank. Yeah. Completely out. Yeah. So it's pretty true to what you see on the range there minus 10%. But it's super fast. That's one of the big difference that they should do. A 4.2 second zero to 60. And she almost weighs 7,000 pounds with the batteries. So the fastest Rolls Race that's ever been made to. All the Rolls Race doors closed automatically. So you can just touch the button and then they close like that same thing with opening. So it just makes it a little bit easier because they're so big. Those stock rims. These are stock wheels. Yeah. These are the 23 inch. They make all the sport wheels for the Spectre in 2024. I like it. Yeah. I mean it's pretty good for stock wheel. I think they're 23's. What I like about the Rolls Race is the double R stays. Oh yeah. They are weighted. So all the center counts always stay centered. It's the opposite of the spinners we hit. Yeah. Yeah. You know. Alright. So we'll go to the third Rolls Race. Alright. Just while we're down here and then we'll move on to the sports cars. So that's option two. Dispector. Pimping purple. So this is the Rolls Race Dawn. This is my first Rolls Race. This is the 2022 Rolls Race Dawn. This is in Tempest Grey. I'll put the top back. So a lot more. Put the top. So put the top back on these motherfuckers. Oh fuck. So this is Tempest Grey with Mandarin Orange and Terrier. Can I go for it? Take the shoes off right? No matter. Oh, doesn't matter. I'm gonna get another one next week anyway. Alright. So I'm in this. So that one you can put a seat back a little bit. This one's the only convertible that Rolls Race has made for this stuff for the coupe. They also have the Drophead Fanom, which is the older generation. I'm waiting for them to make a new convertible. They make a convertible in the fandom, which is super sick. Yeah. I really want them to make a new one. But this is a lot of fun. Same engine V12, 620 horsepower. Yeah. You got all I guess that all of them get the umbrellas. This of course is their only car that does not have the Star Hell Honor because it's got the soft top. But this car you got it. You got to drop the top every time you got it. If you got a drop top, had you handle like the apps. You got to make sure you're not going in areas that apps would be. And then also we have anti-op devices in the doors. Okay. How is the white some like we keep the anti-pired devices on the boat when you anti-op devices up here? Good. So you don't have to worry about that too much. So now this is the Ferrari 48 Spider. Turbo charge the V8, little over 700 horsepower. A lot of fun. Yeah. We'll see how well you fit in this. This is a convertible so you can drop the top as well. It's a hard top convertible. Oh, this is not hard top convertible. Hard top convertible. All right. So like if you get at me, then I put the top off. And you can't even tell that it's not a coup. Yeah. Perfect. There you go. You might have to put the top back for you. The button is only there. So this car is terrifying. It's real well drive. The amount of power that it puts down. You never know if you're going to come home alive. This thing is trying to kill you every single time you hit the gas. Yeah. That's a really good way to take some adjustment to getting used to. This was fully carbon fiber out. You got a carbon fiber steering wheel, carbon fiber paddles, carbon fiber center bridge, carbon fiber air conditioning. She was a nipple under 300,000. Now to be clear, we're limited to one big. This is a nuclear one. All right. That's cool. So nice good. I got a girlfriend there. There you go. So maybe it's good to place the limitations on what you drop the top. You can double up in the passenger seat. Yeah. Again, BVL restricted. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Now I get it. So I come over to the last car right now. I have a seventh car or a six car for you. But my girlfriend took it to work. Typically we have the the Uris. But right now we'll look at the hurricane. This is actually my first. That's not its actual car, but a hurricane with my first exotic car. It's a great entry level super car. Six hundred and some horsepower. Naturally aspirated V10. Those seats at the E-MOS on Comptural seats. You can buy an any modern production car. Carbon fiber buckets. They look cool, especially with the top down. But after 15, 20 minutes you want to need a good car or a proctor. The title of this is the Jimmy Trial to kill me in the hurricane. I don't know if it was the hurricane. It was the me and my garage vehicle. Oh yeah. He's got yardo. Yeah. He tried to kill me in that shit. Yeah. So you got such you can't do in this. Yeah. The title of it, you know, as usual. Murdered. The temps on my life was unsuccessful. They got thwarted. Yeah. All right, man. Now you got to choose which car you want. You're the Ferrari, the fan. I'm the specter. The hurricane, the Uris, or the darn. Let's start with, you want to take a fan in your main? Vannel. All right. We can take the final. I think he's a good car for flexing on the haters and stun on the hose. Yeah. Yeah. It's simultaneously. I mean, you both. With this with this car. You're definitely in some thought repellent though. Oh, man. Oh, man. I'm at the bayden issue. I'm at the bayden thought repellent if I got this. This is super, super slow, man. It feels like I'm, it feels like I'm gliding down the road. Yeah. So like, once you come around here, you can literally just use one finger to like make the turn or just like two fingers. But it's like, you can basically control the entire thing with very little effort. Wow. Super smooth. It's like seriously. It's almost like I need to use the house smooth. Yeah. Yeah, because it's pretty easy to just keep turning. With most of the car, you have to do a full like turn just to get to where you want to go. Here, it's like half a turn. You know, like BMW's just the most out-driven note. The steering is super stiff. Yeah, right. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, that's the most important to fire. This is just designed for luxury. And also, you're not feeling any bumps. I don't feel. Yeah. I'll turn off the air. And then just like don't say anything. Super quiet. You can't hear anything from the outside world. Which can be kind of eerie sometimes. There's less to learn with your thoughts on the highway. Some parts of where you may want to take it. So you can just drop the bird up front, the spirit of accuracy. Uh, the front. That way, if I get said, if you see your ops, you just drop it. And then they can't come take it. It's super loud. It's a really good audio. Sound system, show drop, and also hire her ride height. What was your favorite thing about this car? Uh, I would say just how unique it is. Like, there's no other car and like it on the road. Like I said, they only make 300 per year. I mean, you're going to see a million ghosts on the road. You're going to see a million colonns on the road. You're going to see a million hurricanes, Ferrari's, G wagons. You will never see a big ass blue. You know, the derindigulus color. Uh, second to that, just like how easy it is to drive. It's so. She's a boat and you can take, you know, five people in your way. You want to go. She's longer than an F 150 and heavier than an escalator. So what did you think about the founder? I liked it a lot. Um, it's big. The big car driving a fucking boat. It's so smooth. Like almost, I don't know who's too smooth. What? Yeah, I think it's a getting into smooth. It's a very different way of the regular car. It rides smooth. It's dope. I can see myself in. I like that as a lot of room, a lot of space. I like that is, uh, four doors. It's got four wheels. I look for that in a car. Yeah, lots of good things on. I like it. All right. So that's number one. Which one should we do next? We'll say the Spectra next. Pimping purple. This is, uh, the electric car. This is, uh, the electric combine with their sound deadening. Uh, you don't hear anything. Yeah. And this is the most terrifying acceleration. It's budget for car this big. So one of the things I like about this so far is the, uh, acceleration. Yeah. For a car that weighs this much, it's, it's pretty insane how much is it? Almost 7,000 pounds. Wow. It's super smooth. It's like, why? I'm not going to have tons. Yeah. All right. So you drove the fan um, and I drove the 2024 Spectra, the Mercer Electric Rolls Royce. What do you think about the Spectra? The Spectra was even smoother. I think I like driving this more, but just like in practicality. Yeah. Of having it. It's a coupe at the end of the day. Yeah. It's harder to describe. It's like magic fiber ride. You're like a black Aladdin. All right. So which one we looking at next? Next we're going to do the Rolls Royce Dawn. Oh, just comfortable. Oh, it worked. How much is this one? $167,000. Ah, that's it. That's right. How much was this with the fandom? $725,000. Around 3.0. Ah, I don't know. And now we're going to go with the Dawn. Yeah. Go to Shea, he's going with the drafts up here. Got him. So this is your first Rolls Royce. This is my first Rolls Royce. She's a little over two years old. And this is when he gets you addicted to Rolls Royce. This is what started the addiction. Yeah. So this one's got a pretty good mix of the performance. It's not as fast as the Spectre, but it's not as slow as the fandom. But you, of course, have the convertible aspect. It's still huge, super comfortable, pretty usable. What's your favorite part about this? I love the color compliment. I love the orange. Orange is my favorite color. Is it? Yeah. So being able to have it in orange is pretty cool. You don't really see too many or gray on orange. Like, it was a reception on the street when you driving this. Ah, the one that gets the most attention to the fandom. Okay. And then I would say this and then I would say the Spectre. Really? Yeah. I mean, because this one with the top down the bright orange, and then the fan has the bright blue. So this one feels the most like a regular car. Yeah. The steering's a lot stiff for the chassis's differ. Accelerations a little bit of a puppy. You can actually have a sport mode in the switch. They call it low mode, but it just gives you more power on the low end. But this does feel like a lot more of a regular. It feels like a regular car. It out, but it's not like a bad thing. Alright, now you've driven the Spectre, the fandom, and now the drop top down. Yeah. What did you think about the dawn? You know what this dawn was the one to feel like, both like a regular car. Yeah. Like, I don't know if this makes sense. I can feel the roll. Yeah. Yeah. But I couldn't feel the roll. I could compare the Spectre to the... Yeah. And I don't know if I like that better or just like what I'm used to. Yeah. You know, driving a regular car. But I like that a lot. I like that it was a... To convertible aspect of it. Enough room for it. Yeah. Isn't that for what? You know, this should be dope. This should be dope. How much does this one again? I bought this one for 5,000, and 10,000. I bought her new a couple years ago. No. Like I said, this is probably the cheapest one now. It's probably worth $3.33. Yeah. So you can probably get a really good example with low miles for an high, high, high, too, as low threes. Alright. Yeah. The wish will we have to do a mix. Next we gotta take out the Lamborghini Huracan. Now it's time for the Lambo. Alright. So this one is pretty loud. Yeah. So this one is pretty loud. Yeah. So this is the naturally aspirated V10. She does, I think, at the least second, 3.1 seconds, zero to 60. Alright, man. So now we've got away from the Rolls Royces to the sports cars. Where you barely fit in it. So how do you feel about it? It's a little tight for me. And then initially it was too loud. But then you turned it down. Yeah. So we were in course of them. We went to strata. Yeah. That strata, that volume was a little better for me. This is a good car to really get my middle-life crisis. Oh yeah. Pop. Nothing best every day driver. It's not very practical. It gets about nine miles to the gallon. So it's something that I'd probably want to make too much sense in my M.A. You can't use the truck for anything, isn't it? Yeah. And that's the best for the lift. Tell me a little bit about this car. Yeah, man. So this is the fastest car that I own. A little over 700 horsepower. It's a turbocharged V8. And incredibly fast. I think it's a 3 second, 0 to 60 car. This is in Rosso, of course, a red with the 10 interior classic Ferrari color combo. R-Man. You drove the Lambo. All the Rolls Royces. And now the Ferrari. What did you think? I like the Ferrari. I like the Ferrari. I like the Ferrari a lot. Think I might have liked the BMW Lambo. There. I think it's a better driver's car. Yeah, and I like it as hard top. Comerable. Yeah. With the thing is both these cars are a little small. They're very small. Very impractical. It's just good to have it like a third fourth or fifth car. How much is this? This one new. I think it was 380. I paid 275 for it. I don't think a fan of my respecter is the best option for brand. Yeah, let's do it. Which one do you got like the most? Type it to coming. Each one you with ball and wide. All right, first of all, Tom. Thank you so much. Yeah, no problem, man. Thanks for coming by. No, no, no. My pocket. I think the ride won for me. It is fan. Okay. Because it's big and I'm a bigger guy. Yeah. You know, I got the sun. So, you pull up. I'll get the wind in the back seat. And there's also no solid limitations. There's no solid thing. Which is important. Right right. No. I didn't think. But if it becomes in war. You know, it's easy to keep. At a time in the future. This is it. She decides the razor voice every once. I got it. Yeah, it's the fan of the right one. All right. And then you pay for all your cars and just section they really. Yeah, yeah. It's I've always been on the first thing. If you're going to buy those receipts, you don't spend your early income. YouTube past thing. So I wouldn't care. I'm going to use my section eight. Really stay income the pay for how many units. I need. I already have some. But hey, we do some math. Yeah, we can do some fan of math. All right. So section eight fan of math. All right. So now we've identified the fan of that he wants, which is a 2023 Rolls Royce. This was a $625,000 car brand new last year. She's got 1300 miles and started to appreciate it to 484,000 bucks. So I think it's a great one. Murdered out black the way you want it. You said you wanted to put 100 racks down. So 100,000 see me financing 385,000 plus some tax. So you're going to be looking around 7500 dollars per month. Right. So now let's look at some section eight properties. Figure out how many he needs in order to be able to cover that monthly payment. First thing we're going to do is open up section eight Pro. This is going to give us the best options to find section eight units that are going to be able to cover his monthly payment. This sounds the stuff required to yourself. Right. This is what it reads. It reads the name. You can see yes to stump it. Other people know it. Yeah. So this software built out about a couple years ago to build out my own portfolio. So we're going to find some properties really quick. Like I said, we want it minimum. Let's look at a thousand dollars a month in cash flow. Property values 70 to 150,000. So I'm liking units kind of like this. I like simple units. A thousand a 13. Just square feet three bedroom. This is going to make a thousand dollars per month. It looks like it's in grade shape. Only $88,000. So you would not roughly. After spent correct. This is after property management fees, taxes and insurance. That's your monthly cash flow. Just pro. So just looking at that one, I mean there's 153 pages worth of properties that we're going to be able to identify. And we're looking for gray roofs, good side being good curb appeal between 80 to 100,000 dollars. Again monthly cash flow a thousand. Somebody named these houses to cover the monthly payment on the fanom. You're going to expect another 500 to a thousand dollars per month for insurance. So you really have probably $8,500 a month all in. But now you need to find a tenant. So now you've identified the property. You'll make it off for on it. Now we've got to get tenants involved. So we're actually launching a new feature called tenant finder. Like I told you before, it's like a LinkedIn for poor people. So you're actually able to find all this section of tenants that exist in the United States. We have them registered here. And then you can actually see their credit score, their rental history. You can see a bio about them, previous evictions, and also the most important copy of their voucher. So you actually know exactly how much they're going to be able to handle from a section 8 perspective. Because if they have a two bedroom voucher, you don't want to put them in your four bedroom property. Because they're only going to get paid on two bedrooms. So this gives you a good insight. Now you can send them over a text message or message directly through the app, reach out to them. And then let them know, hey look, I have this unit available. It's an area that you're looking for. It's moving ready. We know. So you're able to occupy the unit six, seven times faster than before when you're just putting a listing up and helping that they reach out to you. So you really ought to be the majority of the six in the, oh yeah. And that's what I wanted to do is make a kind of a no-brainer for my property management team. Now they can come in. We also have property management built in. So we have all of our properties here. Our tenants are all located here. In voices. Yeah, it's all put together. Right. So that's just what we made it. That's what we made it. That's what we made it. That's what we made it. That's what we made it. Yeah. But those are no, how many units do you use? I have 725 houses in four different states. Somebody who's working. Yeah. Making about a million dollars per month. Go me. Drop. Yeah, that's net cash flow. Yeah, not cash about a million dollars per month. You let's tell you four dollars. Go. Yeah. I mean, right now all the cars are paid off. But that one right there. I pay about 12,000 per month, but not. And that's the only remaining car payment that I have. Got. Yeah. Now those are no, why six leads, instead of traditional wheels. Because it's Tuesday at four o'clock in the afternoon and where I heard test driving cars and about to go do some car shopping for him. You can't do that if you're out here. Flip and properties are doing the birth strategy or Airbnb or all this other nonsense. We buy properties. We've managed them with property management people. We also have software to allow you to see the entire process and then we're hands off. The only part you should be involved in is the acquisitions. Once you buy it, then it should just cash flow for you. It's also guaranteed rental income. So anything else with flipping, you don't know where your next dollar is coming from. Now I know on September 1st, I want to have a million dollars dropped into my bank account. The government's paying me. Yeah, that's when those people buy the government pays it. If you just think you matter to the, that should just our progress back is good to their world. The broker they are, the better it is for you because the more the government steps in and helps them. So you want them ideally single mom, five or six kids. You'll be sitting pretty. Where the elderly on fixing come, you know, that has maybe 1,000, 13,000 dollars per month, they're going to get the max rent as well from section eight. So man, so, you know, the other day, stock market really crashed. Yeah, and everybody I know who's in stock market was booking tripping. But I took a lot. I look at a lot of my stocks. Yeah, I've been buying six and eight. Really stayed with you. Yeah, you were chill. Yeah, you. I mean, I was watching all the red on the news. People were talking about the sky falling. I saw crypto a draw, but I don't know, 10, 15%. So I mean, it's just one of those things where you never have to worry about it. Yeah. If the price of the property comes if there's a recession, who cares? Section eight rent is still guaranteed to you. Yeah. You know, you have tenants that are staying there five, 10, 15 years. So you're not dealing with constant move out, move in, move out, move in like you are with air B and B or with regular, regular tenants. So that's why I love, I mean, in that demand of phone calls that I've gone from people to now. All of a sudden, I want to diversify when I see one little correction. The bull market is, you know, showing a different side to it. That's when people start looking to diversify. I was so glad that I've mentioned it. We started working on, you know, because of my such an eight portfolio, you know, over the last year. So because I've already been the first part. Yeah. Now it's what it's written skill to suck. Definitely. Next level. And we'll get some more properties and just keep building up portfolio. And we do it at class. A free tradeover will show you guys that's second out of group. And tell them more about that. Yeah. So we have one coming up. Click the link below in this video. You should be able to join it. We saw some spots available. I'm going to show you how the software works. How we use it to find the best sectioning properties in the United States. How to buy properties of $2,500 to $5,000 down. Also with no credit. Because like Brandon, he buys his first property with only $2,000 down. Using seller financing. So I'm going to show you guys that as well. And then also a lot of skill. How to get from one property to ten to a hundred. So we'll look forward to seeing you guys there. Bill Musnell got free training. League of Description. Click that right now. All right. See you guys. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.