Tell me about OZMPI. What are the pros, the cons, the benefits? Because he waxed me about OZMPI all the time. I'm not familiar with his ass. You are. Yeah, and let's keep it simple. A lot of the people out there just look at one thing. They want to lose weight, listen to anybody. And it's all the rage. Look everybody's taking it now. But you got negative side effects to everything you do. So again, in my personal opinion, the OZMPI. Let's say, me as a bodybuilder, big guy, I did want to get cut up. It's not going to be my first choice to drug to lose weight. But I would say if I was going to do another competition. And on the last six, eight weeks, I'm just eating my damn hands off. Like I can't control it. I'm getting super low calories. No carbs. OZMPI could be that drug for me. Where I could micro dose it daily. And it would just help me curb my appetite. So I can actually sleep at night. It actually does have good benefits that it reduces kind of inflammation and swelling in the body. It has good benefits. And obviously it helps weight loss too. For what I understand the only way it really helps who it losses just makes you less hungry. And lame as terms, yeah. I mean, the biggest thing is it just suppresses the appetite. Big time based on your dose of job, obviously things like that, not again. There are that 1% of population out there too. That like a GLP1 or the GLP1 mix with the GAP. Well, it was like GLP1. So the GLP1 is like the OZMPI. That's what it was. And for exactly. And then you have like it's big brother, which they call it their Zepatide, which is a GLP1 and a GAP. So they just hit different receptors and different things. We won't get into like the scientific portion. And no one's going to really understand that. But it's like it being as twice as strong as you. And then there's like retrochryotide, which is like a three in one. So it's super super power-oast. Oh, asimp is not even the strongest. It was up. Your Symmogluide, which is kind of the street name. Lamin's terms that most people understand were OZMPI. The main thing is it's going to do some press appetite. But that 1% of the population, a lot of people will know, won't react to it at all. Well, really. We have a basis coming in and they do great on the Symmogluide or Zepak. The Luz 15, 20 pounds and however long. And then they'll want to switch and get some strong trotters uptide. It does nothing for them. So just so you guys out there know, again, just like anything else. Some people react well. Some people don't react. Now heard that people also lose a lot of muscle when they take OZMPI. Exactly. So that's kind of that thing that people don't want to talk about. A lot of the studies out there and I know we'll put one up later. You know, the true studies, either one of those drugs you're taking for 52 weeks, you can lose about 15% body mass. And that's how they word it. Body mass. So you're looking at overall weight is what your body mass is. Let's say you're 300 pounds and you want to lose 60 pounds. You probably lose 60 pounds in a year, but how much of that was muscle, how much of that was fat, and how much of that was water. You're going to really lose mainly muscle. You lose mainly mostly muscle when you take those M.B. What likes people who on OZMPI, they look kind of funny. I'm calling like that extravote up prune. Yeah, they said something like that. There was an M.B.Face with the M.B.Face. Yeah, because you're losing your Luz and muscle. You're not really losing the fat. So you almost a skin gets saggy and loose. And you had the tone changes, but again, we'll touch our lab, or I'll hop into it. There's an awesome drug. A huge study they came out with that looks very promising. They're doing it with the rats right now. It's a drug called fall statin. I say drug. It's another peptide, but it's a protein based. You can take that with these GLP ones, GIPs, and you can actually lose fat with it and put on muscle. So they're synergistic together. Incredible. So this is something new coming out. It's almost like they're creating all these designer drugs. Anabolic and stuff. We're going to get it in that later. It's almost going out the window. It's like old school shit. We're starting to just completely get away from that. Here in the next, I'd say two, three years. If your body builder testosterone, master on, all the derivatives of testosterone, those are going to be the thing of the past. We're going to have something else from even use that shit anymore. It's just going to be obsolete, because there's two of the negative side effects. Yeah, that's the direction they're going with all these new designer drugs and peptides. Who is those in big four? Who's it now? That's not something I can directly answer. You know, as a doctor, I think it can be for everybody. Like you said, it's the application of it. So it's not something I want to take or I've ever thought about taking. But like I said, if I did a body building show, I would use it to suppress my appetite a little bit. You know, a big time calorie deficit really more for me not to lose weight or lose fat just to suppress my appetite. Okay. Because the thing is if I'm body building, it's a great drug to utilize for its purpose for me. I know I'm eating all my proteins. Let's say I weigh 250 pounds right now. Well, I'm getting 300 grams of protein in a day. I'm doing, let's say I'm only doing 100 carbs because I need to be in a deficit to lose fat. And I'm doing maybe 60 grams of fat. As long as I'm getting all my protein and all that, I'm not going to lose the muscle even if I use some of the semi-glutile, but like said the lay public people, they're just going about their normal life. Yeah, they're taking this stuff and like said, they're not exercising. They're using it as a crutch to try to lose weight. And they're not eating macro nutrients that they need. So then that's why they're losing this mass of the amount of muscle tissue. If you stop eating protein, what do things going to happen? Yeah. You're definitely going to lose muscle even without a zimpick. But it's like that tin bolt because the ozypics taking away your appetite. You don't want to eat anything. So you're basically just going into starvation mode. And then obviously when you come off this stuff, it's really bad because then you go back to eating three times as much you were before and you're going to blow back up lots of inflammation because these people, what I say, they have a mouth problem. They can't control their damn lousy. They have no discipline. So theoretically, if you took those empty, but you made sure you hit your protein intake, exactly. And you made sure you at least hit a minimum amount of calories. In my personal opinion, you would keep your muscle mass and those statistics of just 52 weeks and 15% body mass, I think would look like a whole different story. They'd have to do a research clinical trial and all that to determine it, which I think would be a good one. There are a lot of friends that take it. I mean, for bodybuilding, so they don't lose muscle mass. Oh, because their micro dosing it very small, does just enough to control the appetite, help them with sleep because it does help with sleep. It helps sleep inflammation. Now the other negative drawback of those big, taking it long term, it does, you know, in a sense it can weaken your bone, cortical bone, it can cause osteoporosis. Oh, yeah, just like one of the other drugs that people don't know about an astrosol or a remadex is an estrogen blocker, same thing, over time, damages your cortical bone. It also has a really negative side effect on your cholesterol level, so it, it'll increase your LDL, and it'll decrease your HDL. So again, if you guys out there don't know, HDL is like your good cholesterol. That's the only protection heart. LDL is your back cholesterol that mainly comes from the foods you eat in a sense and land in the term. So yeah, a massage-solid remadex, which blocks estrogen, which is used in male testosterone and placement therapy with your testosterone. At least see all these regular doctors given two whole pills a week, which is two milligrams, way too much, it's called the line negative side effects. So they're not really building a true one-off wellness program for each person. That's where TRT can also get a bad rap too, because the doctors just, here's your 200 milligrams of testosterone, shoot it once a week with a big eye and needle, and then here take your whole pill of a natural, on Monday and Friday, and they give the same shit to everybody. That's not how it's supposed to be. Everyone's hormones are different. Let's say friends, your testosterone. If you're taking a standard TRT dose 200 milligrams, you break it up into two shots a week. Yeah. And your testosterone is right at the maximum of normal, a thousand. And let's say you're doing your daily workouts, but you're only doing them four days a week. Your hands, land push ups, all these shit you normally do, right? But then you up it to, you go, I'm ready to up to anti-less fucking train seven days a week. And you start doing that same routine seven days. Your testosterone is not going to be a thousand anymore. You're going to burn through it just like if you floor your car, you're going to burn it to more gas. Really, your testosterone total is now going to end up going down to say six, five, seven, hundred. Just in layman's terms of kind of explain the example. That's what will happen. And you're going to have to bump your dose up. So that's why hormones and all these things with these medical doctors, it's not a one-size-fits-fits. So everything has to be custom built per patient and you have to keep a hold on it. Like so, with our clinic, we do labs four times a year. You get labs at the beginning, you put you on your program. You get labs about 10 weeks later, we adjust your dosages to hone it in to what's good. You've been on the stuff for two months, constant, nice routine we give in you. So we get a nice baseline, then we make an adjustment to hone it in a hundred percent. And as long as you don't make lifestyle changes, our exercise changes, you're good. And we normally kind of check up on that about six months later, if you're still good, we keep it there. If you need a little tweak, because let's say you started UK, man, it's a hey doc, I'm working out two more days week, I'm feeling to freaking awesome. You know, we're going, okay, we do your labs. Probably gonna need to up your dosal at that dose. And then say in the winter time, which for my amy, there's not one. But let's say you're gonna live somewhere with code. That's what's gonna happen. You're gonna go lazy, you're not gonna wanna go gym, it's cold, you're gonna hibernate, you're gonna eat more, we're gonna have to back your dos down because you're not gonna burn through it. And if you keep taking the same dose, that's when you start getting negative side effects, higher cholesterol, higher blood pressure, because your levels are gonna go. They're gonna exceed where they should be, because where we had them perfect at the top at 1000. Yeah, you're gonna stop working out. Now that testosterone's gonna stay in your blood, and your levels are gonna rise because you're not burning it off. I never thought about it. They make it all, yeah. Yeah, it's a receptor. It buys to your receptors. The different drugs do with things.