Recently there was an assassination attempt on former president Trump and it's not the first time we've experienced this as a nation, you know, luckily Trump wasn't critically injured or mortally wounded. He's going to be fine. He's going to be fine. But I want to talk about why I think this happened and what is going to mean for the country and why I think this basically guarantees the Trump will win the election. The basically guarantees he didn't need a whole lot of help. No, Biden out here trying to stand up can barely talk. He didn't need a whole lot of help. Yo, this is Brandon Carter from the future. I filmed this video. You're watching before Joe Biden dropped out the race, just dropped out the way it rates like an hour to go. Right. And I just found that while I was doing some work as a cardio on my desk bike or a hike on my hide option for in bulk. Listen, if I don't care who is the election, I'm not a Democrat or a public ed, I don't really give a fuck. I'm a fall no matter what no matter who wins. However, if I was in charge of the Democratic Party, I would just forfeit this election because there's no way you're going to have somebody out here, for raise somebody out here for campaign to just trump for four months and expect to emerge victorious after this guy has been campaigning really for the last four years. This shot and you're going to have somebody compete against him in four more months after he gets shot in the end and then get up and has a whole whole unit that we're a Republican convention. You have somebody beat him. They should just work with this. Check me out. He would have four of it. This focus on winning the house in the Senate because the president can only do so much without part of the space from the House of Representatives in the Senate. I mean, you can still appoint Supreme Court justices but like one of them has to die over retire for that to happen. Anything do something like executive orders but that's kind of limited in scope. I believe you can just forfeit this focus on the House in the Senate in reloading the next election. Man is so it's over man. I'm about to get back the doing cardio on the O shape. I'm okay with a win. It's man looking my life. I like me going change. I'm about to win. I think you can't head it in the bag. I have a theory about presidential elections that I want to share with you. Now first of all, why did this happen? Well, here's some studies I found. This is research published in Washington Journal but it's based off studies they found from other data source research data center of America over the years. There's been more political divide in the nation. For example, so Republicans hate Democrats more. Now that they did in like 94, right, according to polling, and Democrats hate Republicans more than they did in 94. It's getting worse and worse every year. Like the political rhetoric within the country is starting to spill over in the real world events. Here's some more polling data that shows that each side thinks that the other side is more this honest close-minded and immoral in more than it used to be. Right? So basically, each side likes each other less. In fact, it might be better to say than each side that's starting to hate the other side more over the years. Now personally, I am not a Democrat or Republican. I'm an independent voter and I live in a swing state. I decide the election. All the politicians are always trying to get my vote and because I don't identify as Republican or Democrat liberal or conservative, it allows me to actually just look at the candidates, their policies, actually listen to what they have to say and then make it a form decision. I say all this to say, I don't have a horse in this race. I'm not biased at all to either Democrats or Republicans. Just put that out there. All right. Now here's some more data that shows that over the years, each party thinks that the other parties agenda will destroy America and this sentiment has been increasing more and more over the years. And you see it in the rhetoric you can see that in our discord. I really believe that the biggest threat to America is not an outside force, it's not Russia, it's not China, it's the political divide that we have. If America does fall, it will be from within and not from without because we see my lost sight of the fact that we're more similar than we are different. We agree on more things than we disagree on. And because I have friends who are super leftling Democrat and I have friends who are super rightling Republican, I've talked about the both groups about issues. They all went similar things just a different version of it. Both sides agree on more things in a disagree on, but they hate the other side for disagreeing on the things that they disagree on. It's gaggle like how people in Boston like baseball and people in New York like baseball, but they hate each other's teams. But they both want to see a good baseball, they both want to lead the do well. It's kind of like that in American politics. We all want America to see. We all want a lot of the same things, it's just different versions. But the rhetoric has really got out of the hand. The make matters worse, most Americans aren't that smart. This is a graph of American IQs. The average Americans IQ is about 100, which is fine, quite literally average. But that means half the people are to the left of this bill curve. And about 20, 25% of people are here under 85, which is kind of fucking stupid. It's stupid. Below 70 is kind of a disability. Right? These are people who are the difficulty doing things on their own. Yeah. So below 70's like the R word and lower 70, 85 is like stupid. And there's a lot of, there's a lot of them. These people can vote too. And even if you wait that smart, but then that fucking morons. Right? Like these people are kind of fucking morons. Right? And they can vote as well. Make matters worse. I say all that to say, there's no way that all these people on this graph can comprehend the inner workings of global politics or national politics. They can't tell you about the macroeconomy or the microeconomy. They can't tell you what rising interest rates means. They can't tell you shit about anything. They dumb. They dumb legitimately stupid. Ignore it. Our word. And even the smart people with higher IQs don't know a lot about politics. I have 37 employees right now. And when I was higher people, one of the interview questions I had was named three senators. No one has ever passed it. These are smart people. These people college graduates. Like smart people. They could not name three senators. No one has ever passed it. Of the top of the day. So if the average American can't name three senators. And then about 20% of them are kind of fucking stupid. But all of them can vote. It stands the reason that Americans do not pick their leaders based off policy. It's not a policy decision. I think. Listen to me. And this is why I think Trump is going to win. And this is why I think him getting shot up like 50 actually helped him. I think that Americans use a more primal method to pick their leaders. I think Americans by and large vote for the candidate that would win in a fight. It sounds ridiculous. But I back tested this. And I'm going to go into the data. I have data to support this. Let's get into it. So the very first example of this is when John F. Kennedy went against Nixon. This was before Nixon was president. This was the first time you ran. They had a debate. And here's a study from Purdue University where they did a scholarly analysis of the debate. And what they said was people who listened to the debate on the radio. You remember this is old school. So not everybody had a TV. Most people didn't have a TV. TV was just coming out. So a lot of people listened to it on the radio. People listened to it. On the radio were more likely to vote for Nixon. But people who watched the debates on a television was more likely to vote for Kennedy. One explanation of this phenomenon was the presidential candidate against physical appearance during the debate with Kennedy appearing better on television than on TV. And yeah, look at these more folks, man. Kennedy's all tall, young, looking like a G. Nixon looking like a, he looked like a cartoon villain. Kennedy looking like a young superhero man from the 50s. This is where it really began when TV came out. But I back tested this strategy. So let's go. We're going to take it from 1980. Ronald Reagan was like the first Trump. Ronald Reagan was a fucking movie star. This is a picture of him in cowboy movies when he was shooting up people in shit. He was, it'd be like it for the rock ran for president. Because back in Reagan's time, it was cowboy movies. It was like that shit that everybody fuck played. Right? That was the action movie at a time. And he was a star in that. He ran against Jimmy Cart. What do you think one? You guys were in the live. What do you think one? Ronald Reagan, whoop Jimmy's ass? Then Ronald Reagan went again, man. You know, four years later he's up for reelection. Who do you go against? Walter. Mondale. I don't know shit about this guy. And you don't either. But you can just look at the pictures. You're probably assess who would you vote for? Who do you want to lead you? All right. Then we hit George W. Bush after Reagan. Because you can only run two consecutive terms. George W. Bush came through. He was the leader to CIA at one point. George Bush was also, he also worked in the Reagan administration. Ronald Reagan is a cowboy and he was a fighter pilot. George Bush goes against Michael Ducakis. Yo, man. George looked tougher. He won. And during the time, like I researched this election because I was a toddler when this happened, but I researched it. They were kind of talking about Michael Ducakis like he was a bitch. Like he was a punk. The political ads they weren't really talking about his policies. They were just saying yo, he a punk. He did some clown shit. He tried to dress up and like some military shit and he looked like a clown. And that's what all the ads were like, yo, just like a punk man. No fuck, man. Right. That was the whole shit. Then George W. Bush now he got a little older. Remember the presidency ages you. George W. Bush is going to witness reelection. Who's he goes against Bill Clinton? At the time Bill Clinton was mad. Young cool. This is him on a campaign trail. Right. He was going on talk shows playing the saxophone. Really good. Looking young. Where Bush was looking kind of, he was being kind of older frail this time. Clinton wiped the floor with this motherfucker. Man, when even close. Boom. Then Clinton, he goes for reelection. Boom. He goes up against Popdo. I who you think one man. Who you think one. Now it also helped it. The economy was super good during the Clinton administration. Then we had two new contenders. George Bush Jr. Right. His daddy was already president. Verse Al Gore. Al Gore was Bill Clinton's vice president. That is these two were evenly matched. But George Bush, you know, he was the governor of Texas and he really marketed himself like a cowboy. Also real deal. Send me the same type shit. This is the campaign photo. Yeah. That's not CGI. That's not Photoshop. There was fire behind him while he was at the podium speaking. Right. And this is Al Gore. Al Gore wasn't a bitch. And he had the benefit of, you know, a successful Clinton administration. The economy was at record levels. Everything was fucking super good at that time. This one was super close. But Bush won. It depends. It depends. Who you ask? Because Bush did not win the popular vote or the like electoral vote. This was actually decided by the Supreme Court. So this is the only one that may be, uh, but it doesn't poke holes in my theory. All right. Bush up reelection. Oh, he goes against John Kerry. Come on man. You already know. All right. All right. Then we had John McCain. All right. John McCain was a war hero. Right. Vietnam auditioned. He won no bitch. But then he had to go up against the big home from Chicago. Barack Hussein Obama. Right. Obama out here. Me dunking on my fucking looking. Yeah. Who do you think we're winning a fight? Right. This is my whole premise. I think America's vote for whoever winning a fight. And if you back test my theory up into 1980, I think it's standing. It's a whole of the truth. You know, at the time McCain was having a hard time walking around his shit. He was old as fuck Obama out here dunking on people and he said, you fuck with him. Right. Then Obama's up reelection. Still got to mean jump shot. Still got to mean pull up jumper. Right. Goes up against Mitt Rodney. Mitt Brown. He wasn't like a bitch, right? But I don't know Obama. Mitt Brown was like a warm in he was super religious. You know, he just seen kind of the wrong Mormons. And then right. If I had to guess man, the guys who had heard dunking on people were probably winning when the if they were we had Donald Trump. Trump came through talking crazy. Being crazy. Rocking the hat going up against Hillary Rodham Clinton. This is the only one that kind of pokes holes in my theory because Hillary Clinton won the popular vote Donald Trump won the electoral college. So those you guys don't know shit about American politics. We have this weird system called the Electoral College where every state gets a vote. So you basically got to have to win the state. It's not who gets the most votes. It's who gets the most elector votes. Each state has a number of elector votes. So you can lose the popular vote. Meaning you could actually get less total votes than you're opponent in steel when the election if you win the right states. It's super weird. But that's the system we got. But he still wants a kind of fucks with my theory because she won the popular vote. He's still won elections. So must I think my theory still stands. And Trump's a free election. Now here's the thing. It wasn't the same Trump. We had fat Trump. Y'all might not remember four years of the long time. Y'all might have forgot. Trump got super fat. And then he got COVID-19 shit. Getting sick makes you look weak. That's why I stopped getting sick. And you know, I kind of realized, oh man, getting sick makes you look weak. So I let me stop doing that and I just quit. I just gave up. You should do it too. Right with that Trump. I guess I know you think sleepy Joe Biden or the other shit. But you know he wasn't looking like so much of a bitch four years ago. In fact, I remember watching the campaign. And I was like super impressed that these old ass men was doing a bunch of speeches per day flying around. I was like, yeah, I'm tired. This fucker. These guys on Adderall or what they do with me? Like if I got to do, if I got to lead a house twice, I'm tired in my 30s, late 30s. This helped Biden look. This is a campaign picture. He wasn't looking as much of a bitch back then. I'm saying he wasn't looking like as much of a bitch. But Trump had got fucking fat. And he got COVID made him look weak. He lost that election. Like if I had to pick fat Trump over Biden four years ago in the fight, I think Biden would have won that fight. Things have changed though. Now we got this Trump. I'm man taking bullets on stage. And then raising his fist like yeah, fuck what you heard. I'm still out here. Biden is having difficulty walking upstairs. You know what I'm saying? This is the contrast now. Biden's health and mental health has seemed to have taken a turn for the worse. It's been a difficult four years for Biden. Nobody's going after Biden. They just wait and this easy to just wait some steers again. They just wait and they're on the stairs. And Trump's out here taking bullets on stage. There is no doubt in my mind that Trump is going to win this election. Look, we just back tested my theory. We went back over 40 years. You understand? That's 42 years of data. 44 years of data. Almost 50 years of data. The proved that Americans vote for the person who would win a fight. It's clearly Trump right now. Biden is losing fights with staircase. Trump is taking bullets to the face or stage. Then he wouldn't play golf the next day. It's super clear. I really think that's how Americans picked their present. I'm not saying it's right. Or wrong. I'm just saying that's what it is. That's how it is. And you know, a lot of people are thinking that this was a political stunt. Listen, man. I know a lot of people would miss shot. I don't know nobody's miss shot on purpose. Especially the close to the brain. Like, if I was to get shot on purpose, the shooter would aim for my fucking head. Right? It'd be like Leahy, fucking shoulder. Like, definitely away from all the vital organs where my brain. Like, a head shot. You don't call it duty. You get like props. You get like points for head shots. I know I'm playing Call of Duty and it tells me how many head shots I got. Right? How wouldn't be? You'll listen. I want you to shoot me almost in the head. Like that. I don't listen. That is not a stunt. Had he not turned to say it would be in a different situation. And I'm super glad he dodged that bullet. Because I think America dodged a bullet. Because it would remember when I showed you before. How it's been so much like rhetoric between the two parties and the two parties hate each other more. You saw what happened when he just lost the election. They stormed the Capitol. Right? He has supported stormed the Capitol. Imagine if they blew his head off. Right? It would be crazy out here. I'm so glad he wasn't hit. I don't know what happened to America. If losing election calls people to storm the Capitol imagine what that would have done. I'm super glad he survived. When I say I have friends on both sides of the aisles, like legit I have friends on both sides that I have friends who can't paint in New York for Bernie Sanders. I also have one of my boys went to prison because he was dormant in the Capitol. He was in one of the pictures. Hey, everyone in the Capitol. That was my boy. And I was like, whoa, I didn't know he felt distorably about it. Or he gave his freedom. And that was a millionaire. He wasn't like some fucking redneck truck driver and broke boy. He was a millionaire. He was just super, super excited about this shit. That's why our politics is today. Right? And I noticed one Trump won the first election. I asked my followers. I have a lot of them. If you voted for Trump, tell me why you voted for Trump. Because I didn't vote that election. I wasn't trying to demean him. I wasn't really wanting to know. Like what the pill was. And I would have did the same thing if they voted for Hillary Clinton. I just wanted to get it out of the mind of voters. None of them gave me any policy decisions. None of them told me about him either. The policies he wanted to do in that only thing the general consensus was. Basically he was saying that he was a bad ass or that he that he wasn't politically correct. And that was like the consensus. Like, oh, you want to fuck this really wanted rainbow. That was what you really wanted. He was a little bit more fucking rambo or the Terminator or some shit like that. That had been your perfect candidate. And even that supports my theory. Here's what I'll say. The president show election will have way less impact on your personal life than you think. It really will. Because the president for him to get anything done, he needs help both Congress and the Senate. And he's going to need some bipartisan support to get anything done. And that's the system we have. Where we don't want we're not electing kings. Right. We have a system where checks and balances. No conservative president can be as conservative. They want to be in the Liberal. President can be as liberals. They want to be. And history has proven that. What will affect your life substantially is the actions that you take no matter what happens in the economy, no matter what happens in the government. I'm going to find a way to succeed no matter what. So if Biden wins he won't. But if Biden wins, I'm going to find a way to succeed in an OSTR. I'm sensitive. If Trump wins, I'm going to find a way to succeed in the OSTR. I'm going to succeed no matter what. I mean, I'm a ball no matter what. That's why I don't read my horse scope. If I don't care what you produce, I'm care where Mark Eury is. I'm care where the moon is. I'm going to get money. I'm saying. I don't give a fuck what Mark Eury does. Mark Eury can suddenly get my debt. I'm going to get this money. You understand? And I'll care who wins the election. I'm going to get this money no matter what. You need to have that same outlook on life that you are going to make sure you succeed. Your family succeeds. The people close to you succeed no matter what happens. That's the American way. If you want to learn more on how you can succeed in any circumstances, I got a video somewhere right here that has showed you how to set goals and accomplish them in record time. You can run circles around these motherfuckers. And if the Republic is winning, you'll benefit from the tax cuts. All right. Let's go.