Today we're racing a $5 million yacht versus two super cars to sing who can get around Miami to fast. I'm my hero where I'm a cake and dependent lead a made of weight I'm the people's voice of pepper in the world. To my place and to the wind I'm the star of its own trophies and from the top here my boy, Wade, and my boy Tom was actually my second name real estate mentor. They're easy going to be driving the super car and I'm moving right in the top $5 million yacht. So Wade, which car are you going to tell you? Yeah, as the Martin would drive an ass-demarin DBS super ligera D12 naturally aspirated monster. Hmm, when years it, uh, 2021. Come on man. How much, how much do you pay for that ship? Uh, right around 300. Bring a hundred, okay? Yeah, damn. Those affected reruns or no. Those are some aftermath. Well, there's one of that, yeah, no, no. That's dope man. We've been 20, 27, you're 27. Yeah? Those are guests. I'm nice with this hit man. Never loops. Now Tom, you got an incision to make. Because you got several super cars. I don't know if I'm going to go beat you guys in the Phantom and Comfort, hmm, or if I'm going to do a real slow in the electric, it rolls Royce. That one's fast though, isn't it? It's quick, but I might run out of range. I might run out of powder and yeah, in which case I might be a half push it. You need a portable charger or something. I don't know. More than like, let me take my new 2025, uh, revulta. Hmm, oh, this is thousand horsepower, uh, V12. 2020, old ad. Yeah, some light. I just got it today. So this got to you, sit in. Yeah, so it might as well just go ahead and try it and see what happens. Yeah, okay, okay, okay. It's fast in here, McLean. Yeah, McLean's 700 horsepower, Ferrari 700 horsepower. This is a thousand. So I think we got a little bit. And it's up to 2.3 seconds, 36. Oh, my. So it's violent. How much did this cost? This was a light 700,000. That's it? I'll take it up today. They give it a move. You should've got two. All right, uh, it's an option I probably would have. I love it. It's an awesome car. I've driven it. This is a little bit, but this will be a good way to stretch out her legs and see how fast I can get to the restaurant. All right, cool. I'm gonna ride Tom, $5 million. Yeah, tell us about the yacht. Yeah, so I got the yacht about a year and a half ago. It's a purging, right at 100 feet. I paid $5 million, box has Brandon is said. It's gonna, I mean, it's fast. It's a fastest boat in its class. It weighs 100 tons, but you can do about 50 miles an hour. So you're gonna be hauling ass most of the way there. Outside of the no weight zones. All right, so it actually will be pretty close because we're gonna be contending with traffic. You have one bridge to deal with. So we're gonna see exactly what happens. All right, let's get it. The loser has to pay for lunch. I'm then making handle that, all right. All right, so I'm gonna go get in the boat right now. So I'm gonna pick it up as crib too. And we're all gonna start and leave at the same time. Let me tell you what I'm gonna tell you. They're making it hard. Taking it back to the other me. Go play with the reaper. You can practice what you're so me. But my mind, my mind, now you fist or watch it. You can't just stop. I'm just gonna put it in this room. I'll set my mind time and find out when the news will come. I'm gonna put money on my head. That's what I was. It happens to be if it happens to me. That's what I'm gonna lead at the same time. The reason for what they think. Let's go. Three. Two. What? Yep. Three. Two. One. Let's go. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. If it's gonna be a car, that's gonna win. It's definitely gonna be us because he couldn't even keep up if he wanted to. And that, uh, asked him. I mean, it's comfortable. It's very James Bondish. But then in day, it's slow. And we have a performance on our side. I'm here with Captain Chris. Yo. Yo. What do you, who do you think is gonna win? Oh, let's see. There, and uh, some rush hour traffic at the moment. I like it to our traffic is pretty. So we might be able to get them. Yeah. Well, if it wasn't any traffic, who would win? Uh, then I would have to say, probably Tom. Tom and I'm brand new, Rob Welto. By the test to shit out on the highway. You're about to see what this boy made of. I'm telling him, press. Ask me how I'm living. I'm telling him, press. You mean, you know, I'm not. They take me to see you out of play. I keep wanting to know. Today, we're in the side. You mean, no time to waste. Make a me to see you out of play. I keep running. And then is, uh, going, probably around 40 miles an hour right now down the intercold stall. Heading towards the restaurant. And, um, we're gonna try to beat him there as fast as we can. Yo, the homies are racing. They're probably in traffic or some shit. I'm chilling on Instagram live. Well, my boys have been traffic. Trying to beat me in a race. Here we go. Here we go. What are we in? No way out. Let's go. Okay. Now it's paying me. I don't know. Reason's right. What? Reason's right. And there's a go. What's the one that came in? What is going to fall? So you treat the coalition. I put that in on the mission. I'm gonna allow me every dollar you should raise your eye. That's the market. I'm not the vision like I'm calling on the latest eye. And the reason why I've been like a filter sensor danger. Yeah. You can go to the top. Check out the view. So just with $5 million, I'm gonna get you. Not bad. I'm gonna allow you on Instagram. But this bridge is gonna slow us down because we gotta go slower. That might give them a competitive advantage in the race. So I'm trying to get a free lunch today. I spent all my money on this car today so I need a little help. I think it's a little help. There's a lot of things to do in the past coming up here. I'm gonna just try to stay ahead and see if he pours him to do something stupid. Because if he crashes, he can't win. And wait is very predisposed to crashing because he's very reckless. And overall, lunatic. So we're gonna try to avoid staying in front of him too much and rather die, you know. And try to get cut ahead of him. So GPS is showing two minutes out. We're gonna see if we can bring this home and get to the Valle first. Light has Brandon Carter doing. We've got to find out. Oh shit, you guys got there. Oh shit. Oh shit. I'm still here. I'm about to go to a bridge. Oh, you can go. It shouldn't even close. The bridge is open at the bottom and at the top of every hour, 435 o'clock. And he missed the 430 bridge opening. So what that means is he's got to wait until 5 o'clock for that thing to open again until he's gonna be able to pop back out. So it's gonna take a while. Front, CPT, where I'm Brandon's time. And he's always late to every function. So this makes sense. I'm trying to get it not to butt. So bizarre seeing my boat coming in from the water. It's always using on it. But today we got thirsty. This is my 100 foot purging motor yacht coming by. Grabbing lunch with us. We got the Ciri won the race, but they can figure it out. Yeah, you turn it around. A little remote. Throw here. Are you driving the boat with a remote? Yes, sir. Driving the boat with a remote. Come on, man. Yo. Who's a good bro? Yo, what up, man? I just got, I saw you was online. Man, I said, yeah, let me see you with the help. We're talking about, man. I'm the baller life, man. Oh, man. You know, it's a hard life. But somebody got to do it. Yeah, right. You know what? Yeah, I'm going to boy time over there. You know, it's so we've been racing. I jumped in the yacht and he just bought a lamb over there. And we was racing this year. Got their first in he won. But I wouldn't want to look max or just want to take on my shirt. No, you good bro. You see the Brazilian. I'm like, what you're doing? No, I just wanted to show love, man. Like, I love what you're doing. You're doing your thing, man. And I'm just, I'm just, I know, fifth for man long. And I'm just happy to see that the shit is like really blowing up. And you pop in, man. So I'm just, I just want to say what up, man. Hey, hey, Brandon was my first mentor. So everybody doesn't notice. This is this is this is the dude that helped me establish the business. Right. Help me like we can coach him from brand every week. All right. I mean, my business partner. So the big dog, the boss, appreciate it. Come on, man. You know what this man, yo, yo. Keep doing your thing. Oh, we may. I love to see it. Appreciate you, bro. I wrote this. I wrote this. I wrote this. All your rich friends got a flex on you. Flex, no, my ass on from the boat. All right. You see the difference, life. I got to get my life together, guys. I got to get, I got to get more successful. Like, and call up. I can call y'all up from from the yacht and be like, what's up? How's it going? But anyway, next call it. It's so hot not to act like we're so young. So it looked like I lost the race. He had to be with a bridge, you might have won. I don't know. I don't know how you guys would drive. I don't know if you cared about the loss. I got, I got the captain who was following the rules. All right. Yeah. We're following the rules, man. We weren't cheating on like y'all. Yeah. You, you look like you won. Yeah. If you had barely missed, I'm brazed dude. If you had made that bridge, you would have beat us. Yeah, it was the braved end. So, Tom, we see you with this, you know, five million dollar yacht. Yeah. Buying new cars all the time. You, yeah. How many lambs you got? I got two lambs, three rolls of rice is in my clarinet for a rea range rover. Now we're on my five million dollar yacht. With the twenty million dollar yacht, with a twenty million dollar yacht, really ball. Like straight up, Tom, Tom, I think Tom is my worth just for a second. Okay. So, but in you bail on many books from sexually real estate. So, I've been doing section A for nine years now. I have 735 properties across four different states. So, the majority of that has come from section A. I did some burr at the beginning. That's when you buy a property and you flip in and rent it out. I did some non-section A when I got started. I even did some Airbnb when I got started. So, I've tried all the different real estate strategies. But section A, it's the most profitable, the most scalable and the easiest for most people to get into. You know, when you were told many about section A, that's what made me want to get a real estate. Because I hadn't bought any real estate yet until I heard about what you were doing. And the benefits of it are so much better than just regular real estate. Oh, yeah. You can get started with $2500 down like we did for your property. You can do it with no credit or bad credit. There's a lot of ways that you can get into section A creatively without having to put 20% down and have 10 to thousands of dollars. You've developed a software to help you locate. Yeah, so it's called section A Pro. This is a proprietary section A software that I built. That's going to show you all the best section A properties in the country. If you want to jump over here, I can kind of show you. This is the profitability map. This is going to show you all the counties. And exactly the average cash flow per county. How much section A pays for each bedroom count? Because that's guys, it's very important to stay on with section A. It's all about how many bedrooms were in the property. The rebadrooms pay more than two bedrooms obviously. And then four bedrooms look at that. 1537 dollars in this one county. And if we're going to go take a look. Now we've got to go and identify the property after we choose the county. So the whole goal is to buy as close to move and ready properties as possible. $97,000 in this property here makes $855 per month in net cash flow. That's after property management fees, taxes, insurance, that's all inclusive. So this is a type of unit that we really want to target. And I mean, there's tons of them out there. If we look back down here, we will root for it. What does somebody doesn't have $9700 but they wouldn't get involved? Yeah, so in that case, what we do is compare the filters. And we would do seller financing. The seller financing is going to allow you to show you all the properties in the country. That the homeowner is willing to finance it for you. Meaning that you don't use a bank. You're going to take the $2500 or $3,000. Give it to the homeowner and then you make monthly payments to them. And that's the end goal. Because then you avoid banks, you avoid appraisals, you avoid tax returns. Income verification, all the usual hoops at the baby make credit checks. You don't need any of that. You can buy directly from the homeowner. And that's how Brandon bought his first few. I did $2500. $2500 for his first one. So that's exactly what you want to do. My software shows you all that. Let me show you one of the things that's really important. With being able to choose properties, a lot of people are worried about tenants destroying your unit. The only way that happens is if you choose shitty tenants. If you have low quality tenants, what's going to happen is they're not going to treat the property right. They're going to get evicted. It's going to cause even more headache for you. And then you're right. Sectionate is awful if you do not screen your tenants. But we use a software to say, hey, look, this address is one that we want to buy. Right now, low murder, low rape, low robbery. Berglies is a little bit high. Not a big deal. Like I always tell Brandon, make sure your tenants know how to fight. And then you're going to be good on the burglar side. You know, like, but outside of that, you're going to be good. Make sure you don't rent the Android users. And then you're going to discuss that a great length. That we find that Android users get evicted at a much higher percentage compared to iPhone users. It's the real standard number. So I mean, I've been doing this for nine years. We have a ton of empirical data. Android users have lower income, lower credit scores. And as a whole, for the most part, are just not as good as tenants. So we just don't rent it at that metal. So we're actually doing a free training. We're going to show you guys exactly how to get started the game plan from start to finish. We'll tell you more about the software. We'll tell you more about everything in this free menu. He told me more about that training. Yeah, so I'm basically going to walk you the same training that I did with Brandon when he came over to my house. I'm going to show you step-by-step which house is to buy. I'm going to show you how to identify low-crime rate areas. How to buy with seller financing. And a lot of you guys live in really expensive areas. Like, we live in Miami. We don't buy properties in Miami. So being able to set up remote property management is key. We're going to show you that on the free training as well. If you click the link in this video, the description of this video. You'll be able to join spots are limited because we are going to be doing a live question and answer. And I'm giving away money on there so we can't max out a 10-inch in there. I'm giving away money. I'm giving away money. Guys, we're both going to be on the webinar. We're both going to be answering questions that you guys have about anything I should do with Section 8 and the best part to get started. So we look forward to helping you crush it in 2025 and building real assets with guaranteed rental income everything I'm on. Click that link below. Click the link below. Don't not miss out. If you're going to be a rock, I was messed up and no he wrote. Breakfast in the morning, every city, all in the need for a walk. That boy, he going in, I call that a go to get leetho. Watch out, I'm showing that from there. Keep down the heat, Robert.