Alright, so today's gonna be inches of the day. I am headed to Chicago, my hometown To kick it. One of my best friends the home Derek money bar Alright, so I just got off the airplane, you know, a money bar sent. He's driving the me back to pick me up from the plane station. We got to go to his crib. Alright, so we're in Money Burt's private gym and it's been fantastic. All of the equipment is better than most commercial gym you'll see. Body builder slash entrepreneur slash super hero. Mr. Ram Carth. You were here to be like heavyweight champion, little bit to share. We got the most stack outs and you have to see like heavyweight history. It was not a good move. It's a good move. Yeah, it's a good move. Yeah, it's a good move. I don't even know. I know the subation. I all the record. Most of the niche in the new UFC, I'm here to see Leo Rovachita. He came through his. He heard. We're gonna have good work out. He might be part of it. Leo to also look at UFC like every weight champion, super hero. Good father, good man. He's a husband. Yeah. I forgot my workout closed with dairy. It's kind of a limb borrow. I shirt with his face. He just has all the about 100 leagues laying around. He's a very modest man. Shout out to my girl for forgetting the pen ball. Work your close. We've been a long time and even, you know, I was not always bad. But even when I was very fat, you know, I never, but not wasting his time asking them some shit that I'm not going to do, you know. Later on, after it makes some results and make some progress, if you're okay, Brandon, what do you think about this? What do you think about that? You know, for a diet or a workout or things that he knows more than me, but that topic. If I asked him something, I'm gonna do it. I don't like it. I gave him some really annoyed with somebody that they come ask me a question. And I said, and I, you take the time to really, you know, like share with them and like, from your heart and your time. And so I, hey, we need to do is this, this, this, this, this, this, this, then you see them a few months later and they haven't done a fucking tail. You know, if when somebody does that, I'd like to really hurt the relationship. But, you know, kind of like that. So I never do that to somebody. If somebody, you know, I've never asked you about fighting. How does that's going to do the thing? You know, I've never asked for your opinion. I think it's very disrespectful. Somebody spends their time in that. They don't make progress. I, I never do that, sure. They have them later. I asked a few things about the January few fitness things and, and these little progressives. Then I, I knew you, I knew you serious me said a few. When this was getting put together, you know. Yeah. Then my daughter, second June, I said, well, you know, they'll act to sit here. Follow these dark clothes on the top to combat. You, Berk combat. I got to meet that in the room. But I might spark that wildfire. Rubble, run, I preach. Fun house ag, yeah. King of the Palace. I probably now come but up isn't an air to the classroom. Yeah. Hands up, hands up in the air. They got me down. I keep it on, they're crunching and I'm about to bite him out. Fun house ag. Yeah. This is actually for such a skill. It's real for such a skill. Okay. Inside. I know Vesashi, so Konaseo, So when I see it, this is the craziest one. Then you're the most reasonable column on our best. And now only few tip. See? There's a big force. Take color. You just got a big color. It's almost like a bomber. I think it's like that. When you move your arms about with this, you can go, yeah, it's for some curls for this. Now there's my duty to build. So that's the new blue belt. I'm very happy. I'll be able to go over to share our assigned this. And these belts, so there's a big level of bill. I don't know, they skipped a few belts there. There's a place like the belt right in the middle where I can't wait to black belt. It's good to do because you, because you experience in, I've been training in MMA for like, you know, three years, solid, solid. I have the best coaching, indeed, in the world, literally in the best. And, you know, these are my duty to build. So, you know, do belt, you do it's like a starter belt. And this is the athletic black belt. So that's like your first, you know, promotion, sink in promotion at third or more. I want to meet Black belt here. This is a good one. This is, you know, the reason that one's big. I suppose is, unless we're $10 million and revenue, we're over here, we got, you know, million dollars in sales, million dollars in sales, $10 million, $25 million. I got my $15 million, come on, there's a slow way, my 50 million. Oh, with the 50, this low, with my 50 million. I had 50 million for a minute. And now I need to fill them that black for me. I got this one. I hadn't seen this one in person. I used to, you know, it's good. You know, if I'm there for 50, then we need 75, but 100 million, that's so, that's a fact. Same way, I need a couple black belts over there. I mean, that $100 million, that's a lot of winning going on over here. There's a lot of winning. Yeah, there's a lot of winning. It was not accidental. That is, it is deliberate. Some deliberate many. Libric winning tends to be higher level of winning than next digital winning. When it has that work. This is the private gym earlier. We've got to go to here. Other private. Yeah, the other private. They're my major. I'm very weightless. But this is the year. We call this like a, I think it was just a studio. We fell on the earth for my business. So we're not. You got a few different sections. Can you just explain what it looks like? Hi. And what is it? By desk, we'll be here sometimes. Sometimes I do, you know, I'm mentally a call from over here. But I'm not myself. I'm seldom by myself. I got the boss desk here. I bought this desk when I was like 20 or 21. So the desk bandwidth moving a little at a little patience. I'm going around here. I've these are my three courses. I'm very proud of these courses. And money, very mentoring. And it was the first one is about entrepreneurship. I made the Barca's mastery course. I made the real estate riches course. And you know, both of us been entrepreneurs in long time. I made ten million dollars. And I'm new for the University. And the gaming capital that can make ten more millions of dollars. And I'm also posting markets. And also most of the stock market. That's about global markets. So if you have many, many of you for every year's investment. And the idea I see on the internet, you see some of the kids. It's like 19 or 22. You're going to teach you the secrets of some bullshit or you got to figure it out. Yeah, you figured it out. Those universities, you're called the graduate. Which we didn't figure it out. But this dummy has area out. So when I see that, I always laugh about that. Like in real life, you know, I made ten millions of dollars there. I made over ten million dollars. Here, how big ten's of millions of dollars over there. Pretty soon, I started turning in dirty nice trunk of money. So actually did those things real life. Some other people pretend they did. And then I help a few people. We do in a free train in on December 2nd. Or it's free. Well, you know, like these were, I hate the word for free. We can say the word free. Yeah. But let me, I'd rather say there's no charm. Enough of saw. Just free is no darts. Yeah. Free is for food. So if no charge is complimentary. Yeah. Compliment with our compliments. Right. So they got to ready. You've ready to click the link in the bio register. We're going to do a free train. And we'll just talk about the synchamms as well. There's a well. There's a course. I'm very proud of us. The introductory start, or a course. This is for people that are very serious and dedicated. If you're interested in just learning some introductory things, you might be thinking, Hey, I tried poverty. And I don't know if I want to do a stasis area to be truly successful. But let me get a little taste of that success and have some more ran in and some more awards and cash flow and whatnot in my life. So if you'd like to make some more money, be a bigger winner in life. You can want to know about the 10 commandments well. But is an introductory thing to help you get started. And from introductory to intermediate level, help you make some serious decisions. So start getting some serious money in your coffers that you might be interested in something like this. We're going to do that again. It brand us it on December 2nd Monday, December 2nd. Yes, Cyber Monday. Cyber Monday, December 2nd. What did you say? 7 p.m. and 7 p.m. and ESA. It's 4 p.m. and we're all saying to this, how long time it is in London. I got a lot of things in London. If you're very figured out, you know, all that is going in the London. All the good stuff had it isn't a point. Just to change in their clock to come here. Over here I got this little big ass media array that things like 70 pounds. It's a real media array that's meaning a real spate or a rock from space. That's what's up. It was about 70 pounds. And now we got some fighter gloves in here. So, ESA signed by, this is from Valentina, Chef Shanko. She gave these to me, signed them. There's other ones here from Claudia. Claudia, go they how gate to these. I'm signed by the Holy South of Claudia. He says, shoot to, choose to conquer. Choose to conquer right now there. Here's a from Cody Garbrand. This is the fates before his championship. These are from Cody Garbrand. He was in the UFC champion as well. This is from Michelle Waterson and a thoughtful little note that she signed. She said she broke her hand in this glove. She's a bunch of the girl in the head. She broke her hand while she was wearing that. Her mother has the other glove. So, mother has one in the heavy. My brother, I'm mixing. He makes lots of who some Chris Dale back to 90's. Oh, me. To the 86 who had some celebrations. Well, yeah, I'm over here with God. We got this big ass, recently bearer. That's VT. So, we work out well for him. But we used to got a good home and it was after life here. Ping and out with a vital work to MP and successful business. We've come visit my buddy too. Even at the fours now. He's isn't a hero. He's a vush on. While I'm out of control, he's doing a very low-contact route. He's a good server. God, he's not. This should light up. All the shit lights. You know what I said? You should do it this? You should don't light up. You just light them behind you. Everything lights up. The walls light up. Yeah. I never even thought about. I work all the year walls like that. I like the amethysts with my walls like that. I like the amethysts. But the counter trash we do is this worksite. Uh. Ah, the auto macheezers. The lower and the auto or some of my most important coaches. I'm a fantastic group of co-workers. But these are general men that gave my striking and belts under. And I would not work on some them in a nayspray. In the next few years. Good. A good foundation there with mid level skillset. You can work that up to black out level. Like my grappling is. And can be a very well rounded fighter in the future. So we had a lot of work to do with being hard. Every day we're here for days week training training training. They're travel. Get the money. Make things happen. Come back here or film. Take care of business. Take care of my real estate investments. Take care of my other business and divers here. You are training. And that's what it is man. Every day is the heavy things. And do things the other matter. Two week or two dumb to accomplish. More winning was success. Is it? No, we don't know about money. Because he built combat. It's called the money. It's called the money. It's really trained. If you train him in the neighborhood out here. Yeah, we world class coaches. World champion, cover champion. That's the world coach. It's best to do a fight. You know. Yeah, man. So I needed to put those rooms around. So to interrupt this. Some more soul in here. And I turned here this. And this is a valuable statue. About 400 feet or so. A little more 400 feet of mats here. That broken ribs. Except for a lot of pots. You own bit. Oh, yes, right. You don't have your image in Boston and your backs and gear. I know. Oh, wow. Wow. Take it easy, my buddy. You might work. Hello. Oh, the blue manated stone. You know, all lights up. Yeah, you need a lot of buildings to stone. So this is not the same gym we worked out like just a, no, this is the combat set. Yeah. The weight room is a different place. I'm soaking top here. I put a shower head above it so you could have like a re-enfall when you're in your shoulder and toe that makes it. And then there's ice machine over there so we can use that as cold bath. It's not just as the money is not just about the money is just about they respect the he show as a martial artist. So I'm very, very grateful to be here. Thank you, buddy. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. There's somebody out here. If you're serious to learn something about business, you don't want to have to fumble the round by yourself. If you're a little bit, you've got to okay ran and then butt-rattage work as a, I'd be happy to help you with it. If you're willing to work hard, if you're brainworse a little bit, you've got to okay ran and then butt-rattage work as a, I'd be happy to help you with it. If you got an okay ran and then butt-rattage work as success is not for everything. It may or may not be for you. What's your series by the CBN successful? You want to learn a little more about entrepreneurship about it best getting a real estate, and stock market, or other global markets. We think there should be some things that I'll make what we do with a free training on December, Seke at 7 p.m. Eastern Standard Time. It's going to be me, money bird, and we're going to break down the tank and man that's of real-elges and tank man who's well, tank man who's so well. You don't want to miss that on this. So if you got bigger goals, so there's something that you know that you wish you had a little more for who should get financial freedom in your future. That's a goal for you or something you're serious about. Like when I'm a little older, I don't want to worry about how I'm going to pay my bills. I don't want to worry about how I can't afford that car. I'm going to have the cheaper car, the poor people got because you can't have the car you want. You can have two ballerass gyms if you want to. Whatever else you want in your life, whatever it is for you. If you want to have whatever you want, if you want to have freedom, that's what money he is, money equals freedom. So let me help you get more freedom in your life. I should click that link and join us to December 2nd Monday, December 2nd. And we want to teach you a little bit about how to get more freedom in your life. How to do things the best way to have serious results, great consistently over time. There's no get rich quick. You ever see anybody have a great outcome, very quickly. They don't get rich quick. You need a poor quick. But stay in uninformed and not going to help you get rich. Join us on December 2nd, 17am East<|en|> time, quirky and Pacific time. We're going to help you learn more about how to establish yourself, how to build your financial future. You can't have some real freedom involved in it. If life you want to live and start doing some normal people stuff that you feel like you have to do. Hey, I think your kids will like you too.