It's time. It's time. It's time. What are players? Welcome to another day in a life video. This is one that's going to be interesting. A lot of cool shit going on. You're going to come to the gym with me, going to a fresh and fit podcast. And a bunch of other cool shit do out the day. Let's get it. Winner, Jim right now, this is Jim, it's called boxer. It's one of my favorite gyms in Miami, one of the most popular ones. Cool with the owners and stuff. The thing is they don't have AC in the gym, so you can only come in the morning before just two mother fucking high. And I like to come early before only fans, host, strippers and hookers come. Because they work out here too. And I like to work out before they are because I don't need to get the distraction. I don't need that distraction. I'm going to man a god. Hi, I'm Melissa. And Brandon, how do we know each other is the question? She was one of the fresh and fit girls. She's a fresh and fit girl. Is that the stuff people know you write a fresh and fit girl? I didn't even know anything about the fresh and fit podcast until I got there. And there was a bunch of only fan girls. I am not one of those. No, that's not just my goose. No, that's all not trainer, fit in this trainer in this. She does the thing. I'm working on my glutes today. I'm working on your glue. You should do. I got beautiful black lids. Since I'm working the glue, can we just do some Bulgarian slits last later? Maybe. Yeah, what do you do for your legs? What are you doing this for? This is for my glutes. I usually do with the barbell, but I have time to add the... Why do you use this as opposed to the machine? I don't like using that. I feel it in my glutes. Okay. This is one of the best glutes exercises there is. I think it's superior to squats. Absolutely. I think so too. But if the guitar is in the glutes, because when you do a squats, you get so much of the other, like, both of your chains. More of them to the back and more quads. I feel it more in my quads. I like it. This is targeted. This is booty target. booty target. booty target. Hell man, so I'm at the middle of the army. Cory, I feel I'm just one of my most successful student. You know the vibe? Cory. Well, Lou, he's been blowing up on the internet. You know, Brad, that man. blowing up and you make four just $1,000 last year, but you're all not fit in the business. Yeah? Come on, man. We're all ready there. So far this year, so we're going to exceed it. You're like, and the year. Come on, you're the record year. You're the record year. All right. We're the record's keeping you sick of yourself. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. Yo, this is my fucking. He used to be living in Detroit. Yeah. Chained training like I'm assuming gangbangers, girlfriend, you know, his hip strippers, rappers, rappers. Yeah, shit. But like, cigarette burns on their body. That's who you've trained it. They say, I need to go a lot. Right. And then he dies on lots and lots of online training, making $4,500 a year. And he moved to Miami, flew up on it, and then he was a super proud team man, for sure. I said, if we're that old. Come on, this is your work. It's up. We got a niche. We got a niche. It's how you for niche. We come for that niche. We come to collect. Get it all on my own. When I brought it back. Work out. We're saying, I'm a bodywork. I keep you big as hell. And you know the vibe. I know what we did down. No, what it is. You really not be part. Yeah. I don't mean love. I don't think I'm lying. I do. We will keep that. Do you not do not go to feed in or like say you've creed them at any point? No creed is. I said you had your creed, you had your creed, you had dicked. No. You had added. I don't need that many part. You had added. You had junkies. I run a lot. Okay. That makes sense. Think everybody I find a diet that work best for them. I never get mad at people. They eat cars or I don't say cars are bad. People try to get mad at me for being a kid or like they yell at me. I'm just like, oh, he however you want to brother everybody's different. So people's diet. If they eat a peanut, you know? Like everybody's different. You're gonna be that? Yeah. I'll put some grown man way down. So they don't make fun of me. Look like I'm actually strong. I heard my mother chat and chat. I can't feel that what's good is what's good is split. My bad frees is friend. It's longer for a few stuff. I fight down than these frees. Exes, I live a good phone for it. It's something show. It's extra. You want to value me. All make a big money turn to the kid. Show. So be this is something I never had. So you know what? You know I do intermittent fast. I got some clients that asked me about keto. And I'm like, yes, cool. You can do it. But like, how long can you maintain it? I never had. I never had. How much sold do you have a day? Like how many milligrams a soldie? I don't know. I don't count it. I just had this drink. I just had more sold whenever I feel like I need. Sometimes I get, I can tell when I need more salt. I do know. I made suffer a little lightheaded. Yeah. Like I can tell when it's coming on. Yeah. That's the main reason people say they don't feel good when they're on keto because they don't get enough salt. You feel fine. Exactly. Oh, that's the same man. What's the main? Andre, that's me and your brother. Oh, very nice. Oh, thank you, Green. I'm going to do my drop-set. It's my favorite thing to do for arms. Pick away. We can only do about six. We're good for him. Yeah. And then you immediately drop it to a three plates. Right. All right. And then lower it again. And then you just drop it three times. And then you immediately espaces possible. Move it back up. All right. I never done it like that. And then you go into the... So you're fluent. Oh, oh. Go ahead. Then you do drop-set with triceps. It's a super drop-set. I ain't never done it. You ain't never done it. Okay. Sit that set huh. I'm fit this. Okay. Thought it was up and out. Thought it was up and out. Who running the game now. So don't you gas, get slow down. No. But we're all in the down. If we know we're running in the middle. Well listen, all you gotta do is you put your hands on the ground. That's step one. You do this. Okay. Good. Then you just kick it for eggs up. Right. And just hold it here. That's it. And then... That's it. And then you go down with it up. Down up. Down up. That's it. This is it. It's so... Oh man. I'm so glad you're explaining it. You're crazy. It makes so much sense now. Now, you know why did I pick up with that less than the air? And you go with it down. And then you go with it down. And then you go with it down. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. What? Do you like... Wait your food every single day? Every single day? Yeah. What do you think I'm a bit? Damn. That's it. That's it. It's regular shit over here. What do you do? Yeah. What do you just put in? You're an email. You don't care? So you just look at it and you just say... My my run keeping my thoughts when I didn't have it. Sleeping on the floor. Wishing there was a mattress. Now I'm a Hollywood actress and actress. Everybody pulls you ladies' trays and fests. We deal with fairies. If you want, you got called me 61. Oh, no. No, no. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. No, my friend. Perfect. Guys, first time here? No big. Eggs over easy. Over medium. Eggs. Eight over. Eight. Yeah, eight eggs. Okay. And um... Eight pieces of bacon. That's it. How? Yeah. That's how talking about these eggs for a gannys. Of course. Oh. So, all right. So I'm over here eating for Cory. You know what I'm saying? I get... I'm over here. I say, it's a bacon. You know what I mean? Like a man. But Cory, eating more like... This is some of my... So you love it. Some of my son-in-law order. But I'm like, well, I'm so you guys are out of eat waffles and not get big and say it. It's nice too. I'm sorry. I've never seen anyone with her food out of restaurant. Oh, really? We do it on time. So, at six ounces, go some bacon on that bit. Go some bacon on that bit. I weigh all my food every day. How is this so lean? As I say, Rick, man, I'm 42, man. Oh, school. You can't... you can't accidentally look like this. This is the 5.2 ounces of bacon. Then you open up my fitness pal right there, Ben. Cooked bacon per ounce. You hit the 5.2 on that bitch. Then you hit. Okay. That would be good money. Yeah. Cory. How much are you... Now, from your own, I think this business, how much do you think you're gonna make this eat? So, right now, with October, we're at a low over 400k. For a year. So, we're on a pace that definitely do 500. It's not more, you know, just... Man, it's hard in there. Because you can do like 6k, 6k to a month. So, per month, I ever somewhere between 45 to 50. Okay. A high month is like 55. So, I really gotta have to go really hard to get to that again. But we're definitely gonna hit at least for our hug. All right, cool, man. And... like, you've been to one of my students for how long? So, I joined ACT Summer 2019. Yeah, what was your life like before? How much money were you reading before you joined? Ages. Man, I was lucky to make like 3k in a month. You know? Now, all in person, you weren't doing nothing so long. In person, training, you know, hustling, man. In person, training. I had four jobs. I don't think I told you this on our fall. I was in person training. I worked part time at a fitness studio. I drove car parks. Right? Back and forth. I died for one of my friends' companies. It is. Exactly. Shout out to... Yeah, it's good, man. It's good. You know? And then I started ACT and that became my fourth thing. All line coaches, right? Four things at the time. And I was really at that point where I knew I wanted to do one thing and do it well. So I can get to freedom. How long did it take you to start making it a money? We were able to quit where you quit those other jobs. So I'm going to be honest with you, man. So I joined ACT that summer. And I was, I was bullshit. All right? I spent a few months like making a little bit of money. But I didn't really put all my focus and energy into it until COVID hit in 2020. So it took about six months of me like really just failing and then getting forced. So actually, for all my time and energy into all my coaching because of the gym's clothes. And then at that point, you know, I have my first five K-month and then 7K. Let's say, first five K, it is a K that's a K and I haven't made under that sense. So, I'm going to be after I made that first K. Listen, what would you say to somebody who was thinking about joining this... You know, do you like money? Yeah, do you like money? Do you like having time? Do you like having freedom? Do you enjoy being somebody who can contribute more to the people around you from a financial perspective? From a ways of perspective, from a handshake perspective. Like my life's totally different now. Obviously, I moved away from Detroit. I don't know here. You guys moved out of Detroit. Thank goodness, man. My mother, my Detroit. So I used to live in Miami right? And I'm able to do more things, not only for myself, but for my family. You know, I'm going to call my mom a car, call myself a new car, and I'll pay some of my mom's bills. Next, we're going to get her down here, but I got to get that first new. That first new, I got to get that new, get her down here. We didn't make sure that happens, they got to do it. Awesome, it's a must. This is y'all want to learn more about online training. Got a free ebook called The Tank Commandments of Online Training. It'll really give you the game how to get this started. And uh, see if this is something that's right for you with. It's not something that's right for me, but take out the ebook and see if it's something you want to be apart. Alright, alright, so I have to come back and change. Because I'm doing this podcast with the homie, Mr. Organic. Yeah, so we got to have a head to his podcast studio, should be cool. See what's the soon talking up. You know, it's a good. If I was starting a podcast, I would get me on it all the time, because I'm like everyone's best guest. That's why I'm always on my podcast. So I don't have a card. I just got my driver's license a few months ago. Uh, I'm gonna get a card soon, but I just got used to taking eubers because I hope it's in New York. That would take eubers all the time. Because it was one, I don't, I can do other stuff on the Uber. So I've worked. I've taken sales calls. I've closed deals in the Uber. Rather, people are looking for a parking. You're doing all the other shit, man. I'm not here again. You're not here again. I'm not here. Right, but I'm gonna get a card this year. Fresh ones me to buy his colony. So maybe he'd be cool to buy from the homie. Um, some wrong with it. I could just be this ass. You know. So fellow superhero fight. Financial guru just a mastermind. Physically mentally monetarily he's one of the ones. I know you're seeing him everywhere. You know, it goes by King Keto aka Brandon Carter. I'm doing fantastic, man. Thank you for having me. I'm working man. I appreciate you. I'm doing fantastic. I'm doing fantastic. I'm doing fantastic. I'm doing fantastic. I'm doing fantastic. I'm doing fantastic. I'm doing fantastic. I'm doing fantastic. I'm doing fantastic. Um, a attractive right, but you know, When I talk to her, mixed, you talk about all these problems, She got her life is chaotic. Right. And that's indicative of like what's going on. You know, you know, we're living the results. Everything we're experiencing now is the results of decisions. all of our past actions, right? So when somebody comes to you and they're life is chaotic, that's the result of a lot of mistakes. And you know, you bring it, you know, like, just as one chick, I was a mess of weight, right? And when I was in New York, and she lived in, she lived in the Bronx, Red Flag, right? He was a rich, she was bad, right? But she, the Dominican, yeah, you know, I were a little bit of a call me up. They call me, you know, I'm saying poppy, nay girl, pop that, yeah, yeah, scared me, another woman that Dominican man. Yeah, I was in Kelo, Kamey, and that, you know? And so, yeah, she was, it's, but her, her fucking life was just fucking chaos, right? And she had all these problems. She would have like panic attacks. And then one day I remember, man, I was just thinking about something, I started tripping, and I had a panic attack. First on the mind, like, you know what's happening to me? Like, oh shit. I was going to transfer to the planet. Yeah, yeah, no, but that's what. Real, think about when you're, when you're home, you get some new car. Yeah, it was our scene in new car everywhere. Right? Well, what happens when your home gets some new problems? You get problems too. Yeah, I'm saying, like you weren't an X man. You didn't attract that shit. What happened is it was their the whole time, right? What happens is, this is part of your brain called the particular activations system. It decides what you'll notice, right? Because there's so many stimulus going on. So many visual, all the, all the, all the bowl, and, you know, stimulus going on, we can't focus on everything, right? So, when something, that part of your brain is located, basically, it brain system. It activates on things that are brought to your attention. Then you'll see more of them. That's why you seem to car all the time. Right. But if this chick is bringing all these problems, all these issues, all this drama and you're like, if you're going to see more drama in your life too, right? You get them saying, it's like, all that is always happening. It's always like, you're a regular social media. It's a drama. It happens to be like, that's a great example. Right. If you, if you go online and you watch and you like and comment on a bunch of political issues, you go see all political issues. Correct. You know, it's your brain is like, it's just like that. I think those guys did study that. Yeah. If you look at it for a certain amount of time, all that stuff, start paying repetitive, the negative stuff, positive cause you can't be a negative, you're like negative. Well, this is a much online. That's your, that's my time. I look totally different. I saw my time, I'm going to be all, all watches, all like fans of you. And when you want to see how a person thinks and live, we're all looking to ask their Instagram and ask, look at their, explore. Yeah. No, they got in the drill, I'm saying. I'm feeling like we've got a good pump of pop. I know, pop the guy on the beach. You know, you know, you're married, man. But yeah, I mean, I've been trying that to go during the, during peak hours. I'll be peak hours. Just did the podcast with the homie, Mr. Organic, you know, this is you come to do, man. You know, legendary big superheroes in here, man. My pleasure. My pleasure for some. All right, so after working all day, I'm about to go on fresh and fit. First I'm going to meet up with my boy Jeremy and his crib. We're going to meet over there and then we're going to drive over there. He's got to do Rose Royce. Let's check it out. Oh, by the way, this is the fit today. Check out the fit. Come on, man. Got the soon on RM 29. Want to be in a vlog? What up? You went in now. It's too late. You went in the vlog. She sailed diamonds. More diamonds out. Pulling diamonds out the berk in. Yeah, they are all in my thin. I'm not all. Yeah, this is the Elimbo. Those with your bracelet that you're running at last. What's the thing is she had too many diamonds already? Because she can't have as many as me. We got to have a hierarchy up in this no fucking room. Hey, John. Got his man. She, he's feeling he's filming a vlog too. So we double, we double vlog in on these no fucking vlog. Be stop. First he had to stop. Walkmen of the market. Yo. So how does work? You can just pick shit up. And then just leave. Apparently he's going to tremendous amount of shoplifting because that's what some people think. Oh, but now you got a body. See what they can see. Dude, yo, you walk. But then when he's got to read it up right there. Okay. And then it goes to your unit. You know? We're dead now. So I'm leaning and not wishing well. We're still well. We live this journey. It's the war. The battle. Ryan has styled this little bedded. Heaver. He had what Jeremy's on now. He's filming his video. So we double vlogging, vloggy stuff. But Jeremy's fucking right apart. They really was streaked like I don't get a little buff. Check him out. Jeremy and Bannock Carter. Yo, what up, man. I'm gonna have you to be out. Because last week, it's gonna be like that. Yeah, back to back. It is. It is. It is. It is. It's time because I had not known that you hadn't been here on like over a year. I was like, what the hell is that? I thought that I was banned. Because I said it was okay for women to have jobs. And I thought that job being me for that man. I was like, my fault. I was going to put a hold of work. I thought, but you know, but I'm glad that wasn't the case. No, man. I have to go back. And you brought the cavalry with you. Big dog. Yeah, yeah. Jeremy, what's up, man? Welcome back to the show. We had you on before. It's good to have you back. Almost two years now. Maybe you're in a half. I got no idea, man. It's good to be back though. Thanks for having me back real quick. We mentioned early before the show. Making money every month. Yeah. Online is the way to go. You said 10K and a mill. Let's start with 10K. Okay. So my focus is I hope people get the 10K much, especially with folks on their own life fitness business. That's the only, that's the only kind of business I work at. That I till advertised work. I've helped a lot of different people in a lot of different industries get to 10K, a lot of them up to a million dollars a year. Or I think my number one student she did. She broke the record last year. She was usually made 2 million last year. You know, but with fitness business. So I would say very, very first thing you got to do to get the 10K is you got to really carve out your niche. You can understand. Yeah. Because if you initially, you have to apply all the spoons guys. He's telling you whether you have fitness business or not. Yeah. For sure. You know, all disciplines. It's, you know, if you don't carve out your niche, who is actually want to help? Like your target market and what problem, what specific problem you want to soften them, then you're just a business coach or a business guy or whatever business you have for, I use the fitness example because that makes more sense for me. You know, these people, they want to make money as trainers, but they're just fitness guys or fitness girls. How you stand out amongst them, I'll fuck this, right? But what I tell them to do is focus on the who, the what in the house and the who. Be like who exactly do you want to help? Right. Really, really narrow down. In fitness, we can narrow down a little better, right? Because remember when you were in my program, you said you want to they'll young men, pause. You focus on young men. Right. And young men, you want to help and get ripped. Right. Why do young men want to get ripped to get? The get chicks, right? Make perfect sense. You know, so he only focused on them, right? He wasn't worried about nothing else. And a lot of trainers, trainers, they struggle with that because if you've been working in a gym, you just take whoever did gym, give you a training, anybody. And that's cool. You know how to train everyone, but you can't market everyone. You got to really appeal. And I think you got to do great job, but it's like if you just had a podcast, it wouldn't have penetrated the market, right? But because, okay, you're only going to, you narrow down a this podcast is for men, right? For men who want to get girls who want to come up, you know, you figure out what problem you want to solve for a specific kind of man. Because it's probably not 50 year old motherfuckers. I'm probably going to owe this motherfucker watching this shit. I'm 42. Right? So it's like younger guys, you're demo, right? Yeah, 18 to 40. All right. Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But that's get demo and you know what they want. You have to start a problem. Now for how you were able to penetrate the market. So you really got to figure out who you want to target. And then is that then the next part is what problem do you want to solve for them? And the fitness context is like, okay, do you want to focus on helping young guys get rid, you want to help them get rid, right? That's what you were doing when you were in the program. Yeah, yeah, so you were the evidence based lens. Right. Who studies a show like the just study? Yeah, I remember that. Yeah. So you didn't give a, you weren't trying to help people become pro bodybuilders. No. You weren't trying to help with old be some motherfuckers. You weren't trying to help with motherfuckers. You want to be pro athletes. It was like you just wanted to get rid. Yep. Right. So you can just ignore everyone else. Right. And then you had a specific how. Right. So it's the who, the what? You saw them in that problem form. Then the how. Your how was evidence-based. You were super deep on the studies. Yeah. Now you can stand out amongst all the other trainers. But this less, this less competition. He, he focuses on men, Paul's helping them get ripped with evidence based science. She went deep on the why, too. It was like to get girls. Yeah. They get girls, right? Some guys want to get ripped for fucking hell. Cool. But you got a market set. I'm different. You said guys who want to get ripped before girls. Yeah. So that was a whole different. Now you stand out because you can, you can, you were, you can post pictures of girls, you can post pictures with you. You can talk about in your copy that you write about how you get the hose. I'm sorry. Bitches. Because of. Because you're ripped, right? And the guy who wants that guy who has that problem, that need. When he hears you talk about it, it's like, oh, this is exactly what I went. But if he hears another thing, it's guy who'll be right when you long Japanese shit. You'll maybe talk about the same shit. But because you didn't sell it to them. Right? The other guy didn't sell it to them the way he wanted. But somebody else who wanted that way. Yeah. So you can, you got a really, is really dig deep into the message in with your niche, your target market. I don't want to talk. I'm pressed to kill him. I'm really, you was soft. Oh, you know what's capital homey? You don't know the law. Pedal to the metal you ain't catching me. And got down with fresh and fit with the homie Jeremy. Super dope. You know what? My favorite thing is about going on fresh and fit. You just seen out far, and brother's king. If everyone went up first and met my rent in like 2019, he was still working for the government. He had a regular job. He said he wanted to start his own office business. He had to get clearance from the government and then we see guy clearance. He started doing it. And he had no follow in at the time. He had a lot of experience training people. He just knew that it would work out. And I don't even need to be certified at the time. Right? But what happened was, you know, you had a patch for fitness. He always loved it. He was in Twitter. He started his own life in this business. Then he started making his money, wreaking, quit. Workin' for the government. And he wanted to quit anyway. He had so much money. So much freeing him now. He can actually do it. His passion was to start that podcast and he met a fresh, put all the money up for the shit. And now look at him. And they got one of the biggest platforms in the world right now. I'm just controversial because I wanted to be his platform in the world. But it's all because he started his own life in his business. Before he started the podcast, he was making 20 years. But between 24K and month, I would be like, well, it would really small, follow me. Really small. He just got a regular guy. He learned our tactics and they learned how to do it and got a pop and then he got the freedom, the really follows passion. I got a free ebook that showed you how to start your own life in this business. So it, it, it, it, it puts you on a right path. It's not all the game, but it puts you on a right path. You can learn more about it, how it really works. And you might read inside his life. But you might read it, you're like, okay, this is, this sounds like a Bible or a book. I'm like a Bible, I'm watching for me. But it's free. Links in description. I'm about to go to sleep. Because it's still that he ate up early tomorrow. Alright. I'm just trying to claim me, I guess I think I'm Sony, these big heads, dummy showing up and either they carry things home, you need a price because without it, the squatting, here we get top of that wing and the fan we get, this swinging foot of fences with the sting of a left foot that connects with Sony, listening. I'm dismissing any and all of the disrespect nonetheless. And I need to write, I'm just letting y'all know who's not going to want to talk. Thank you.