Yo, goodnight, goodnight. Welcome to another day in the live video. This was a little different. Now, what you're accustomed to, because it's starting in Chicago. I'm in Chicago now. I was kicking in with the homie. There had money barred, but we're working on a secret project. And I'm on the way to the plain station right now to Miami, but there it had his driver driving the airport early, first thing in the morning in the May back, we're just calling to stay. Let's stay with us. We'll massage, we'll charge my phone. I get all this leg room. It's amazing. Good way to start today in the live video. Let's get it. I'm really on the move on the map. Never slip, keep your hands to your lips. Don't talk about it. Real eyes, real eyes, real eyes, Real eyes, all the time standing on it. Now, my... All right, so me and Shorty are about to go to my boy Eric's boat. We're doing a little boat party. It should be cool. It should be fine. We're going through the networking. So I'll be talking about some business in half, a little fun. I'll suffice it for the calling me cocky. You're boogin' little bit, son. You said, boogin', boogin', boogin'. Don't get to cry until home stand out. We'll be in the news soon. We're down on your fan. We're the intro fan. We're just so mad. We're just tankin'. But when you get to play now, it's you and I, we're doing a great sport. It's cool. It feels like it came faster than it should have. I was buddy here shooting out a pace when that's a full of drop in buckets. I'm a buddy, babe. Yeah, like it's nothing. I can not be. I'm a buddy, babe. I'm a buddy, babe. I'm a buddy, babe. It's falling down under doggy's finally overcoming cause I'm cause I'm dropping buckets. Yeah, like it's nothing. I can't run the day. I'm out of spec and burn the budget. Yeah, it's falling down under doggy's finally overcoming, baby. I'm about to go meet up with my homie, Jeremy, and just the wall that we about to have dinner. When we first see you now, babe, we're on a level up, right up in the nebula, I'm never copping the chain cause I see ya all through the frames. I leave the unlimited page to see it and I can't be like, that's why I didn't get fucked by resellers this time. I actually like Sean article this said, they came out with this. So I went online. I bought it on the day that actually dropped it. And here we are in November, not getting fucked or fished by resellers anymore. Come on, look at the Christmas tree. I didn't build that myself by the way. I paid people to do that. You had like, you're on trees out here. People fucking build and they own trees. You know, I'm out of fat. You hold this. I got other place. I got the same lady coming to build another tree. And another tree, draw on trees. Come on man. Roboy shit. Beauty old trees. Yeah, man. Put an ornament in your pocket. You ain't a kid no more. You ain't a kid. Yeah, that's a fucking ramping your hips dude. Like your baby was your dad. See it, don't you do an animal? You probably bought a pumpkin badge. Do you want? I got the season tickets over here. Yeah, tickets for the night's game. Oh, I can get tickets? Yeah, yep. You know that, bring the girl. I got to see if you get to. You know, I'm weighted man, let's go. Your night is booked. That's what's up. I'm saying. We don't wish upon the stars. We sit on the stars. Well. Uh, we got her my birthday, right back to our wh而且. There's ma'am, I was going home right there. We stay high, gentlemen. I'm going to the booth. Are you something? Yeah. Oyster's look like giant boogers. Yeah. Something real, something going. The accident will know I'm sure. You're not need to show you the door, but what's that? Yeah, sure. Yeah, that's a run to Jévo, I'm all lying lying, nothing in the car. I'm buying Jévo for my dude, but I'm eating. Tire, Brendan. You get down, magic, food, this. I'm coming. We're going to buy Brendan and grill. Then, me and Jeremy are going to invite ourselves over to your house. Yeah. That's a cookout. No. This guy never fucking grilled before. Do it in the comments. Have you never grilled? Like we got a no, you know? I was just, I've only lived in apartments. They had y'all ever secretly grilled? Yeah. I never had a balcony. Where do you believe we are? We're inside. There's just be clear on one thing. Hey, none of us broke through shopping to get the gyo. No, no, no. No, no. But you know what I don't have? We don't, yeah. I don't have a whole fucking rug. Touch the, touch the, you get the rug. Man, you got to stir up. Yeah, so much those are. It's still like a real bear. Five G's, real five G's, for the lamb, for the lamb, it's almost disrespectful way, shoes in the car. But I still do, you know, it's all the way. Damn, bro. They got the whole car, oh, pop up with the best. I'm a fucing, I lamb. Oh, you're, oh, you're fucing car floor. Check it out, it's nice. Doesn't matter. We got the braille. You have used animals at the highest level. Send it to the dinner table. And they put this shit down. I screwed it. It looks like watermelon. And my redneck ass. I'm like, oh, they figured out a new recipe for watermelon. Kind of like the dead brussel sprouts, right? Oh, my cool, they figured it out. Let me try this watermelon. Straight, straight radish. Is the kimchi radish? Oh, super spicy. A bit of that shit. Not watermelon. Yeah. And he tried to, he tried to not say anything. Yeah, I know. Bro. Like, who was that shit? Let it even know. So that's all the later. I'm like, man, I've tried that shit. I thought this watermelon was not, but the watermelon was great ratch. It's just a shit. The eight five you just have. They make a version of that. That only eats olives. It's. And they get it drunk every day. So they give it alcohol and olives. And they suspended in the air. And they just massage it all day. Well, they eat olives and alcohol. It's not going to get you. They can be a certificate. Like, olive colors should typically get. That's like, congratulations, sir. Like, you're like, blessed with this specific cut of beef. Like, here's the whole backstory on it. And it fucking hits so hard. It's like, I've been done to start. Like, you're talking about what you've handled. I mean, your cows eating the grass. It's actually animals out there dedicated to only insert food. So they taste a particular way when you get them. You heard of a barricade pork? No, please. Proceed. Okay. I should be civic peninsula in Zer animal hatred. I should be civic. I should be civic peninsula in Spain, where the only eat acorns. Their whole life. No messages or anything. Okay. But they're isolated to do a specific peninsula. Get the Rome free, but only eat these large, like, peach, shaped, and size acorns. Okay. You're peeing, slap, and it fucking hates. You're rolling around and putting dirt in shit. You know, ars known free on a spain on an un- Un-spin-spin-spin-ninsa-lo. You know, you don't have a sifs as many times as that. Step your game up. Pro-boy certificate. We could have, man, like, I love animals, man. Thanks for joining the vlog. See you in hell. Got out of the video. I love animals, special little hustles. Got a little. Flexed on me, friend. Friend, that's awesome. I saw me as short as we got the gold today. Heat, Yang. Jeremy, boss, he's in tickets. But he don't let her go. Right? This means I got season tickets. And I ain't need to have to pay for him, man. Just have to be a good friend. And now I got season tickets. Yo, listen, please. I'm going to be a good friend. And now I got season tickets. Yo, listen, protect this out. And what she ain't know, like I saw what she was wearing. Yo, take the jacket off so we can show him. Hey, this seems wearing this. Boom. So I, I sense the girl, to be on match. You see, you ain't even know who I was going to do that. Because I'm romantic. Swish my watch. To match the fit I put on the cardier. Right? So it's like I called for this joint. So I said, all right. Cardi A bracelet, the one with the diamond, you know. It's a lot of cool stuff happened. Listen, man, if you're trying to build your own life business, I got a free book called to tank a man who's the one I'm training. It'll show you how to do it. I mean, I'm not going to give you the whole thing, but it'll give you like the break down. You know, answer some questions for you that you may have about how to become all not trainer, right? It'll show you how to start moving into that direction. Even if you don't have a big father, when you need to be identified. Because you don't have to be certified to be all non-trainer. Just because you are certified doesn't mean you're a good trainer. I've worked in some of the best gyms in the nation, and I've seen some of the book is with certifications and degrees who are shitty fucking trainers, bro. You know, need to be certified. You don't have to have a big father when if you follow the strategies that we show you. And you know, I post a resource on my students all the time. But then you might read the book and be like, yeah, this is not for me. Right? Because the note information too is a quick book. And it just is put you on the right pad. It was cool about the book is this interactive. So first, the tank of magnets, right? This tank of magnets to become all my training. And then after I teach the lesson, I show the example one of my students who use that method to make some money. And then you can click in this, like an interview with me and the student, right? So it's like 10 different interviews, 10 different students, 10 different commandments. It's a little cool thing about e-books. Can't do it as well with physical books, right? So it's interactive. So check it out. It's free download it. Because you might be like, no, I don't want to be on my trainer. I don't want to do this. I can go ahead and do work. I don't know. I know this is going to take hard work to start up business, right? So that's cool. You get that information. It was like, oh, man, maybe you can find a get rich quick scheme. You can see how hard I've been working for the last. What? 12 15 years here on the internet. You see how hard I've been working for me to get to where I'm at, right? So if you think it's a good rich quick scheme, Scobble look it back in my shit, you know? It takes hard work. But if you love it, it's okay. You don't mind it. And maybe you will, when you want, but you should check it out. All right, links in the description. I can teach.