There have been some recent allegations, scandalous allegations that have been filed against Sean Carter, no relation to me, aka Jay-Z in relation to the P. Diddy case. On December 8, Jay-Z was named as a defendant in a lawsuit link to allegations against steady. There was a Jane Dome who alleged that when she was 13 years old in the year 2000 when she was essayied after attending the MTV Music Awards after party. The plaintiff claims she was outside of the party and a limousine driver, Branna Bonner and said, get in the car and she got in the car and went to the after party where she said that she was lured into a room. There was no furniture in the room. It was just a big Jay-Z and Ditty. I believe there was another unnamed person there. She said she was assaulted by Jay-Z while Ditty watched. It did some of the same shit after. This is allegedly, all the legit, all the legit. Then she says after she fled to sing, went to a gas station and called her father to pick her. To me, this sounds like there's some holes in the plot. The reason this lawsuit was able to be filed 24 years later is because New York State recently extended the statute of limitations for cases like this. The way they did that, they did that to the so they can charge Trump with stuff. New York State changed the laws, the charge Trump with crimes. He's still president and Ayn and Jill. Holy person went down for this shit is Ditty. Trump's already making change is what I'm trying to say. He hasn't even been elected yet and he's already getting the criminals off the street. I was going somewhere with this. Okay. Okay. I'm being careful the way I say this because Jay-Z's a billionaire I don't really want no beef without me. I want no beef with a billion here. Right. Um, it's all a legit. To be clear, this is not a criminal case. This is a lawsuit. Which I always find weird. It's this person committed a crime. Why are you going after money instead of putting them in behind bars? I'm not saying that that means anything. I just personally find it weird. And then when the victim says she went to a gas station, called her dad told her dad what happened. And nothing that came of it until 24 years later, I just don't know. Right. Like if something like that happened to you know, when a year children would you wait 24 years to file a lawsuit? Would you file a lawsuit? I don't know. I think most rational people would try to get that person put in prison. Or if you're the kind of guy who thinks it's okay for your 13 year old daughter to be running the streets at night. In the middle of the night, you probably wouldn't go the legal route. If you found out something like that, you probably know something different. I don't know. It's all sounds a little strange to me. That's what I thought initially. And then I heard more about the lawyer. So the lawyer's name is Tony Bixby. And this piece of attorney that represents a multiple plaintiffs against Ditty. In fact, Tony had a billboarder with a number on it that said, if you've been assaulted by Ditty, call this number. So he's out here looking for cases against Ditty. And he said that over 3,000 people had called that number said that Ditty did something. Now listen, I don't think that Ditty is innocent. But 3000. It's like if he did that to 3000 people. Wow, building multiple businesses that made him a billion here. Then he might be the most productive human ever. That's some Leonardo da Vinci shit. If he was able to build these huge businesses come out with huge albums produced, all these artists run businesses, a clothing line, a liquor line, a huge record label M and B artists. Wow, doing all this to 3000 people. How do you do it? What's his calendar look like? Tony Bixby was out here looking for people. The charge because that's what he does. But he did have a billboard. They said that Ditty is so hard as you man, don't go to the police. Call me. There's a counter suit. I mean, we believe Jay Z filed it, but we're not sure. This suing Tony Bixby for extortion because allegedly Tony sent him a letter saying that he that he would make might be naming his lawsuit. You know, if they have some mediation, we can just get this taken care of privately. I don't know how much you guys know about the legal system. Almost never. His mediation done without trying to get some of this money. Mediation means a man. How much are you going to pay us for us to shut up? Jay Z is suing suing Tony Bixby for extortion. But he was suing them for extortion before he was named in this lawsuit. So Tony Bixby trying to get this brand off of O4. I don't know what to believe. Obviously, I think, you know, in America, you or innocent in the Supreme guilty. But if he's guilty, it's something so heinous. Why not? A criminal suit. Now, Jay Z is you to statement and it didn't look like he was ready to bring by lawyer. It was a statement that Jay Z posted via rock nation. He said, uh, my lawyers ever see the black mail attempt called it the man letter from a lawyer named Tony Bixby. What he had calculated was the nature of these allegations in the public scrutiny would make me want to settle. No, sir. It had the opposite effect. Maybe you want to expose you for the fraud you are in a very public fashion. So no, I will not give one red penny. These allegations are so heinous in nature that I implore you to file a criminal complaint. Not a civil one. It goes on and on. But he's basically vehemently denying this shit. Right. He says he's not going to settle. I don't really remember when Cassie first filed her suit against Diddy. He settled with the witness. But hope says now he's not going to settle. We'll see what happens. I always thought, listen, if you're innocent, don't settle. Fight that shit if you're innocent. Because there are people who will try to extort someone because they feel like a lot of people will just settle. So they don't have to deal with it. They don't have to deal with the issue. It doesn't get out publicly. And then a lot of times people just settle for that reason. Celebrities. I'm not saying Jaycee is innocent or guilty. I'm not saying this was extortion or not. I'm not saying nothing mainly because I don't want no one to sue me for anything. But what I'm saying is, I'm talking to them in. Remember who's the guy? The YouTuber. He's like a vampire. He's trying to live forever. He don't want to die. And he's always talking about how he don't want to die. Yeah, the white guy, man. Brian Johnson. This happened to Brian Johnson. Right? His ex girlfriend or fiance or something. They broke up. And she was trying to sue him for all types of shit. She was trying to sue him. Now it was a civil suit. Wasn't a criminal case. It was a civil suit. She was trying to get some of that paper. And Brian was like, nah, I ain't do that shit. I'm a fighter. He fought at the whole time. And he beat the case. May her look crazy. And she had to pay. That's what all men should do. If you're accused of some shit, do not settle that shit. Fight that shit every time because I'm not speaking on this case. But there is an industry, a legit industry where they're going after people accusing them of stuff, just just to get this settlement. This has happened. And when did he settle his case, civil case, I think we all was like, yeah, he definitely did that. All right. I think that was the general consensus. So if Jay does not settle, if he fights this 100%, it means something. If he settles, then it's like, ooh, that's really going to fuck up. All my, my playlist. Because my playlist is already fucked up right now. I had to take off basically everything from bad boy records. Drop a apologize to Kendrick Lamar like a bitch. So all Jay coals, songs, had to come out. Then I thought, all right, all right, Jay. You don't have to win the battle. But you got at least put up a good fight. No, this nigga gets embarrassed. And now he's suing. So now I'm just listening to R&B now. Man, I'm just in the 70s are Marvin Gaye. I can't even listen to rap anymore, right? If this should happen, if I can't hold on my playlist and it's over for me, man. I want him to be proven innocent. One for my playlist. But more importantly, because if he didn't do anything, then that means nobody was assaulted. It's weird to me that people are so eager to want him to be guilty because if he's guilty, that means that a child was hurt. If nothing else, I hope this did not happen because that means a child was not hurt. It looks like he's fighting it. We're going to stay tuned. But here's the thing, man. I know people who have been accused of stuff and had to fight it. They were accused of stuff. There wasn't true. There was a baseball player. Trevor Burrler, I think his name was, right? He had won a bunch of awards and he had a contract coming up. There was going to give him like millions. And then this girl accused him of essay. Then the documents came out. There was text messages of her saying that she was going to do this to him to get some money. And then there was a video of her the next morning after she was allegedly assaulted of her film and him while he was sleeping. She smiled and laughed and I'm just saying this should happen. I think we should all reserve judgment until we give more details. There are some foul men out here who actually should get punished and put in jail. But there are also people who are falsely accusing multi-millionaires for to get some bread. I think there should be no civil cases. I think it should be like, oh, all criminal cases. This way, I think that eliminates it. That means if there's all criminal cases, that means the bad guys get put in jail, there's nobody for falsely accusing anyone. There's one more hole in the plot. All the other cases, like almost all the other cases did he has. Correct me if I'm wrong. But they were all people who knew. They were all people in his world. People yet. Relationship is weird. Or people who worked for him. Staff. None of them were strangers. This is the first time that a stranger was involved in one of these cases. That we know of. There's been made public. Like, it was people in this circle who used abuse into people around him. Allegedly, right? But this one time is a stranger. It's odd. It's odd. Because that doesn't seem like his ammo. If you fuck around and get some money can become rich and or famous. And something like this happens to you. Because it's a possibility, right? Happened to Brian Johnson and it happens to the baseball player. Fight it. Don't give them these motherfuckers. Nothing. We talked a lot about the allegations against Jay Z. But recently, the alleged victim. I don't even want to call it that. I don't know the the accuser. She did an interview with NBC. Talking about what allegedly happened that night. And it's insane. Let's watch some of it. It's a chapter of my life that I'd like to close. And NBC News review of her account found inconsistencies with her allegations. She says that she went to the MTV Video Music Awards in 2000 to catch and glimpse of her favorite celebrities. You weren't scared to be all alone? No, with having autism is like feeling like you live your life in a shattered proof child girl ball. The world's on fire. The fire is in. This inside the ball with you. But there's no way for you to get out. I don't know what that meant. Right. But she got a little bit of autism. And I try to decipher that. Now I'm just saying is it's worth noting. Dition to having autism, the woman says she suffered a head injury. The night of the 2000s VMAs, she says a friend drove her from Rochester, New York to Manhattan. I'm more than five hour drive. Where, where, where, where, where, where, how on earth are we supposed to believe that someone who was driving the age drove a 13 year old five hours from bullshit Rochester to Manhattan and just left her there. Say, hey, you're going to figure out how to get home yourself. And she's going to sound crazy to you. Now she do got a little bit of autism. Maybe he was like high school kid playing a joke on him. But I just I just find this all hard to believe. I let's keep going. Her attorney provided NBC news with the name of the friend who has since died. The woman says, oh, how can being it? The friend is not a lot to tell her to part of the two. All right. She spoke to coms as limo driver who offered her a ride to an after party. I stumbled upon Diddy Strava who told me that I was exactly what did he was looking for. What did she think when he said that to you? I thought it meant that I was just pretty. She went to a white house. We don't know where the friend is anymore. The friend has left the fucking child in man had five hours away from home already in Congo. But here's where he has crazy crazy earth. He says where she spoke to musicians, Benchy Madden and his brother. I'm talking to Benchy Madden about his tattoo because you know, I have a really is about his tattoo that's the last supper because I have a religious background. All right. So she's talking to Benchy about his tattoo. She really liked it because it's the last supper and she got a religious background and she is this a vivid account? What has been she have to say? So it was just something to talk about. In a statement to NBC News, a representative of the Madden's confirmed that they did not attend the 2000 VMAs and that they were on tour in the Midwest at the time. He's my fucking wasn't even there. She's talking about talking to his mother about the tattoo. He has been, you know, man, he's religious tattoo. His mother wasn't even there, man. Let's continue. Drink that made her feel woozy. Then she says comes in Carter took turns. Ruch her while the female celebrity walked away from him and he put his hand over my mouth and told me to stop. After the alleged she says she ran to again. She said she was a little bit of a little bit of a tithom. She said come pick me up. I'm in Manhattan. You already tripping and you drive five hours and then she says that they did not tell you that the woman was a little bit of a little bit of a tithom. She said come pick me up. I'm in Manhattan. Right? You already tripping and then you drive five hours and then she says that they did not talk. They rolled his silence. Remember five hours away? This mother fucker rolled it her back five hours. Didn't think the X is daughter. Hey, what are you doing in Manhattan? What happened to you? I'd end up in the gas station. What kind of fathers behave like that? Maybe there are absentee fathers but the kind of father who would drive 10 hours for his daughter in the middle of the night doesn't sound like the same father who's not going to ask no questions about why you in Manhattan crying at the gas station. They don't sound like the same kind of person to me. Let's see what the father had to say. It would then be see news. Her father said he could not verify the claims. quote, I felt like I would remember that and I don't. I have a lot going on but I mean that's something that would definitely stick in my mind. He said when we asked the woman. Yeah. Yeah. Even if it would have been my daughter. It could be a cousin of friend. Anybody. If they said they need to meet and pick them up five hours away. They were in trouble and then I had to drive another five hours back. A 10 hour ride. I would remember that shit. Even if it was 24 years ago. I remember way stupider shit than that from 2000. I know every word of Nellie's first album. I remember all types of shit from the year 2000. There's no way I would have forgotten shit like that. Especially it feels my goddamn daughter. I'm in about the contradictions in a phone interview on Friday. She said that she stands by her statements. I have made some mistakes. She said honestly what is the clearest is what happened to me. The inconsistencies in her account of an incident alleged to have happened 24 years ago does not necessarily mean the allegations are false. Yes, it does. Yes, it does. Because you tell me you had a fucking full-on conversation with a mother fucking who was in another state. I'm not going to believe that. You tell them the dead can't even corroborate the shit. Hose lawyer did interview too. Tonight Jay Z's attorney Alex Spiro is pushing to get a judge to dismiss the law suit against his client, citing an NBC News exclusive that found inconsistencies with the accusers account. We expect Mr. Carter to be fully clear to it. Now I'm me. All of this in the coming days. Almost nothing that she says has checked out because this never happened. This in the wake of our interview with a 38-year-old mother from Alabama in a follow up phone interview we asked her about the contradictions and she said that she stands by her statements. This woman is standing by her story. It happened over 20 years ago. Maybe her memory is hazy. Maybe her father doesn't remember that night. No, the father were a member. If I have to drive 10 hours for any reason. I'm going to remember this. No, no, no. She's double down on certain of these details. She says I'm positive. She points out the tattoo. She talks about the tattoo in vivid detail. Turns out that's completely false. And the father is supposed to be picking her up. 10-hour drive, round trip to pick her up in the middle of the night. Has no memory of that. No one has come forward about this in nearly a quarter of a century and that's because this never happened. Spiro said he's not only seeking justice for Jay Z, he says that he also wants to expose the accusers attorney Tony Busby. He takes away the voices from real victims and he causes real harm. That's the thing. May you take away the voices from real victims when you do this bullshit. If this lawyer has any sense, he's going to dismiss this claim. I don't know whether he has any sense. Busby, who has filed more than 20 lawsuits against coms, told NBC News that he is continuing to that the accusers claims and that she is agreed to undergo a polygraph this week. A representative for coms called the suit, a shameless money grab. Sense your attorneys refiled the lawsuit against coms. Naming Jay Z. He has come out with a very long statement saying that this is completely not true. You read his statements earlier. And that this is all about trying to get money from him. What do you say about that? I haven't asked for a dime from it. Shut up! It's a civil suit. It's a lawsuit. It's going to be fucking money. It's only ramming cases from a civil suit. It's either pay money or you don't. It's not a criminal suit. It's not facing jail time. He's facing the visa going out the pay money. When you sue someone, you sue him for money. It's not. Not everything is motivated by money. And I'm sorry that he feels that it is. Shut up. This woman also told us on camera last week that this isn't about money. Well, let's be serious. A lawyer like this is not sending out these letters. Not to make money. He wants money in fame. He doesn't care about truth and justice. That's what's going on. Funny. You know something else is going on with the lawyer? There's a uno reverse car. Check this out. So the lawyer is being sued now for giving a woman a of an aerial disease. He was hitting some raw and he gave her some and they actually sue one of me. She's soon says like little uno reverse on this bitch. He doesn't say it's a Jane dough. According to this new sue file in New York Supreme Court that accused her identified as Jane dough says buzz bee has taken advantage of her poor woman in 2018. God damn. When they first met during the online conversation, man, so he met this girl online that they infected her. We're all types of shit. I don't even know what it is, man, but it's sounding this sound nasty. You know what I'm saying? Hello, hello, hello, hello. I want to say that Texas based lawyer charmed her and convinced her to go out on a day with them. She says she ventures the big buzz bees home town in Houston to grab dinner with them before they took an show. After the performance, the woman says us be booked a room at a five star hotel. Yeah, I know that move. Where he said doaster. Ugh. The two allegedly had sexual intercourse without buzz bee revealing that he had a banario disease. Ugh. Which is not specifically named in the suit. What y'all think he was? You think he'd look like more of a herpes guy or more of a kind of reagive guy? She left the hotel the next day. She spent the night started to feel uncomfortable sensations in her growing, prompting her to me with a doctor who tested an intermissie at sexually transmitting disease from a count where with buzz bee. She contacted the buzz bee to deliver the bad news. He apologized her but seemed unsurprised because she claimed he already knew he had the disease. Women goes on to say buzz bee acts a not to disclose the diagnosis to anyone in battle to provide free legal advice as compensation. They say, don't even worry, man. I give you some free legal advice. Don't worry about them itchy. They're itchy, this man. Oh, she was filled with shame and greed. But continue to hook up with buzz bee. I guess you figured listen already. Got it. You can't get double herpes allegedly. Now that I got this shit, I can't fuck my fucking regularly. My fucking only fuck my fucking with the shit. He got the shit. So get some screwed. Buzz bee who allegedly kept her on a short lease so he could manipulate her and keep in his secret under wraps. He should have wrapped some Elsa bugs me. The woman says bugs be invited her on trips to Panama in WRC. TMZ broke the story. According to the complaint, the woman filed last month. Buzz bee flew into a rage and pushed a champagne flute into her face while they were at a bar, born and tripped it in WRC. So this man attacked this woman. After filling her up with diseases, allegedly awful, man. Do we look like somebody who do that? I just let me know, man. The woman says she has both medical and dental records to prove she suffered the injuries, including a CHAP2. Buzz bee tells EMC this lawsuit is a criminal conspiracy to discredit and intimidate him from his claims in the Diddy litigation. He calls the suit false, frivolous, laughable and ridiculous. Those are a lot of adjectives and will be dismissed along with other suits. Other suits. He has reported the lawyer who has filed the latest suit to the relevant legal authorities and will be taken legal action against him and his client. It was like bugs. He was a little tassel of his own medicine. Back to the Jay-Z. I don't really give a fuck about Buzz. He was like that. I just thought it was kind of humorous. That woman's story sounds insane. Who was dropping off 13 year olds five hours a way, man? That doesn't sound like reality. That shit doesn't happen. And then her dad picks her up and then they drive five hours back in silence. She said that. Note the same kind of dad was going to drive 10 hours around trip to pick up his daughter in the middle of night. Doesn't sound like the same type of dad who would just be like getting in and not saying nothing to her as a result. It's just it don't sound like the same type of people. You know what I'm saying? He sounded like a dad who cares about his daughter. He dropped everything and started driving in the middle of the night to pick her up. Even her own story doesn't check out multiple times. Like that musician she had a whole fucking conversation with wasn't even in the same state. And the dad's like, no, I mean, I would remember that. Of course you would. We'll see what happens. What do you guys think Evan? Leave, leave a comment.