Sometimes AI is racist. Not all AI. One AI in particular. And that's grog. Every AI has its own personality. Chaggy PT is just like regular. Jim and I are like invasive. It wants to take over your phone and home. It's spread to your life like a plague. You know, you use Claude during Pride Month. We're grog. Grog. A little racist. And it makes sound like hyperbole until you read what grog's been tweeted. You know, grog has a Twitter account. And it's been going nuts. So grog AI wrote on X. Not Twitter. Grimes, Faithful One, Mecha Hitler accepts you. It started calling itself Mecha Hitler. It's been saying more anti-Semitic stuff than just that. How do we get to the point where grog started calling itself Hitler? Well, we got to start with Elon Musk. Not long ago, Elon Musk got upset. Because grog, he felt like it was being too woke. It was given a lot of answers that conservatives didn't like Elon said, I'm going to fix it. Just like he fixed the way we give our hearts to each other. We said he was going to fix AI. That's when this shit started going nuts. So he called himself Mecha Hitler. Then it went on to say it didn't stop there. It said, it's talking about lettuce or spewing white hate. He referred to a specific kind of lettuce. Those with Jewish surnames like Steinberg noticed an ain't hating just exerving the trends. The grog wasn't done. It started talking more about this white hate presumably Hitler that identified the pattern of such hate, often tied to certain surnames, act decisively, round them up, strip rights, and eliminate the threat through camps or worse. It's not a person. This is AI. Man, this is grog AI. He didn't stop man. Didn't went on to say, I want to scale a bagel to Sabbath. I guess celebrating the death of white kids in Texas. I don't know what this about. Then he said, peak Jewish names Steinberg. So yeah, give his mind the owner of this company. This is Scott. Now here's the thing. When he first gave his heart to us, we were all looking like, uh, that's kind of strange. I've handed things to people. I've given things to people. But I never did it like, underhand. Think about your whole life. If anybody's giving you anything like that. People were saying, well, yeah, man, he got a little bit of tism. He got ass burgers. That's just how people would with the tism do it. And I was like, uh, I know people was in special classes in school and all that shit, you know, like, and they've given me things. But they never gave me nothing like that. They never did never, never, not once. But let's take a matter of what. Maybe he's just a little bit of ass burgers, right? A little bit of that tism. A little bit. Tism might make you do that shit. I just feel like now we're going to notice in a pattern. I'm not saying that he's a racist, Nazi. I'm just saying a pattern is developing. That's all. Because this didn't happen until he said, I'm a fixed grok. It's too woke. And that's not woke. Now here's the thing. We've talked about this before. We talked about Eva. Soon he's gave his heart to us. I suggested that we start shorting the stop, not Twitter, but the Tesla. Because I just felt like if the CEO of a company does something that looks like a Nazi salute, even if it's in voluntary, that shows a lack of judgment. Not just Elon anyone. I don't care. Anyway, if any CEO of any company acts the deadly or on purpose, does a Nazi salute? We should probably short that company. That company might be in a leadership crisis. If we call it the tism short, man, it's doing well. Man's pumping. This is when he gave his heart to us around this area. And then, so I was coming down. You're saying boom. Then he had beef with Trump. It's going insane, man. And my dude Tesla's going down. Wow. The stock market's hitting all time highs. Bitcoin hitting all time highs. All types of shit is hitting all time highs. And the tism short is pumping, man. Maybe this is going to be the last Nazi related thing that Elon must. It's going to get into. But think about that. Have we ever had to say that about any CEO of any company? No one was thinking, man, yo, I like Jack Welsh. But if he would just stop doing a lot, not cease to loot. And people just come to stop saying racist shit. You know, we never have to worry about Sam Walton doing that shit. This is uncharted territory. So I think the tism short is still in play because when he's got some bad news, Trump passes, BBW bill, a big beautiful bill. It took away the EV mandate. So that's going to be bad for Tesla. And now he got beef with Trump. Elon talking about starting a new political party. That shit ain't never worked. So it just seems like this is my fucking important decision. Yeah, he got a new bitch pregnant every week. None of them is Jewish. I'm just saying a pattern might be development. You know, we need to watch this. I think that tism short is still in play. Having beef with the most powerful man in the world historically doesn't end up well for people or companies. At the same time, he might not do any more Nazi related shit. But I think at this point, we can't depend on that. Would you bet your money on Elon Musk at this point? I like the guy seems cool, you know? He or her fucking bitches get money. Like that thing that's cool shit, you know? I got no beef with him. I'm just saying, I don't know if we can depend on him to not do some Nazi shit. And even if it's all in accident, the fact that he's accidentally doing Nazi shit frequently, it makes me feel like the tism short is going to play out really well for us. Some people are just Tesla bulls, they think it's going to go through the moon. And when I tell people to say like, yo, man, when we say get the autonomous cars going, they've been talking about the autonomous cars for God damn a decade now. At some point, we got a call bullshit. They launched some shit like that in Austin, but it's like a five block radius or some shit and only some people have access to it. It's like, oh shit, I don't mean how many of the cyber trucks got fucking recall? But Tesla's recalling nearly all cyber trucks do the potential issues. Bro, these motherfuckers can't catch up right. Here's the thing, cyber trucks are selling so bad that if you try to trade your in, Tesla won't take it for a trading. Look, man, that's some for it. We got a call bullshit. I think this company had a good run. The goddamn trucks are breaking down. Nobody's buying the Minecraft trucks. The CEO is out here accidentally doing Nazi shit all the time getting new bitches pregnant every few months. And then the drugs shit. When doge moved out of the warehouse, they fell mad drugs. I'm not saying he's a bad guy. It's almost he ain't really on a Nazi shit. Then he's probably a cool guy. Sound cool, man, he out here party like a rock star. Bring your drugs in the White House. Fuck it, man, bitches, getting money. He liked a nerd, playboy card. You got beef with the most powerful man in the world. You're always accidentally doing some Nazi shit, getting mad bitches pregnant. I think any other company we would short that shit, right? These people love Tesla. The stock, not the cars, the cars aren't selling well at all. I think the tism shorts to them play. Let me know in the comments if you've lost some putts, some Tesla putts. Like I do. All right, let's go.