So we got at the time of this recording around three months left in 2024. And I want to show you in this video how you can actually sprint to the finish line and finish this year strong. See a lot of people start to give up on your goals around this time of year. The gym started to empty out. My foot was like, oh, good, so good and shade next year. Next year is my year. Next year is your new Ming Ming. That's suckership. You need to finish the year strong. If you had not accomplished the goals that you set at the beginning of this year by now watch this video and you'll make more progress in the next three months. Then you have the whole nine months before this. This is where you can finish the year strong. And then go into the next year with some goddamn momentum instead of trying to start from ground zero at the beginning of the year like a punk. That's why you failed last time. Dummy. Let's get some momentum first. Get a head start. Get a head start start running. It's kind of like when you see people running the relay race and track. I used to run the relay and you got to start running first. Before you get the baton. New year is like the but the your 2024 self hand in the baton to your 20 25 self. You got a grab that shit at full speed and then keep going. You can't fucking be at a dead stop. Brad this shit and start running. You're going to lose that race. That's why you lost last year. That's not going to happen again. Let's get it. The first thing you need to understand to accomplish your goals and make progress within the next three months is you're going to need motivation. You need way more motivation than you have now. And there's two reasons why people lose motivation. One is they wasted what I mean. So I have a whole video on this but the in order to have motivation. You have to have a lot of dopamine. People think a dopamine is just the pleasure hormone. But dopamine is really involved in seeking pleasure or seeking achievement or seeking something. So you guys are wasting your dopamine on empty victories. For example, it looks like this. So you have a reserve of dopamine in your brain. Let's just say this is your dopamine reserve. And remember you need dopamine to have motivation. Someone with tons of dopamine running through their veins is highly motivated. So who lags dopamine is not motivated. So how do I get motivation? You wasting your dopamine. Now people say you get a dopamine spike when you engage in certain activities. And we'll talk about some of the things despite dopamine. But the truth is it's not a dopamine. I'm just kind of a dopamine. It's like what happens is you your body rushes more dopamine to the surface. And then it spills out right. You use your dopamine on other shit. So this can be video games drugs, casual sex, vices, dumb shit. Surfing the internet and what happens is after that dopamine spills out. There is less of it. And now it's okay in moderation. I guess because over time your dopamine reserves will replenish. But what happens is, like you guys don't give yourself time for your dopamine to replenish. So you play the video games every day. You smoke that OG Kush every day. You surf the internet all the time. You go out to the club party, chase the holes all the time. And you drink alcohol all the time. All these things will spike your dopamine. And what happens is your dopamine reserves will not have enough time to replenish on those circumstances. And when that happens, you start to lose motivation. So the first thing you need to do is cut out vices. I'm not actually doing for it ever. I'm saying, hey, let's do it for the next 90 days. Cut out vices. What is going to happen is you're going to have a backlog of dopamine. It's going to allow your dopamine reserves to replenish themselves. And then you're going to have way more motivation. You're going to be way less lazy because you're not wasting your dopamine on empty victories. It's very important. This is why it's important to cut out vices. One vices wasted time. Spins time chasing holes, getting drunk, getting high, party and all this other shit. And what happens is you spend time you couldn't have been deploying against your goals. You spend it on the vices. And then you spend the recovery time for the vices. You go out on a rager all night. You drink and get high chasing bitches all night. Next day you're not going to have as much energy. You're going to be off the next day. But also you're not going to have enough dopamine to accomplish your goals. Especially the born shit. If you go to the strip club tonight, start throwing racks around, getting drunk, getting high, getting lab dances. Maybe doing all types of shit that people do a strip clubs. You're really going to do accounting the next day on your business. You're really going to be working on some fucking boring. The boring part of your business. No, because the contrast is going to be too great. You just did something super exciting. And now you're doing it to some super boring. You're going to be less motivated to do that just for a more contrast. But also because you're depleting it. Dopamine. But if you don't waste the dopamine on empty victories, you'll have more motivation. The next thing you need for motivation is you need to understand. But Freud called the pleasure pain principle. So Freud said that humans are always moving towards pleasure or away from pain. Proceed pleasure or perceived pain. So right now, you're chasing vices because you associate pleasure with your vices. And you associate pain with, you know, eating right, studying and working hard. You associate pain with to see your running from it. As normal. What we have to do is to change your associations with pain and pleasure. And only way I know how to do that is something I call the list of hate in the list of great make a list. I say just people do it in their phones. Apple notes or something. Fucking pinnets note to your top. Are you a apple note? I'm sure that Android has something similar. Fucking nerds. Nerd notes. I'm just fucking with you. I got iPhone and Android. I don't live with life's scarcity. I'm rich. Anyway, you, there's some sort of no application. You pinnets it at top when you phone. You will look at everything. So what you want to do is make a list of hate. Make a list of all the people who have a cross to you. All the people said you couldn't do it. All the people said that you would fail. Chicks who cheated on you. My fuck is who hated on you. That black guy who fucked your girlfriend. I'm sorry. I don't know who you are. You're probably watching. No, I hate the play. I hate the game. Yeah. Yeah. Make a list of all these motherfuckers, right? And then look at it every day. And this way you know when you're not working on your goals. When you're doing something that's not moving in the direction of accomplishing your ambitions the haters are winning. Yeah, the haters are winning. Every time you, you're not focused. Every time you, you eat that shit. She's not supposed to eat. The haters are happy. Every time you don't do the shit on your to-do list, the haters are happy. Every time you fail, the haters are happy. That bitch who dumped you, a year from now she's going to look at your shit. And she's going to laugh. Like, I showed it, dodge a bullet. Glad I fucked that black guy instead of staying with that loser. Look at him. See, I'll end his mama's house. That's the one you don't want. And remember, if somebody hates on you and or says you can't accomplish your goal and you don't accomplish it, they weren't hated. They were correct. They just made a fair assessment of your capabilities. These motherfuckers were right. You either proven them right or you're proven them wrong. So remember that, then you want to make a list of great. Imagine a version of yourself who's already accomplished all your goals, all your big goals, all your aspirations. What's time is that person wake up? What time is that person go to bed? Does that person get fucking drunk all night? Is he outshakes a hose all night? Maybe, I don't know. You tell me, is he even fucking candies and cakes like a child? Or is he tracking his macros? Is he working on his business? Is he fucking party in? Is he watching reality TV show or playing video games all day? What is he really doing? How does he behave? Make a list and look at that list everything. And imagine yourself as that person. And here's what happens. Every time you act in accordance to what's on your list, you're going to get a reward. You're going to start feeling better about yourself. You're going to start being in proudies. So a lot of you guys lack confidence because you're not fucking proud of yourself. You haven't given yourself a reason to be confident in yourself. But once you start acting in accordance with what's on your list of great. When you start acting like the guy, you need to be to accomplish your goals and you start believing you start being proud of yourself. You'll start to like yourself more. You'll have more confidence. When the motherfucker talks shit about me, it sounds fucking ridiculous to me. I just laugh because I know how I behave every day. I know how fucking hard I go. I know what kind of work I've put in for myself, my customers, my family, my employees. I know what kind of sacrifices I make. Love what can talk shit about me. I just kind of laugh to myself because it sounds ridiculous. I don't even have to say nothing. I don't say nothing. Most of the time, I don't think it's something funny in which I will. But that's just for entertainment purposes. I don't really give a shit because I know I'm that nigga. But it's not because I'm better than him. I know that I'm acting in the coordinates of what's on my list of great. You've got to give yourself a reason to be confident in yourself. This will give you that. What happens is once you look at both these lists every day, you will change your association with paid in pleasure. Now you're going to associate paying with vices, with video games with all that bullshit. You're going to associate pleasure with accomplishing your goals, working hard with actually grinding. The beauty of it is it won't take discipline. I used to think discipline was super important. And it is, right? It is. It's definitely a tool, but you can't rely on discipline. You can't rely on discipline. Once you start exposing yourself to this list, I hate this a great everyday. You change your association with paying in pleasure. And then you know what? You'll need discipline to stop working. I need discipline to go to sleep every day because I want to stay at McKee working. I need discipline to go on vacation. I was on vacation. When my girlfriend or birthday, it's a discipline for me to do that shit. It takes discipline for me to not work because I change my association with paying in pleasure. So instead of fighting this shit all the time with discipline, or in fact, no, no, no, no, I enjoy it. When people say I need them, you need to enjoy life. You got to live a little. That's because they don't enjoy what they do. But once you change your association with paying in pleasure, then what happens is you'll start to enjoy life when you're working hard. You start to enjoy life by pushing yourself. See what you're made of. The people who were telling you you need to chill. You need to enjoy life. You got to take it easy. You work too hard. What they want to stand is that you enjoy life more than them. Because they are associated with enjoying life with vices, party and drunk vacations. But you can't do that shit every day. At least it should. You can push yourself every day. You can work on your goals every day. You can work to capacity every day. And if you learn to enjoy it, the only way I know how to do that is changing association and paying in pleasure with Lista Hayden, that's the great. Once you make that transition, you'll be enjoying life. Way more than them. That's what they don't understand. So that's going to give you the motivation. Then you need belief. And there's a few things that come from getting the belief. You have to believe you can do it. And the way you get belief, I look at it like this. First thing you want to do to increase your belief is you have to first you need exposure. You need to be around it. So, one of the first things I did when I was trying to come up is I moved to New York. I moved to this area called a Forest Hills and Queens. And even though it was in Queens, it was like a rich area. I think Donald Trump went to school there and shit because he grew up a million there. And there was like, I had this small department there. Super small. The reason I could afford it is because it was right next to the train. I could hear that the long-out of the railroad go by seemed like every few minutes of a few times an hour. And if the TV was on, you would have to pause it because you couldn't hear it past the train. And I would hear it all the time all night or whatever. That's why I was cheap but across those train tracks, big mansions. And I would like ride my bike through those mansions. I would take the scenic route through those mansions to go to the gym, New York's Forest Club on all street in Forest Hills. And people who live in those mansions would be there. I got exposure to it and it started to be more real when I started to feel it. It's difficult to believe you can accomplish this go if you're in the hood. And the next part of that is proximity. So at some kind of way you need to get around people who are doing it. I don't care if it's joining a mass of my joining a group of people getting immense or anything that's show you it is real. I remember when I was first trying to build my own fitness business, I became friends with a dude named Elliott Holtz. It became like a mentor like a big brother to me. And I saw that he was a millionaire from all my fitness and I was like fuck, he's doing it. And I believed it. He was a tan colored black guy like me. From the, he was from New York and he was a millionaire and he did it. And I was like, oh shit. This is real, this can really happen. And he gave me a lot of game, gave me a lot of tips on how to build it. So he, he shortened my learning curve as well. The next thing you need after you increase your belief is you have to raise your standards because you don't get what you want. You get what you have to have. You won't rise to your ambitions. You're going to fall to your standards. We need to raise our standards, right? So it has to become a must. It can't be like, oh, I'm trying to do this. Now, we're not tri-babies. We're either going to do it or not. And the best way is to do that is honestly, is to increase the pain, make it a must. Now, later in this video, I'm going to some more tactical stuff. This is higher. But so the best way to do that, we already talked about it. List of hate. And then listen, negative visualization. I know people talk about positive visualization. But what if you did some negative visualization? What if you really thought about how bad it would be if you didn't accomplish his goals? Just the worst it can happen. It's serious about this. If you don't accomplish it. Something I think about is, you know, once my son is older, right now he thinks I'm the man. He thinks I'm the coolest motherfucker a lot. But he's a kid. He said, he don't really know shit. You know what I'm saying? Now, he's still right. But I'm just saying his based off limited knowledge. But what if he's older, right? Well, I still be as influential. What I'd be as influential as the rappers or the celebrities. I want to be the most influential person in his life. And I know if I'm not, then he may be negatively influenced by these motherfucking, whoever the celebrity is or vloggers or fucking streamers, motherfucking out here acting like Jack Hasses or whatever. I need to be so motherfucking dope that when he sees me, he's like, now, now my dad said, this is a fuck with little someone so say, my dad said, this is the way to do it. And he's the motherfucking man. That's just one way to do it. But you want to make it a must. Because you don't get what you want. You get what you have to have. So we need to increase the pain. Because if you're just, I'm trying to do this. You would try baby, man. And you're not going to get it. You don't get what you want. You get what you have to have. The last thing you need to do is actually plan your goals. When I say plan them, I mean, plan in every step with deadlines for each step. So in the description to something we have something called the Victory Ambition Planner. This is just example data. So each column, what you want to do is put each goal here. And then you put out each step to each goal. And then in each step, you put a deadline to each step. That's important part. A deadline to each step in the goal. Then you have then, and once you put a deadline to each step, it might be a big goal. So you know, plan out to an end of the year, plan out to an end of the year, make it 90 days, 90 day increments. And what you can do with you can click this tab and show you, here's what you got to do this month. Here's the things on the dock at this month. And you'll see all the tasks you have to do and what goal they're assigned to. And then what you want to do is you want to estimate how long is going to take you to do these things each step. And then put that when you're going to do it in your calendar. Right. Put when you're going to do it in your calendar. And then you in the month or you can do it by this week. So I'll go to this week. And let's say this one right here. Cash, little fruit for questions. Well, once you started boom, you're moving it in progress. And then you see that you see that this one, let's say it's not started. And the date, we didn't start. So we got to pick a new do date for this. I made this like a week ago. So we changed the do date no problem. This is way, if you don't hit the goal, you can change it. Boom, design unique. Dumbo, let's say this is in progress. Let's say set up, play listen or not. It's kind of understand. This is done. And then boom, now we can see what we're at. With a part and we can see what we're at for the week. And this is what you can you can stay on track. And then you can hit the progress bar and see where all your tasks were you're at. So there's different graphs here. Now these are mostly like for the one time test. That's what the ambition plan is for. The other part is the success tracker. So in this, the success tracker, you can do the daily habits that you need to do each day. So you can track, all right, how many hours you worked on your goal, how much income you may then you know, I have some health markers in it because you got to have a fitness go boom, so man, so it's always put the workout. Did you work out in that boom? And then it gives you the checklist. You know, do you have your cars, proteins, effects? And this is dynamic. You put your calories burned. If you're tracking how many calories you burn each day. And you should be with it like ordering a womb or Apple watch. You put that in here and then you put how many calories you consume. Obviously you should be tracking your macros. You're not tracking your site. And they'll tell you if you're in a clore of deficit or surplus for instance. So this change is based off what you put in. So you put in your calories fat. You say he had let me change the fat to 70. You see all of these change. The calories you consumed and the deficit. It adds up. You got to put in the macros. The calories you show up here. And then you put in how many burn and show you deficit. And then you put your weight in here. And you can add more substance to this tracker. But you don't want to do it. You don't want to fuck up. You don't want to edit the weight. And you don't want to change the income because this chart is to go with this. So with this one, this is actually real data for one of my one of one clients. This part is real data. The other one was dummy data. But this is real data. So we show how much money he was making each day. Boom. He was moving up every day. And this one was moving down. So it's like this in this chart is dynamic. And my change is to like 10,000. You'll see the chart moves. So it's dynamic. You don't want to fuck with that. You just want to put your numbers in. And the chart will be associated with that. You can download this free. And then what happens is if you're tracking your habits each day, you can add more habits if you want. All you got to do if you want to add more habits. You just click this. Add more habits that you want to track. But you see at the bottom we have averages. We have how much they check it. You know, it's really cool. And then you can also change the goals. But this is that now we can actually look at our goals and see how far we are on each one of these. We can see where we're in progress. What's done? What's not? We can look at everything. We can see what we have to do this month. And we're at. We see what we have to do this week. And we're at. And this will we can see our progress. And we can measure it. It's 100% free. Link in the description. But you also got to put the shit in your calendar as well. So here's what you download this. Click the recess tracker. And now go watch my video on time management in your calendar. Go check that out right now.