Casio is not a baller watch, but I really like it. Okay, I would buy Casio. How do I know I would buy Casio? Let me show you. Because that might have more fucking tastios. I might have more G-shocks than anyone you know. I like watches a lot. I started getting into watches maybe five years ago, like right before the pandemic, my boy Derek Moneyberg gave me a Rolex. They just, for that I just wore Apple Watch all the time. I started the right time pieces. I got into watches that I got like deep into it. I've spent a hundred thousand dollars on watches and I probably spend more time thinking about watches than normal for someone. So in this video I'm gonna rank and break down every watch a brand. Some jerk, some dummy. It's thinking of typing right now. Man, I could just look at my phone until the time. Yeah, two things. One, we're not all addicted to our phones, man. A lot of us put our phones away in live life off the internet and we still like the till time under those circumstances. Another thing is like wearing a watch a timepiece. It's to say somebody can face certain things to other people. I've walked into places, talked to people. People would talk about one of my watches with is one of my apes or my RN or even my Rolex. We get in conversation about watches, maybe he's a watch guy and I've legitimately made deals with those people. Like head business deals. Made money from context I made from having a watch. I was on first class, not long ago. So in first class and the guy next to me had a Rolex yacht mess. We started talking about watches. He saw my watch. We started talking about it and we working on doing some money together now. It's something you won't understand. Right? You need to like you legit won't understand it unless you're in that world. And if you're not in that world, maybe you should shut the fuck up. Because this is some shit you don't know about. This is some shit you don't know what you don't know. Right? Before I get into this, I want to also say, hey man, I do not buy watches as investment pieces. I ain't out of your flipping watches. That's how I like some broke boy shit. Right? All the watches I have I keep forever. I'm not out here trying to make money off watches or speculate on them. If you're going to speculate on some of my read you by like leap call options on QQQ. That's a way better speculation than investing in watches because I know a lot of you got hurt doing that. So here's the rank is system. Trash me cool but not for me. Would buy baller and balling out of control and I got a bunch of watch brands here and we're going to go through them. So what's about? All the more pecky it. A.P. I think personally a.P. is my favorite man. Balling out of control. I think it's the best. I'm not saying it's the best. In general, this is my list. If you think otherwise that's cool man. Make your own fucking list and build on YouTube channel with over a million subscribers so you can promote the watches you like. I'm talking about the ones I like. I like A.P. I have two so far. Let me show you. Hey, I want you guys to know A.P. did not sponsor this video. No, it is sponsored video. I'll take the money. 90s brands have paid me. So my first A.P. This is a royal oak offshore. This is the a linking cup edition. What I like about this one, it's super masculine but it's also conga classy and also super tough and it's titanium. So this is light as a feather. So I do the time when I first bought this I probably wore this every day for like a year. I had a roller set at the time and this watch took these were my only two watches. And I wore this all the time. I love it. I still wear it all time. It still might be my favorite one because it's so light. I never see this anywhere. I get a lot of compliments from like watch guys when they catch me with it because the dial is so unique for A.P. because it's that a leaky cup edition and there's only been a thousand of these made. I like all A.P. men. Royal Oaks, offshore's chronograph. Now I have another A.P. all the watch guys are gonna hate me for this. But I have a bust-down. Oh, really? Oh, people want to say they don't put diamonds on your watch. It's meant this and we don't do that. Like people don't put diamonds on it. The jewelers do this and then we buy it. And it's gonna decrease the value. We watch maybe I bought this second hand. Oh, so right. I know it's not classy. I know you watch guys hate this. But you're not supposed to like it. The person who will buy something like this. You probably from the street. You're probably the, you know, for me, I grew up, like I'd allow them a lot of guys with this. I think it looks cool but I grew up in this and a different environment than you. You move fucking suburban nerds. And that's supposed to like, it's actually not for you. It's the same reason in the 90s you didn't wear fubu. It's because it wasn't for you. Like, this is for us. Also, you should only buy this if you like fucking big booty Spanish. How do I know that? Because my, my big booty let thing that girl picked this one out. I was gonna buy some classy. This was my, I love it from our 40th birthday to commemorate the beginning of my midlife crisis. I thought this would be a good start at a hunt. I was on the buy some classy. But my big booty let thing that girlfriend she's like, hi Poppy. Me, who's the tango? Oh, they're all right. All right cool. All right, baby. Clap the ass and then pay for it. It's all right. And I, I love it. I love wearing it. You don't wear this everywhere. You wear this when you go to a to one in crazy restaurants in Miami or the strip club. That's where that's where it is. You know, if you don't like it, get not supposed to like. In fact, all you guys on the internet talking about how you don't like this, this kind of shit, you know, if you're not the fuckers like that, we wouldn't like it. You know what I mean? It's kind of like when y'all started saying bling bling, you know what I mean? We immediately stop. Now y'all don't think what's saying it. If you want us to stop doing this, all you gotta do is you start wearing yo doke. Yes, we will stop immediately. But, so yo nerdy ass would want to hit. Me is this for us, man. You're not supposed to like it. Now somebody in the communist thing you're the same. If you got so much money, why not just get factory diamonds. That's what you all do. Yo, see us doing something. Say is bad. But it's cool when y'all do it. I think Elvis is an example when everybody hated like America was called in Rock and Roll and blues the devil music. But one soon as bucket Elvis in the Beatles started doing it, it's all good. Now I see I work. Stone is doing me work about it. You know what's supposed to like it? Get it. Get it. Get it right on one. I like El, AP's my favorite. Let's move on. We're gonna go to Rolex. I think Rolex is balder. Rolex is dope. This was actually my first luxury watch. It is they just and it was given to me by my one of my best friends Derek Moneyberg. I've working on it with the marketing for a product you just put in and it did over million dollars and you know as a thank you. He bought me this and this is a watch I'll keep it ever. I like Rolex is in general. My next roast is probably gonna be this new yacht master. It's a titanium yacht master. It looks kind of like a regular submariner. But it's one of Rolex's first titanium watches. All my luxury watches are like trophies to me. So I only buy them when I accomplish some some kind of gold or some big achievement. Right. So this was a year we broke some records and business. This was my 40th birthday. Oh, I was supposed to live to be 40. A lot of my friends like real with that and I was able to do that so you got to celebrate that. This was my boy's million dollar launch which is really good. Yeah, I like Rolex a lot. I think I think Rolex is balder. Let's go Cartier. Cartier is balder. I love Cartier. I love Cartier. I love their jewelry. As you can see I got I got a bunch of different Cartier bracelets and I love their watches. Specifically, I love the Santos. I have two. So this one was a 41st birthday gift from one of my business partners, Amber Montréal star. She knew I like these watches that I wear this all the time. Cartier Santos. I'd love this watch. And then my girlfriend bought me this one. This is a new one. This was just released recently. This is Santos with a brow dial. This release recently at watches and wonders a few months ago. This is gonna be a hot take. What I'm about to say. Like these are both entry level watches. The day just and the Santos. The Santos is way better than the day just. If you're thinking about getting the a Rolex in like the $10,000 range, I think the Santos is a better watch. Let me explain. One, I think it looks cooler. I like I love the bracelet and release this and where you can change the bracelet. Cartier invented that. So you can put leather bracelet on this immediately. Right? Or I can put a leather bracelet on this one instead of this rubber one. Just like having more than one watches. Like one of my boys has the Santos. He had this bracelet on. They had a great bezel and a white dial. Seeing them again, it was like, oh, you got another watch. Now he just had a different strap on it. So you can get more out of it. You get a hundred meters water resistance. The nerves will correct me from wrong. I believe Cartier invented the wristwatch. Cartier, the effective cart to scardy Santos is the best wristwatch. If $10,000 is my budget, I don't think a Rolex is better than the Santos. That's a personal thing. Rolex may have a different kind of prestige for people. I love Cartier Santos. I'll probably end up with a lot more before I die. If I die one day, let's go now. Let's move on to T-cell. T-cell. I'll put this in wood butt. How do I know I would buy? So this is the T-cell PRX. This is the Chronic Adversion. These watches cost, oh no, $1,200. They had the quick change system just like the Cartier Santos. These are automatic watches. Chronic Adversion. You can get a version of it as watch. There's not a chronograph for like $300. I love it. In fact, I've gifted this watch to many people. And it looks super cool. They look kind of like the royal oak. It's similar. But it's not so similar that it looks like a fake royal oak. That's what you don't want. Let's move on. Okay, let's go to Casio. Casio is not a baller watch. But I really like it. Okay, I would buy Casio. How do I know all about Casio? Let me show you. Because I might have more of the T-cells. I might have more than anyone and the only ones I really like. There's $2100 series. Right? Sometimes they call it is the Casio. I've actually talked to the brand and they said they don't like what people call them Casio. So I'm going to stop doing that after said I. They have sent me two watches before in the past to review. Obviously, I've given so many of these away. I wear them all the time, especially when I would like my niece, I'm a nephew of my son. Because it's something I don't want to wear. I love to rewatch when I'm with them because don't know about you when it gets killed over a G-shock. You know what I'm saying? I wear one of my lovely watch and I got a kid on someone in front of my niece. She's going to live with that forever, man. So I wear the dress wear something that somebody's not going to do some stupid or wrist there like over. But these are super dope. Honestly, I love these watches. I wear them all the time. Especially if I'm going to do something to really active or something that I'm going to get dirty doing. I wear these at the range. I wear these when I ride at ATVs. Y'all, mama's house. Any places like real filthy or dirty. I'm probably going to have a walk. Or if I'm in the hood, like I took my girl to the South Side of Chicago, we were doing some from one of my cousins and I took this South Side of Chicago. I was like, hey listen, you need your Rolex and your jewelry in this hotel. I know these people. All right. Don't do it. And I was definitely on a cat's yellow, you know. Oh, but there's another cat's yellow light. So check this out. They have a, it's cats' yellow eyes a brain. It doesn't get a lot of love. It's called the edifice. And it's like a step up in class from the G-Shock. And man, I love these watches. So you know, this is competitive with the T-SOUL. Only the difference is this is a quartz movement. And it's not automatic. But I really like these watches, man. If you're looking for one nice watch that you wear everywhere, you don't have to worry about you wear with a suit. Look into the Casio edifice for the disclosure, Casio sent me this one. I fucks with the brand they fuck with me. It's a cool watch. You know, if I, if I wear anything purple, I'll probably get this watch on. Let's go citizen. I think citizen is cool, but not for me. They make some cool watches. There's a few that I really like. I think they have one called the high food or some shit. They have one with integrated bracelet, this similar, the T-SOUL PRX. The T-SOUL SUSA is a nice watch. It's just not for me. PRX. If you're looking for some a watch under a thousand dollars, I don't think there's much to compete this. But I can see how somebody, you can make the case that some citizen watches can be competitive. Somebody made, I can see us in one, make the case. They're doing some cool things. And I think at some point it might get to this category, but right now it's cool. It's just not for me. It's go tag. Again, cool, but not for me. I really like some of the new watches that came out with, especially those glass box, those new carerers that came out with. I like them a lot, but they're kind of small. And they're just not for me, man. I mean, it's weird place of wealth. Yeah, where something either has to be expensive or cheap. I don't know, it's a weird place. Like, a lot of these mid tier brands, like $5,000 watchers, they're just not for me. Here's the thing. If I'm just been $5,000 on a watch, I don't think that those $5,000 watches are better than the T-SOUL PRX. They're not, you know, five times as good as even if they are better. When you buy it, let me rewatch it's not just the watch, your pain for you also paying for the status and all that stuff. You don't get the status from the $5,000 watch. So you might as well just get the fucking T-SOUL PRX or a citizen. Right, citizen is, is here. Right. You know what? I'm a bull citizen here. Out because that, because I would consider it, but I wouldn't consider a tag because it's in that fucking price range where it's like, it's not better than a T-SOUL or the citizen, but it's way more smithed, but you don't get the prestige of Cartier Rolex in art-em-art. So it's like, I can never bring myself the bite, even though I like a lot of the watches. I think a lot of things they're doing are dope. Let's go to Brettling. This may sound like a contradiction to what I just said. I would buy it Brettling. In fact, I've been looking at this chrono-met where a long time they had this titanium chrono-met watch that I really like. And I tried it on at the store and I thought about it. It's only like fucking 10 grand. I would buy it, but it's like, I'm just, I mean, it's a weird place where I got fucking Rolexes. I got APs and I got Richard Mills and I was like, I don't know how much wrist time it would get. So the spin, more than a thousand dollars on a watch that I don't know was going to get a lot of wrist time sounds. I don't know. It's typical for me to justify that purchase. For me, I'm gonna put Bryson here because I definitely can pin considering it. Borgery. I would buy. No, man, I'm gonna more borgery to baller because of it because of the, the pho-misi-o. The octafo-misi-o, maybe Zanero. But they're fucking dope, bro. This sold, I would be like those. Some put here. Alright, Christopher Ward. I would buy it because it still is cheap, but it looks nice. Like, you can get a Christopher Ward for like a grand, that Christopher Ward 12 is a watch I like. I would buy if they make a chronograph version of the 12. I'm the first person to buy that. Right, the 12 was like their competition with the PRX, but it's more expensive and it's not a chronograph. If they make a chronograph, the moon's watch. This is dope. Like if you want to check it out, the moon's watch. This is the Snoopy, the black Snoopy edition, right? I put this shit on a mother fucking Amazon strap. Notice this strap is not from Amazon. It's from, I don't know where it is. But this shit is dope. It's like black, it looks super dope to me, man. Don't stick on the moon's watch, man. If you put a different strap on it, shit is fire. I buy so a y'all listen. On an Instagram, they follow me. We follow each other. The brand follows me and I follow them every post they post. I comment, make a chronograph version of the 12. I think I need all the y'all to go through their Instagram and tell them to make a chronograph version of the 12. Yeah, let's go on mega. I'm gonna put it in baller because I really like the moon watch. I would get one of those. I had it, but I would get one of those, but what I really like. The James Bond, no time to die, see Master. I almost bought that a few times and I almost bought a planet ocean chronograph. There are a lot of this. I probably end up with all three y'all's watch as I said some point. Yeah, let's go U-Blo. I'm talking about U-Blo. A lot of people, they get a lot of hate and watch community. I think they make some good looking watches. They're super expensive. Let me tell you the problem with U-Blo. Let's not put in here. I'm not saying if you buy U-Blo, you're scam artists. But if you are a scam artist, you definitely have or one at U-Blo. 100% of them. But just because you have U-Blo doesn't mean you're scam artists. It's just, you know, I think the big bang is good looking watch. I think they get more criticism and hate deserve. You know what I'm saying? But that's just me. You know what I mean? Who would do I know? Timeix. Poo. But not for me. However, I do have a timeix watch. I just never wear it. But I got one. This cool not for me. They make some good watches. Belly Ross. I would buy under the right circumstances. I think they make some cool watches. They make some cool watches. I'm going to move a little faster through this tutor. I would buy. I would buy a tutor. I thought about buying a few tutors that came out of new Pellagos. The race in addition. There's a Pellagros ethics decronograph that I like a lot. You know what? Here's the thing about tutor. I don't like the tutors that look like cheap Rolexes. The Pellagros ethics decs. They don't look like Rolexes at all. You know, they had the same company's own by Rolex. How would not buy a tutor that looks like a Rolex? And if I was going to buy the black made only one I would consider is the all black. All right. The black pvd one because it does look like anything Rolex made. I just don't like the one that looks like fake Rolexes or cheap Rolex. But tech belief is is definitely. I'm going to put it at ballerautic control for sure. However, I don't see myself buying one. I just like a piece better. My girl though, she wants this purple aquanaut. She saw. You got expensive taste. I mean, I like the aquanaut. The nodalists, everyone loves it. But you know the story is nodalists, right? So AP came out with the royal oak during what was called the quartz crisis. When Sakell came out with these quartz watches and it almost put the fucking watch in the automatic watch industry out of business because they would come that would cheap more accurate watches using quartz technology. And so AP came out with the royal oak. And they started marketing more as luxury items instead of like tools, which were they were before that. The whole watch industry was suffering. They almost went out of business to AP. They hired to do a name Gerald Jinsa design the royal oak. It saved AP and it brought the watch industry back to life. The tech was like, yeah, we need to get in and on this shit, right? So they hired Gerald to design a watch for them and it was called the nodalists. Just that's the thing. I think that the nodalists was the design is APs it. No, we don't want that. I think it's sloppy seconds, personally. And it looks like you mean, I think the AP is just a cooler design. But that's just me, man. I'm a who what the fuck do I know? You know what I'm saying? I like AP more than I like exactly. I think that coming out with cooler shit that Travis Scott AP. Not because the Travis Scott even if it was just knowing that that fucking brown AP is sick. They're doing what was ceramic is sick. John that John Mayer watches it is crazy. I was on a plane with a do-o at the blue ceramic AP. Yes, it was so hard. They're doing cooler shit to me. I WC, Koon Not for Me. You know, I'm a new tyrant. Time to examine it. Right. But watch this in this category. They're good watches. They're just not for me, man. I can't watch this in that $10,000 range. It's just not for me. Most of them. All right. Grant Saco. I would buy. I thought about buying a bunch of different set grand Saco's. I've been in the store all the time. And I just have it be able to pull the trigger. But there's a lot of them that I like. And it was, it was a limited edition watch. I tried to get, but I couldn't get it from the, it was sold out. But I definitely like Grant Saco. Oh, Hamilton. I would buy. Hamilton is great value for money. In fact, not only would I buy Hamilton. I have one. So this is the Hamilton watch. I have, this is my deep work watch. What I mean by that is this is watch I put on when I, when I need to work and interrupt it, you know, how about you to make the watch as for the US military, like doing the world wars. I should. And when I'm doing deep work and I'm working super hard on something, I put on this watch. Because I'm on the war against poverty. I'm going to war against mediocrity, man. And Hamilton is the best way. Yeah. I got, I got to go back to America's roots. So this was the watch that the do use to where you were on that Amazon show Jack Jack Ryan. He was killing terrorists. I think I never watched this shit. But it is just a cool watch man. And I got it off eBay, new, I got it off eBay for like $700. This dope. I like it lots of chronograph. I really fucked with it. Super dope. Blanc, PAN. I would buy y'all. There's actually one that I want. The, on, bath of scan. Oh, which are mil. Oh, man. Which are mil's ball now. Like a troll, brother. You know, I got one. I got the RM29. Elon Musk had this watch. He used to wear this watch. And he said he doesn't wear watch anymore. He's building Tesla right off the so PayPal. He ruined his watch. I like it a lot. I think daddy Yankee used to have that when he was porn gasolina on chicks. Yeah, this watch. I've seen a picture of Kevin Harwood's watch. This is a good watch. It's simple. But it says the right thing to the right person. I love it. It's titanium and it's super light. The watch is I wear them most. It's this AP in this RN. But yeah, I love our love Richard Mill watches. They're expensive. You know, that's part of it, man. This is a watch. You don't wear this watch to tell time. You wear this watch to tell people how valuable your time is. JLC. Cool, but not for me. You know, they have a lot of history and watch. They can shoot with this. Not for me. A weird cycle. A lot of people like it's cool, but it's not for me. In cycles, price range. Nothing is beaten. It's pt so PRX. I think it just crushed everything in that price range. Now the difference between cycle and grand cycle is kind of like the same difference between Rolex and Tudor. So grand cycle is to Rolex with sake. Oh, it's the Tudor. It's really just there. Budget friendly brand Chanel trash. I would never buy a watch from one of these brands. Um, Hermes did do some cool stuff. But I still got to put it in men for right now. For lova, cool, but not for me. Long jeans, cool, but not for me. Not my black man. Paget. Me. Tudor your underdog. Right. This is a small brand out of London. And I would buy. How do you know I would buy? Because I bought them. They're about two of their watches. This one is dope. This one I bought specifically because I had a super-dimages. I have a soup this color and I like the way that suit with with a shirt this color. And I just like this chronograph. This is another like dress that you're watching. And this is their field watch. I like I like the brands the small independent brand out of London. They make cool shit. But also we got Zena. Zena makes some cool shit, man. But it's just not for me. It's only about the five to $10,000 range is like I just can't justify it over a citizen or a cycle. Right? Because the brands in that five to $10,000 range, they're not better enough to justify the price over a T-Solo or a citizen. And they don't give you the same prestige. Something else you can get for that same price. I don't like them way better than the citizen or T-Solo. I definitely don't like them better than a Cartier. And they fall in between it. It's like I just can't justify the purchases. Swatch. I would buy. Especially after saying that everybody's like, why? Because I have a bunch of moons watches. Right? So I had the key to smooths watch. Is you got to put a different band on this shit. So here's the moons watch. I put a gray band of Amazon's tons of them. Just get a different band and they look kind of cool. I think. Also have the collaboration watch they would blockpond because they own this company. So this is the diver. I put just put a different strap on here. They're kind of cool, man. Honestly, the moons watch and the blockpond if you put a different strap on there is fantastic. All right. Let's keep moving. F.P. John cool, but not for me. Okay. I would buy a few. I've seen a few did I like. Oh, bro watch. This is a small brand out of New York. And I would buy it. How do I know I buy it? Because I bought one. I bought this one. It's super cool, man. It's a chronograph. It's an integrated bracelet. It's a cool little watch, man. It's a little small on me. So I'll probably end up giving it away. But I like it. I think it's a cool looking watch. Oh, sin. This is a brand out of Germany. It's a few watches I would buy. You know what folks would mean? They used to make watches for the German military. I don't know if I could do it. It's not so that whenever it might not be for me. You know, I don't want to wear the watch Hitler was wearing it. I'm not saying he was wearing it. But they used to make it for the German military. And I think it was the room where it was. Don't call me or sue me if I'm wrong. Oh, bash run. Yeah, bash run. Bash run is baller. I mean, that's run is balling that like a show. Man, they make some dough watches. I'll probably have a overseas at some point. Invict the trash or it's or it's make some cool watches, but it's not for me. Oh, freight Mueller. Yeah. And first, we can not say, yo, they make some cool watches. Honestly, man, I consider this, right? They're cheap enough. We're I can just keep consider them. Nobody talks about this brand, right? So it's not really known. But yeah, they make a cool watch called the highlight. I like it a lot, man. Oh, ball tick. Okay, ball tick is cool. But now for me. I know them. Fuck the rest of these brands. I don't I'm not familiar here enough with them. This is my list of watch brands. You know what I'm saying? If you're on a budget, man, sake. Oh, look at if you're on a tight tight budget. Look at the moon, the tightest of budgets. Look at Casio, either for the G shocks, but you don't sleep on the edifice. Tell me, man, they don't get a lot of publics. But if you're on a super budget, that if you got a little bit extra money, really check out the T-COP RX. I don't think it's a better watch. I'm a under $1,000. All the watches in the $5,000 price range, I was still picked and P T-COP RS over. I love it. Yeah. So I would buy these. You know, I'm thinking about our Brent Lean. Yeah, Christopher War makes a chronograph. I mean, I might buy one of these one day. But these are my favorite Rolex Cartier. Boll agree. I know that might be weird, but you know, the act of Famici Mo, who like it a lot. I know I might be saying any world, but I really like it. And that's the personal thing. I like Omega, but my favorite is Audemars, Richard Meill, doesn't my favorite. And I put these up here just because, you know, they're reputation proceeds themselves. Hey, you need to learn how to get or money to get these watches. And I have a video to show you exactly how to do that right now. Go check it out.