Boy, what he said she was doing to him? She was like fucking shut up. Somehow I forgot what the problem was. Oh, she makes comments to just, that she's, I'm in touch with her. She was an ex-tool-cheater. What you think about that? What do you think about that? Let's say some chick was like, you know, she was out here acting wild to the sake of you. Do you care about the chicks past? I'm gonna say like this, right? Yeah. Generally no. Because every woman has a past and you'll never know if she has a past. Man, I know the women who used to be prostitutes can have happy marriage right now. I'm not just saying that to say you'll never know. You never know. She gonna tell you. You'll never know. So why doesn't matter? I don't care, man, if the girls get in trans-brand on her high school, man. How you acting when you come fucking with me? What are you doing for me? How do you act towards me? Do you have a solid character? Do you have integrity? Do you do what I like for you to do? Do you see me and hide his dick? Are you coming in really doing something for me? Are you making my life better? When we go out to you, have a pleasant personality? I care about what she's doing. Yeah. Your past don't really matter unless it's affecting your present. It could be a woman who had, who did, don't got nobody. She could be a virgin. Yeah. You have a shitty personality. How you should be saying, she could still mess your life up because she not the right person. So I don't really care about that. I don't think that's the right character. You know, that's interesting you say because most of the guys in some of this madness feel she, they would talk about the past, like it's like the resumes, the most important thing. I don't understand it. I don't understand a value of a virgin. I don't get it. They cover the virgin so much. What does her being a virgin have to do with anything? Yeah. Because just because she's a virgin, doesn't mean she's a good person. Don't mean she gonna come over here and do some from me. Don't mean she not gonna be texting my phone, stressing me out. I mean she's not gonna be an asset to the situation. You know, I mean you never know, but I won't tell you anything, man, if you believe that she's a virgin, man, I got a bridge to say you knew you were right now. You know what I'm saying? And that don't mean that she's gonna be like a pleasant person. You know, she might steal my money. They like to do this thing, like quote fake studies without sighting them. A woman who has less partners statistically. Man, where do he statistics at? And tell me, you think all of these women gotten to those studies and told the truth, man, come on. Man, y'all don't know women enough. You think he's all like lying? Yeah, man. But no, like for real, why does it matter? I care what she's doing, how she makes me feel because she integrate with my family, how does she treat my son? Like these things matter. I never asked the girl like, I never asked the girl about the count. I never asked it because I don't care. There's really no answer that's gonna make me be like, whoo, hey, man. Hey, man, let me tell you this, man. Virgins ain't even fun. You know how much, whoo, ah, whoo, wait, hold on, you know, come on, man. Let's take so long. Let's take this, man. Let's say, they're like, no, you don't want to say it. Yeah, man. I don't even, didn't work. Yeah, that's it. And it's like, put it in the mouthful. I mean, let me say that. But like, yo, it's like, there's no answer to it. I'm gonna be happy. And let me tell you this about a version, too, right? Y'all think, oh, I get a version. I think do subconsciously think about the sex game, like, okay, it's your version. She can compare me to know the man. So I'll be heading shoulders above everybody else. You know, you come from a place to insecurity, right? But what you don't understand is, do you really want to version? There's no way a woman who has sex for the first time. With you is not gonna get curious about other men. I'd rather her already run through a couple men than get to me. And now she got something to compare to whether, whether she's with you first, there's no way I don't care. What you think, there's no way she's not gonna be curious and wanna have sex and gonna have sex one way. And now she's not just gonna be like, all you for life. You know, like, high school sweetheart, that's cool in everything. But even if you're all together, you know she didn't creep down somewhere, you didn't creep, because you want to experience, you experience sex, there's no way you're not gonna wanna experience something else. You know, so you might as well let it get it out the way. Where she coming to league man, she got to play in TWLA. You go, maybe be a McDonald's all American high school man before she comes to the lead. You can't just play against staff. The first time you touch it, what's this a basketball, your Steph Curry, let's go. Y'all not even gonna like a version. I mean, I, of course, it's show woman. So you're gonna teach her this, you're gonna teach her that. But when she rather have a woman who already got some tricks and some moves and some things like that, man. The great push to T said, I got the city's best. Never said she was the brightest. So if you had a first, it don't affect me in the slightest. Hey, you get real pleasure. Then he said, so I dismissed her past until she disrespects your heinous man. That's okay. That's the game. It's bright to me. Bars. Bars, man. Also that goes back to, you know, the confidence we have in ourself and the self love that we have. And like, man, I'm not tripping off who she was with before me. And everyone moves with somebody else. That don't take nothing from me. You know, depending on who she was with, like these dudes care about all that. I don't want listening because I have so much requirements for the woman that I'm with. Man, I don't care what she did because please believe what she's doing for me now. I always, everything. I get it from their perspective because they've never heard this information. They've never been taught that you need to have a broad and it needs to be requirements and qualifications to deal with you. And when she's with you, she got to produce. So if a woman come to the table and she's bringing nothing to the table, oh yeah, your pass matter a lot. But when you have a woman like me and I'm making sure that she's producing, I'm making sure she's an asset to my life. Well, she's bringing so much value in comparison her past on me, nothing because we're doing a lot right. Now, same way with dudes, right? A woman cheat on a dude. They upset. Why is a dude upset when a woman cheesome? I'm gonna tell you why. Okay, I heard a little bit that she cheated on you. But it's not really that. It's the fact that the entire relationship you were given or this, you were given her that. You were taken to here. You were taken her there. You were compromised on your goals on your gym. On this and that. So it's a double women. I don't need this, you violate. But she took from me. You feel like you got robbed because you did. You're a steamy, but if you had a woman, every day she's producing, every day she's coming with some assets, every day she's doing things to help your life. So guess what? When you moved on from your life, it's still better because she was there. I think that's what she cheated on me. Okay, my stomach hurt a little bit, but guess what? The whole time she was there, I was getting a benefit out of the situation. But when your life is worse, she took, took, took, took my money. Took this, then guess what? Well, with you cheat, it's like a double smack in the face. All this compromise. You're gonna do it on your own. You win a worse position. I'm gonna be any woman for going to me. If when she leaves, I'm not in a better position than she could have never been with me from the J. It's like having a car. Hey man, we have all had cars before. And you know when you get this car, you're not gonna have it for the rest of your life. You won't get mad when it's time to give it up. No, you give it to the keys to the new owner with a smile on your face. And you have found memories of that car. That's how I have with every woman I've had. Why? Because when she was here, we had some great rides. We did some great things. And it was a benefit. These dudes have to start, listen to what I'm saying. From a woman, so she's an asses. So when she do leave, because she's gonna leave, when she do cheat, when she might do, you're not feeling as bad because she didn't rob you. I never thought about it like that. Because they do, they do so much compromise for the car and giving her all the stuff. And compromise and like their integrity, who they are. You didn't go to the gym because you was supposed to. Yeah, you gave up on something you dream. You was spending money, you wasn't supposed to. And then on top of that, you wasted those years which you could never get back, you'll feel fine. So it's just, it hurt, it's like I said, this is double slapping the face. I don't care what she do, man. She cheat on me, it is. And a lot of dudes, man, ain't feeling embarrassed. Like when a broad cheat on them, man, I don't care. Man, bra, I'm gonna do what she wanna do. You should never feel embarrassed of a bra. She don't, you can't control what somebody do. She gonna do what she do. But as long as she was here, she was producing. So at least I got that in my belt. You know what I'm saying?