How do I tell you, I'm like a nice neighborhood, then that should have been lost to house, lost all the cars, everything. Because if it wasn't for that, I wouldn't be sitting right. So I felt like I was like, dude, whole the f*** you've came full circle, people were getting rated and they're saying like, yo they're asking about you. So I'm like, I gotta get the f*** here. Because they told me this is your last court day, you know, you go and play to get eight years. If you don't play, you're going to try out the minimum, you'll get 15. It was a fill in, you four. Now we got special guests today. Today's guys came on the scene over the last few years. Going crazy in the trade in investment community. He's one of the best traders I've ever met. He's super ball and super cool. My man, Jesse Casper. Jesse or KDA, what's that, what's good, man? And what's good, bro? What's the worst shit? It's true. He's YouTube is blowing up, man. Yeah, man, it's a blessing. It's a blessing. It kind of happened random like I was telling you, man. It's funny to, like, reflect and back on that word, I thought I would be at YouTube. Yeah, you got like a quarter million subscribers now. Yes, like two, thirding, I think. So I'm like that. How'd you get into trading? Effectively, I got in just through crypto. So I got in a bunch of my friends, well, really one group of my friends told me, you got to get into crypto. It was like 2016, 2018. Okay, oh, shit. You act then. This is like, racked up now. That's one time. Low pissed was pumping that shit hard. Yeah, most people are just in from COVID, but I originally got in in 2016. I put in like, it was like, 20, something thousand, like low, 20,000, turn it at 380,000. Right? Oh, shit. Then I'm like, I'm the shit. I'm a trader. Yeah, got the shit. I lost all of it. Got a lot of people when they think trading, they think investing. And big difference. It's two different things. Yeah, so like I thought I was a trader, but I was really, you were just. Yeah, I was the investor. I'm really invested. You just did some money. It's the shit at the right time. Yeah, I got it's funny. I was looking back at so on memories. And like, like, the old pictures, you know? And it was like a had a notebook. And I was like, right now what crypto was and shit. And I remember I was thinking, like, I was starting to tell everybody, like, yeah, I'm a trader. How much money do you put in? 20 is like 20, something thousand. 20. 20 is like 20 and some change. So it was like 20,000 deposit. And then I had like a couple extra thousand that I'd get. Because the way I got into it is I got some crypto for something. And I was a little biased. And this is back when you had to buy on local Bitcoin. Do you ever know what that was? I wasn't buying Bitcoin when you're back in it. For some of the big coin was Coinbase. I think it was 2017. Yeah, Coinbase was just on the scene to you. So to buy like large amounts without triggering certain warnings. And I mean, we'll get to that later. So I bought it in that context. I was trying to stay, you know. It local Bitcoin, and essentially you went online. And it was like imagine classified ads, but from Bitcoin. Like I'd go to Atlanta and buy it from a dude. Oh, he didn't part of you some bit for cash. Yeah, sketchy. Yeah, it is dude I ever remember. He's like a super hippy dude. Like he had just fried rich as fuck now though. Yeah, yeah. I mean, I would hope at least. And he's not. He's probably hating himself anyway. We'll see. But anyways, that was how I got into it. And I thought I got all cocky. You know, thought I knew what I was doing over the next like two, two and a half years lost all of it. Right. I was what got me hooked though. Because in that time when I was losing it, I was, I had decided I wanted to do it. You know, and I wasn't going to give it up. And I was addicted to it. Like back then it was like some heroic shit. Really I was listening to the gambling. You know, but it worked out, right? I wasn't really like serious about it. You know what I mean? Because I was making money in other ways. Got into it in 2020 again and actually took it serious. It's so funny. Yeah, so I was like man, everybody's making this money. I didn't even get the bottom of co-op with either. So then I was like, foam, I'm like, dude. How are your friends who didn't even more involved in this? Do better than you and you've done a lot of money trying to learn this. I decided I was going to take a serious, I bought a discord like an education community. Right. And whenever I was in that community, I was ahead of people because I had already went through all the psychological trauma. What were you training at this time when you were you training? Crif it all futures though. Chittles. Okay. Okay. Yeah. It's like leverage. Yeah. None. No. You had to, it was banned. But you could easily use it. That was where I started like actually trying to trade like serious. And I started because before then I didn't even really know a risk management. It was anything like that. But I got into it serious. I had already went through a lot of the issues. So I started doing good. And I was away ahead of all these new people that were like, how long did it take you to get good? I mean, if you want to be technical five years. But really like one year being serious. It was mainly 2016, like 2018, I was often on just being like stupid. Right. Like that was where I was trying to trade. I was like, I was trading no leverage. So I was trying to trade like the bear market, which I thought it was like going to keep going up. So I tried to buy these all points, right? And even in that time, like there was like the ICO boom of like 2017 where like kind of like how meme coins are now. But less crazy. So I would hit it and up to like keep me afloat, right? Then like chop it away. And then finally like just blew it all, right? And then I was putting in my own money, too at the time. So whenever I started taking this here since 2020, by 2021, I was doing really good. That was de-sensitized, delusium money. I had committed myself like, okay, now that you actually know and I was surrounded. I think another big part of it is I was surrounded with people who were actually making a lot of money. Yeah. So I thought it was real now. I don't talk about it a lot. I feel like people would think it's cap because I'm good at so many things. Right. I know how that sounds. I just don't know how to say it. But like I've been trading since like 2020 during COVID, I was in man and it was a lot down. Yeah. Right. So it was nothing to do with like I learned how to trade. You know, I spent the estimate a lot a lot of time trading. I did pretty well my first year. I'm like one of few people I know who was profitable the first year. Most pictures lose. Well, it's again, like you were winning at other points. You know, that's a big deal. You know, because winning because the thing is growing comes down to it. There's winners and there's losers. Like just being honest. And like everybody at one point, I feel like was a loser. I was a loser at one point. And like I would have probably lost at most things. And if I got lucky enough to win on the short term, I would have lost in the long term. Yeah. But once you get to the point where you're used to winning and you just have that mentality, you understand, okay, I'm not going to be good at first. There's going to be risk. I'm not losing money. I don't really care. You detach yourself from all the importance. Right. But when you're coming from zero, it's like this is my ticket. It's like anything. Once you put a level of importance on something, like if you assign something like this has to work, when does it ever work? Yeah. It's like if you look at a girl, like, oh my God, she's out of my league. Right. Or you're going to sound stupid as hell trying to talk to her. That's a fit. But you know what I mean? So it's all this. It's important. That's like a big thing I always talk about. Think about it's like the less you can give a shit about something. And like not not so much from like a sociopath like you don't care about anything. But from a sense of like, I understand to win. I have to remove that emotion. Yeah. I don't want to intentionally anything. That's really whenever you get good at winning. I think that's probably the big thing with trading. Like a lot of people I like Jeremy or you or people I know. I tell people my community this that are like struggling on my look. There are people that I know that came into this looked around and said, okay, this had this works. Okay. And within a year made a bunch of money. Yeah. It's possible. When I grew up, my parents were well off. Right. Whenever I was very young, but then a 2008 loss everything. Because I was in corporate sales. We weren't rich by any means. It was like middle class, upper middle class. Okay. I was living like a nice neighborhood. Then that should happen. Lost the house, lost all the cars. I was saying it. Because they were over leverage too. They were, they weren't a good position to have anything bad happen. Moot to another area that wasn't the best area. They started my mom had to get a job to cause she didn't have to work. Most of my life. At this point, I was like 12 or some of the smoke we had the neighbors. These older kids kind of crazy looking back. In my focus, like why are they smoking away the 11 year old neighbor? You know what I'm saying? Like, where are they? They're like 16, 15. They're like, what do we with the kids? Like, man, whenever I was 16, I was in that life and stuff. But like, everyone, 11 year old walked. I was like, get the fuck out of here. I always think about that. I'm like, what? Why would they have been what I'm saying? But yeah, they smoke we and me like, give me drinking and shit. So I got it. I got it in that life. I realized, cause they said ask. I'd be like, why does this happen? Like, what's going on? My dad would just be like, you don't understand. Like, don't ask me again. It has to do with money. So in my mind, I'm like, I want to make a bunch of money. Like, whenever I was that age, I'm like, what do you want to be when you grow up at school? Kids would be like some random shot and it's an am, like, I felt bad because I was like, I don't know, but I just want to be rich. Yeah. So like, that's she was ingrained in me from a very deep, deep level, right? So like, not even like a desire to do it to be glamorous, but like a desire to not go through what I saw my dad go through. Cause like dad and my mom, you know, you know, that shit goes right? Did they stay together for that? Yeah, man. So they're just still together now. Whenever that happened, I got into that life and then I started thinking, like, okay, you know, I saw people trapped in stuff and I was like, you know, that time too, this is like, that shit was like really glamorized. Like, like, you were with them. And at that point, I started like, I had kids, uh, I used to box with sidewalks for seven years and I boxed at the only box name was for the projects. So I wanted to city and like they would pick me up for the boys and girls club because my parents worked. I go there, they picked me up and I would go to the city and this is like, more in the city and I went to a school that was in the morning of country. So like, these kids were like, paying tax on sweet prices. They didn't have no good wheat, right? And one of the city, I was boxed with like a bunch of older kids. They were all like, it's a project. Like all of them were trapped at the gym and the car. I mean, the older kids. So I would get weed from that and then I would go and sell it for like, way higher. So I was immediately like, I was like, oh, yeah, I can smoke weed for free and maybe make a little bit. And to save like a long journey from there, that escalated like crazy. Okay. You know, it's throughout high school. I was getting in trouble in high school. I was balling in high school, bro. And I was going to Cali making church. I was like 16. And that all escalated, where I moved to Cali when I turned 18, because I wanted to get legit. I wanted to get out like, I also got hooked on like drugs and shit, a little pills, so Xanax is partying and shit. So I was like, I got to get out of here. I went to Cali, started my own weed company, like a farm. I got out of jail. But essentially I did that for a while and was legit and then I had a daughter. There saw was like, I don't want to be out here with my daughter. Because like, there's all sorts of fuckups at the happens in that game. Like, he get robbed. If you got to grow and everyone knows you're the dude, the people get robbed, people get killed for that shit. So I was like, I had a kid in the house, so I was like, I don't want to do this anymore. Not out here. Like a year before that was when I started away, got rich off crypto. So you made like a few hundred grand. Yeah, and I'm like, I'm the man. You know what I mean? I got it. Like I'm I'm a trader now. I don't want to do this shit no more. So I thought I'm going to move home and be able to trade. I can get out of the game. That's why I was like getting college the best thing that ever happened to me. Because if it wasn't for that, I wouldn't be sitting right here. Like I wouldn't have made any of the minimum, like, I mean, I ended up losing everything that I made in that game, which I'll get to in a second. But I mean, way more fucking money now. As such I moved back home, but you're not really a rattle game, man. And that it's like a power addiction. And here that you, you're the one that's the biggest money. Yeah, it's funny. I'll show you a picture of my old self. I like I'd be wearing like a bait hoodie with the big ass Cuban chain. Do it if I stand up, he'll suit. Valencia Agashoose, complete different vibe. It's like I like it. I'm like, who was this kid do? I was a complete different person, man. So I was like going to the clubs. I was the dude, you know, going like shutting the club down like 30 D. All that. So I was addicted to that. So I came home, try to say I was not going to be in it. Got it for a while, right? But then got back into it, got into some trouble. And I was losing all my money and crypto. So I got into trouble. I tried. I was like, my other fucker, you say you're going to come home and get out. You've now came home, fucked up your money, got into trouble again. Like, what are you doing? So then I was like, I'm going to get into sales. My dad was in the sales. I might get out of this shit, get into sales. So I literally went from doing all that to being a door to door appointment, et cetera, for a solar company. Oh, shit. Yeah. Because I was like, wait, I mean, at first it was kind of hard. Yeah. So then I started like making up a new pitch. I had a slickest pitch, man. That's funny. Like they had this dumbass pitch. It was like, hey, have you heard about the solar energy initiative? Like your store slam? I went, I went and bought a construction vest, and a clipboard. Oh, and I bought a construction hat. And I would go and I would knock on the door and I'd step back and look at the house. And people would be like, what the fucks us do? They're going to open the door. Yeah. So it opened the door and I'd be like, how you doing? You the homeowner? And they're like, yeah, I am. Because that's what that was a qualifying brush. Am I okay? Okay. Yeah, I'm just taking a look. We got some trucks that they've ever had doing some surveys going around. Seeing we got some houses eligible for this program. What do you pay in power for month? But like, do they work crazy? Could be like, they're hell, it's curiosity. So then I started crushing it with that. I send it up became a closer. Was like the top three closers in the whole company, the whole nation for the whole lifetime. And then I became a sales manager and an upquitten and started my own solar company. But then I failed. I mean, we did good for the little one. But then it failed. I mean, that's a lot of business. Right. Then I said, and at this time also too, and my dad and my child and I split up. So I felt like I was like, dude, holy fuck, you've came full circle for all this shit. You made a bunch of me lost it all. So you made money and lost it up a bunch of times that this was, yeah, I've gone from, okay, so from seven figures of broke once before, and for six figures of broke once before that. Oh, yeah, yeah. Now it feels good because I know I ain't ever gone bugging out. Yeah, whatever I that company failed. Right. And the mother and my child and I just split up and work out. And that one I'm like, they need to fuck up. You don't fuck up your family. I was like, you piece of shit. I got as depressed. So how did you daughter this? Yeah, no, it was like early 2019. So now I'm going full back into the game. So I said, fuck everything. I'm going full and that's when shit got really crazy. And I went into that like till like right on like early 2020. And then there was like a lot of stuff going on. You know, I caught a big case. We'll say it was in motion. So and then there was like rumors and shit of people, those things happening. Like where people were saying like, people were getting rated and they're saying like, yo, they're asking like, you. So I'm like, I got to get the fuck out of here. I went back to Cali. So this is like early 2020. This is when I went like full into trading. So I bought it in the Ails Craze, but I'm a, so there was actually a guy in the Cali plug. He's like a big trapper. Okay. And Cali, right? Super like famous in that world. And I saw on his Snapchat ad for a Discord about trading. And I'm like, bro, this is like God's handship. My idea was going to buy exotic cars on rentum. Fuckin' dumb ass business. Well, you know what I mean? Like just to, I was just finding anything that I thought I could do to get out of it. Essentially, I found, I got, I was like, okay, I got this Discord. I joined it. That's where I really started to take trading serious. And that's where we kind of get to part of the sort earlier, or started taking trading serious. But as I was getting into trading and taking it serious, come 2021, after all, it's been like dead for a while. That thought I was good. Ray. Oh. And then they rated 26 other people, or 25, 26 total. They wouldn't have found you in Cali. Yeah. So they, but they wanted the feds to pick it up, but the feds looked at the case when I was like, it's not strong enough. We got one of them. Yeah. That's where my life saved. Oh, I've been done. I've been doing this. This is a kind of young thugs thing. The feds and pick up young thugs here, here we are. Right. But when that happened, I lost everything and multitudes of ways. As you can imagine, what was happening, right? I just stayed in Cali, jail. Changeloo prison. jail. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So it was Riverside County. It's not very, it's not a friendly jail. It's not a good county to go to jail. Yeah, the best jail I've been in. And I think Austin Texas has a nice jail. You'm saying, I'm not a big fan of any New York jail. You know, and then really central bookings is like probably one of my least favorite places on earth. They labeled me as a fugitive from justice because I was out of state. It was then I had to go to like a high security unit. But it was almost comical because when I went in there, they were like, like, it was a bunch of gang members. Yeah. But it was like so funny that I was in there that they didn't even fuck with me. They were more like, what the fuck is this? They were like, they're like, they thought it was funny, you know? But they were cool. It's like, man, I was just like, people like me. I bet that would be so sketch. I'm like, but they were like the nicest people ever. How long did you say in it? 40 days. Oh shit. Yeah. Yeah. So I 40 days waiting and never knew when I was going to come back. But anyways, came home a heart one lawyer and basically fought the case for quite a long time with him and then I went firing him because he was just full of fucking bullshit. Like he literally filed like two motions the entire time and told me he filed more motions. Also the motions he filed. There was some politics shit, bro. For sure. Here's the biggest case in that county's history. Oh wow. It gets you. Yeah. Oh. So that was like, and that's not a big area either. It's a city. You know, Johnson City, Tennessee. That wasn't doing shit. So I fired him after I figured this out and I hired you. You ever seen a movie masterminds? Was that guy with that guy off an on-cassin in there? Based on the dude who was like the second largest bank robber in America. Okay. I got his lawyer. Now because of that, but it was just like, I shouldn't have been straight out to know him and fucking say my life. But you'll be no man. Yeah. Him and his whole team of lawyers, right? Cause it's like a six lawyer's total. So like as a crazy woman, it was like a movie I was in the court when I had to fire the lawyer because they told me this is your last court date. Yeah, you go and plead to get eight years. If you don't plead, you're going to try out the middle and you'll get 15. And I was like, I can't fucking play date here as to. I knew in my head in my heart. I got, and also by this time, I'm like coming up on YouTube and nobody really knows it cause I didn't come out with it. Yeah, I didn't talk about it. You know what I mean? I'm sure you saw like there's like puttrum and hit pieces on me. Yeah. Was like, now I just, you know, it is what it is. But I didn't lead with it because I didn't want to be described as that. Never hit it. Like there are a lot of my friends that knew about it. All the people in the play bit community, which is the discord, everybody knew about it because when that happened, I was a coach that I like damn free cast for. You know, it's like a whole movement. Besting ever happening again caught. Essentially, I had to go in the court and they were like, this is your last date before you go to trial. And on that day, I had to go in front of the judge like when they, you know, it's your turn they sent up. Yeah. And the middle of everyone talking to say excuse me or honor. And then I look at you they're like, what did you just fucking say? And I was like, I have to make it notice known to the court that I'm leaving. Mr. Bellon in my council. Oh. And that was like, bro, it feels like moving. It's like some movies appear in the book, like, you know, like the murmurness. It was literally like that. And they're like, what the fuck? And then the judge looks at me and like smiles. I'm almost like, it's like, okay, who's representing you? And then that moment like all six lawyers stand up and they're like, oh, go to Jager behind you. They're in the like the seats. Yeah. And what will take it for you? Yeah. They're like, we'll take it from here. They walk up and the like start open their suitcases. And the judge looked at me and was like, okay. And it was like almost like a form of respect because she used to be a big criminal defense lawyer. She's like, he's not fucking playing. Yeah. He's a psycho. Because like, that was a crazy move. You know, like, to me as a eight years of 15th, and my head at the same thing with a death sentence, look this is a death sentence. You know, and I was like, blown up on YouTube by trading at this point, I thought, like, 600 K trading. I was like, life was amazing. Other than this, and it was this crazy, like, reality where everybody that didn't know my past was so happy for him. But I went and it didn't know my past was so worried for me. If that time were you trading with eight pixel young men? Now I was trading with my four X-phones. Oh, it's before futures firms were like, as big. Yeah, I had to get it. So, um, but yeah, man, it was a craziest fucking thing. And then you went to trial with a new lawyer. No, I didn't go to trial. Oh, really? No, no, no, no. I didn't go to trial. So they ended up dropping it the last. So then I fought the case for another year. Right. But then with the new lawyers, they filed so many emotions that the last lawyer didn't do. Yeah. By the time that it was like what was permissible, the different, like, all the mechanics of their case, there was a say, it was wasn't strong enough. Yeah. And then, because I never got caught with nothing. Like not anything. I got $1,200 bro. Like what you're going to say that I was like a fucking king. And then then also like a witness retracted their statement last minute. Those are a lot of complicated things that happened. But finally, it was pushed it all the way to the next time where they say, and they're like, well, this is the last court date before we get a trial. And I was like, well, I'm not pleading. And then this is the last court date for the trial. I'm not putting them. They kept like pushing it off. And also to my lawyer leverage like my business and my success, to them, they're like, look, like this guy isn't like just out here, like some, you know, he ain't going to be out here like causing problems. He doesn't even live here anymore. Yeah. Like he's not going to be. And then like see, he was like trying to negotiate with them, kept playing that car, kept playing like we'll pay any fines. They didn't even like want to do any crazy fines. Yeah, eventually, he got to the point they filed like 27 motions. And there's so much evidence that it was either suppressed or not admissible or a witness that was not credible in consistency. And one thing they said, because then they would interview them. Because like, really when a lawyer goes to work for you, very few things they actually can't do. That's one thing I learned is it's really just amount how much do you pay your lawyer, and how much do they actually care. So there's almost always something. In a case that's that complex, almost always. So he found that something. And then I still got a felony. And I got six years probation. Oh, really? Yeah. But I mean, dude, it was a felony for cocaine possession to read with intent to resell or consider status, this possess and resell. So you couldn't vote. No. Yeah. Now we deal every time, if you ask me, man, we, we vote for like man, I can't vote. Oh, you, you got to know, I just say, oh, oh, oh, shit. And then they, why, why you get votes? Like man, salad and yeast. And then I don't tell them what, it's just like a little fun thing I've been doing. Ever since, ever since, that's her in 18. That's funny. That's funny as fuck, Ruth. That's funny. I appreciate you having me on, bro. Hey, man, my pleasure, man. I'm glad we got to, we got to talk about I'm glad you're sharing all the, a lot of the sauce. Hell yeah. And it's all about your like story. You know, it's a good story. It is a crazy one. It's a good story. Yeah, man. Also make sure you follow the homey, Casper or Jesse, whatever.