Time to get productive so you can start making some money. Stop being a lazy bitch. Fuck. If I was starting to pay, start accomplishing your goals. Achieving your dreams, but in order to do that, you need to be more productive. I'm gonna break down some of the extreme things you can do to be productive. This is definitely gonna be one of those videos. It's some nerds. Says, oh man, nobody can do that. No one has time for that. They won't clip it and react to it and say it's too much. If anybody says, in the comments, oh, there's too much just too much. Shane, those people mercilessly. They will never be successful. This is gonna be a stream's over the top. I know a little sum about ProDue. Tividi? I've used the taxes I'm gonna show you to create several multi-eight figure businesses. Bring myself out of poverty from the black ghetto of the South-sized Chicago. Two, would you see now? Once I'm millionaire, pinhouse condo Miami overlooking that Atlantic Ocean. Millions of followers, millions of dollars. Watches that cost more than you'll muck. Pfft. Let's get right into the habits that you need to be super productive. If you can become more productive, you can get more done in less time. And if one of your goals is to get rich, that's just how you get rich fast. And this is all gonna be real shit that I've done. First thing we need to focus on is your biology. To be productive, you have to use your body. If anything you want to accomplish, your body is going to accomplish this thing. We need to make sure that our body is running in tip top shape, a well-low-year-old machine. And one thing you can do to be more productive, you can have more energy is stabilize your glucose levels. So you may be saying what is glucose and what fuck do I need to stabilize the shape? And you're on the traditional American diet. You eat carbohydrates and those carbohydrates convert into glucose or glycogen. When your blood glucose levels go above 110, your pancreas secretes a hormone called insulin. Insulin's job is to flush the excess glucose out of your body. Otherwise your diet is why diet bedics, they don't make insulin. Your bodies don't make it, they have to inject it. Or otherwise they die, pass out all types of shit. The problem with that glucose and insulin spike, insulin is super indiscriminate about how it takes the glucose out of your body. It'll take it from as much as you can out of your body and out of your brain as well. And when that happens, you start to lose energy. This is why a lot of times people get super tired after they eat. Now that is the happening to me because I do the ketogenic diet. You used to happen to me when I ate like you. I've been doing keto for like eight years. Now you don't have to do keto to stabilize your glucose levels. This thing you can do to keep your glucose levels stable. Now this is an extreme advice in this video. I highly recommend you get a continuous glucose monitor. I did this for a month, right? To really just dial this in so I can be more productive. Codeshining your arm, where it's there for a month. And see how your body reacts at different foods. What spikes your glucose levels? Because you want to keep it as stable as possible. If you keep it stable, you'll have more energy and you'll be more productive. Those of you who've done intermittent fasting before, where you're like a 16 hour fast, every day, a lot of people report that they have way more energy during the fast. And then once the fast ends, it's kind of like the energy starts to go down, down hill. That's because their glucose levels are super stable during the fast. But once they start to eat, they have those glucose spikes in insulin spikes. The ketogenic diet or fasting are one way to kind of stabilize your levels. But this thing you can do even if you want to eat carbs. Here's what I recommend. If you're going to eat carbohydrates, make sure you always eat carbohydrates with protein. You have to eat them together. Right? And if you wear glucose monitor, you'll actually see this effect in real time. If you just eat carbohydrates, especially simple carbohydrates, you'll see a sharp glucose spike. Eat it with protein. Your glucose levels stay more stable. And then you'll have more energy you will accomplish your goals. Another thing you can do is go for 10-15 minutes walk after you eat. This allows your body to use up that extra glucose fast after you eat. Now that you can do it with eat more as like green vegetables. And especially if you start with green vegetables, fibers, vegetables like salad, broccoli. If you eat that before you eat the carbohydrates and the other foods, the what happens is the fiber will minimize the glucose spike. These are the few things you can do to stabilize your glucose levels. If you do that, I promise you you'll have so much more energy. I used to do intermittent fast. I did it for like five years in a row. And I was so much more productive during the fast. And then as soon as I started eating, I'm done with work. I had to get all my work done before 3 o'clock when I broke my fast. Because I knew it was kind of downhill from there. Then I went keto and it was like, oh, I had that feeling all day. Because my glucose levels were stable. You don't have to do intermittent fast. You don't want to do keto. You can't. If you want all of that advice, keep your glucose levels more stable. Stay away from sugar, candy, because you're in a dog. You're in that fucking child. You're including to my YouTube analytics. There's no women or children watching this shit. So you motherfuckers shouldn't be, you know, god damn candy anyway. The next thing you need to do is to plan out every hour of every day in your calendar. So I started doing this. That one I had like four different jobs. It was during the recession of a week. Couldn't get a good job even though I went to college. A father had just killed herself. I'd take it home, family, record unemployment and couldn't just sit around crying and be poor. So I said, you know, I'm going to outwork it. So I started working like 80 hours a week. I worked wake up early. Train people in the morning. shower at the gym. Boom. Go to the prod store. Work security to the prod store. After work at the prod store, I worked for a moving company. That was five days a week. And on weekends, I woke up early. Train people in the morning and then managed to rest around and quins. This is 80 hours a week for like two years. People always ask me, man, how did you train? How did you get enough sleep? How do you eat when you were working at much? I still work over 80 hours a week. And I don't neglect my family. I don't neglect my health. I don't neglect my sleep. But I'm able to get all of this shit done because I plan out every hour of every day in my calendar. If you get one thing from this video, let it be this. Here's my calendar now. If you even right now, I'm planning out every hour every day. Because once you start to do this, you are able to weaponize time. You're able to weaponize time. And you get way more done every day. Do this for one week. Plan out every hour of every day in your calendar. If you do this a few things happen. One, you'll get way more done than you did maybe in the whole month before that. People have no idea how much time they're wasting. Until they plan out every hour of every day in the calendar. They're shocked how much time they're wasting. And how much more they get done. The next thing they're happening is most of your bad habits will go away without you even trying. If you plan out every hour of every day, you're trying to get rid of some bad habits. And you're not going to put bad habits in your calendar. Are you not going to put getting high and goon in your calendar? I'd advise against that. You'll get so much more done and all the things you're trying to stop doing. You won't do it as much. There's no time for the bullshit if you plan out every hour of every day. I'm telling you. It won't even take discipline. Next thing you, we're going to talk about. We're going to bring it back to biology. This is a few supplements you can say. That'll increase your productivity exponentially. One of them, my favorite supplement is caffeine. I take about 1,000 milligrams of caffeine per day. Now you don't want to start with that. Right? You want to work your way up there. You know, I've been abusing caffeine since I was like 16 years old since the 90s. The motherfucking clean-and-mit registration. I was listening to DMX first album, and I would eat like 400 milligrams of caffeine. You know, it's very difficult to overdose on caffeine. The lethal dose of caffeine is 10,000 milligrams. Caffeine is a proven performance enhancing. Caffeine improves performance so much. If you take too much caffeine in the Olympics, you get to qualify. As that you know, whereas when they want to restrict how much you take, you and me win in the real Olympics, win the money making the Olympics. Ain't no referees. We can take as much as we want. It is a fucking cheat code. This tons of studies they showed at caffeine improves cognitive abilities. So now you move better. You got more energy and thinking faster. It's a fantastic supplement. The next supplement that I recommend to increase productivity is nicotine. This is going to be a kind of versatile one. Before you start talking shit about me recommend nicotine for productivity, there's tons of studies showing that nicotine is an tropic meaner and improves cognitive abilities. Nicotine itself is not really bad. It's smoking is bad. Inherlings smoke into your lungs that kills people. Not the drug nicotine. It dramatically improves cognitive ability. You know, I was afraid to say this should publicly I knew it because I read the studies. My favorite white science man Andrew Hooverman did a whole episode about the benefits of nicotine. You know, sometimes people don't believe what I say until a white man says it. So it dramatically improves cognitive abilities. In there's a few different ways you can adjust it. The safest way is nicotine patch. I'm wearing a nicotine patch right now. If you've only seen me on the internet, you probably never seen me without a nicotine patch. Sure. This is my time. I've had multiple patches on. When I really need the lock in. Uh, another white man that you all believe all the time is um Alex Hermosie. He's really a Persian. He says it's almost like Adderall. You're going to have nicotine gum, nicotine, mints. I think they make the on research. Caffeine and nicotine. Let's take it a step further. This is something that I recommend a lot for fat loss. But it also helps with productivity. A fedro. I learned about this in high school. I would take these fat burn and pills before class. And I would be fucking locked in zone in and because I got the 3.8 GPA, I think these fat burn pills, it was the shit called rip fuel. It had a fedro. Feudrins is multi a fat loss, that's appetite uh, suppressor. But I just noticed man, I really zone in dealing with that's a fedro. I really help me get help me stay focused. I'm talking about peak state shit. They made it illegal to put in body business supplements in America. You can just go in a store and London and buy that shit. But you can still get a fedro in 90 states. You don't need a prescription, but you gotta go to the pharmacist. And ask for something called bronch aid. It's an asthma medication, but the main ingredient is a fedro. Caffeine, nicotine patch, and an a fedro. So I'll take like 200 milligrams of caffeine. Or I like to take it in pre-workout form because I kind of like some of the other ingredients in pre-workout, bronch aid while wearing a nicotine patch. And I'm ready to lock in. I'm hesitant to recommend this. But I'm going with you anyway. The holy grail of productivity is... Adderone. If you have a, obviously you have a prescription, you've talked to your physician. And you qualify to say Adderone. There is nothing that will help you be more productive at Adderone. However, when I first took Adderone, I realized I had to be very careful. Because whatever you're doing before you take Adderone, you're going to be doing that thing. But the next is on the 5 to 7 hours. I remember once I took some Adderone, I was like, oh, let me clean up before I get the work. I fucking deep clean the whole fucking crib and got no work done. And once I was like, yo, I was going to work on something. But YouTube was up. I took Adderone, YouTube was up. This was back when chicks were, they could put twerk videos on YouTube. But there was a twerk video up and it came in my recommendations. I watched about 7 hours of twerk videos. Whatever you're doing before you take Adderone. You got to be ready to do it. And you have everything set up, then take Adderone and get immediately to work. The reason I don't like the frickin' Adderone. Because this is super addictive. If you're going to have to keep up in those for it to be effective. And when you quit, there are crazy drawbacks. So, you know, I was super depressed when I quit. When I quit Adderone, I was depressed for like two weeks. And I was tired for two weeks. But luckily, I knew that that was a side of thing. So, just be careful. My productivity stack is safer than Adderone. But at the same time, this happens on how extreme you want to be. This is the video we're streaming. If you want to get super streamed, maybe the juices worked the sweet. Because I know a guy, he was like palned in Adderone. And he built a $10 million business. And then, you know, he sold it. Then he quit. He said, he quit. He was depressed for like, you know, a month. Oh, like, was it worth it? He was like, yeah, it was worth it. But the next thing you need to do to be more productive. Plan out all your goals and have deadlines for every step. And then you put every step in your calendar. I have a tool that will help you with, uh, do that. It's called the Victory Vision Planer. The link is in the description. So, when you go to the Victory Vision Planer, there's one, there's one, there's one, there's called the ambition planer. Right? And, uh, open this. Boom. And this is dummy data. And here. What you do is you put your goals here. And then you put out every step. It takes to accomplish this goal. And then you put a deadline every step. This is an example data from last year. Right? I'll show you what this looks like. Let's say I said a new goal. Right? Fuck. Yo. Mama. What would this step be to fuck yo, Mama? All right. So I probably got to find her IG, right? Boom. Find her IG. Boom. Then I probably have to slide in that hose DM. Boom. Then I have to set up date with home. Now they ain't a whole lot of steps to fucking this bitch, right? You can see it. Then I have to go on date with dad, hoe, and then smash. Now here's the thing. Now we got deadlines for every step. So we got to remember, I said we got to have deadlines and it says, what we do is we click in the goal. Boom. Dad, it's not started, right? When we do that, it's a, well, this is something we probably, we probably do this by tomorrow. Slide in the DM. Probably do that tomorrow as well. When we go set up the date, you need to do this for all your goals. Like when you're going to set up the date, probably talk to her on IG for a little bit set up. Set up the date, that's called Tuesday. It's called Thursday. Saturday, we're on Thursday. Going that date with the hoe, take out on Saturday night, man. Show it good time. And then we're going, we're going to fuck this bitch that saying night, obviously. And so you just set up your goals. You got to have a deadline for every step. The cool thing about the big division planner is we can, let's say, find our IG. Let's say this is in progress, right? We can go to the progress tab that I made for you. You can see all your goals. Like all your goals, right? This is the lamboe goal. It's the 10k month goal. This is the, you can see what's not started, what's in progress, what's done. What's your accomplishes? You can either move it over here like this or you can do it right here. Just boom, progress. You could also, what's really cool about this because a lot of your goals are going to take longer than this, you could say this month. Here's what happens this month. What you need to do this month. This is where you get dope. You take each month or we can go to this week. Right? Cool, this stuff we got to do this week. And all your goals are going to come up here. All the steps for all your goals are going to be here. And what you do is you putting a calendar when you're going to do it. Not when it's due. That's the problem. When people set goals and try to plan it out, they only have due dates. And due dates are great. You also need to put in when you're going to do it. Put that in a calendar. You have to estimate how much time each one of these goals is going to take. For example, I was just a slide in her IDM tomorrow. All right. So now I go to my account. Let me copy this. Copy. This is a go on my dummy calendar, right? I could win them a due to shit. All right. I guess I would see when I had time because I have all my other goals in here. I'm like, I'm like, I'm around noon. I can slide in her DM boom. How long does it want to take? I don't know. Let's get myself 30 minutes. Oh, also you can click into the goal and I can put it. You can put your notes in here. Things they have to do with the step of your goal. Let's say I'm supposed to go on date with her. So when am I going to go on a date where I'm supposed to do it on June 14th. All right. So I would look at my calendar. See what I had time. This is dummy data. I ain't going to make this sit my whole night. Pretty right here. Boom. Give it a few hours. You know, I'll be back by 10. All right. So you put when you're going to do an account. You do this for all your goals. This is a notion template. The vision vector plan. I was being a little silly with the goal, right? But you could do that with any of your goals. You want to put it in here. And this is free. The links in the description. But this is extreme. You want to plan out all your goals. Put deadlines for each step. And then putting your calendar when you're going to do these goals. When you're going to do each step. Because of the victory, the vision plan in a way is set up. But the progress, you can start tracking your progress. So study show that when people track their progress, they are significantly more likely to accomplish them. The next thing you need to do to be more productive is start meditating. So I've been meditating over 15 years now. I meditate twice a day and both sessions are 15 minutes. One of the reasons this is so helpful is because there was a study done by Harvard University. It showed that after just eight weeks of meditation, part of your brain called the Amigdala starts to shrink. And that's the part of your brain that controls your fight or flight response. Feel your anxiety. That part of your brain actually starts to shrink. And as another study that showed that the part of your brain is responsible for logic. The Neo-Cortex starts to become more dense after just eight weeks of meditation. So now we're changing our brain. We're changing our brain in a way that makes us more logical and less reactive emotionally. It's not just a biological thing. Also, it's difficult to have productivity when your mind is not right. But if your mind is calm and you can just go accomplish the goals, starting knocking it out like a robot. Like being anxious, having anxiety, being scared, your heart rate starts to go up. And you actually waste energy if you've been meditating. Just eight weeks of meditation changes your brain. You'll be more comfortable with calm. The only thing you need to understand is some people said, man, I meditate today and I feel different. Like meditation, I want you to think about it like exercise for your brain. Meditating once or even like two days in a row is not going to do anything. It takes at least eight weeks for you to start seeing the progress. It's kind of like lifting weights. Are you not going to see progress? It takes a while for the muscle to grow. I think about it like exercise for your brain. Meditation changes your brain. It has to be done frequently over a significant amount of time. And once it happens, it'll be way calmer. And it'll be way easier for you to accomplish your goals. It's less taxing on your central nervous system in your brain. And you can use the energy to accomplish your goals. Next thing you're going to do to make making more productive is to not multitask. Multitasking actually causes you to be less productive. So here's the study that shows that task switching leads to 40% loss in productivity. If you're switching tasks, what happens is when you start doing something, it takes a little bit of time for your brain to acclimate to this new thing that you're doing. And then once you start to acclimate to it, start to get in the zone and it starts become easier. Multitasking, you're not doing two things at once. It's just switching from one thing rapidly. So you never fully acclimate to either one of them. This is why the study says it's a 40% loss in productivity. Here's another study that shows tasks switching leads to more mistakes. So you're going to fuck shit up more. If you're doing something, muscle things at once. So what are you doing instead? You want to dive into one thing and do it to it to it's done. You're not getting distracted by your phone. You're not getting distracted by other people. You want to really lock in zone in. And you'll get that test done way faster. It's a great book called Deep Work. Are they going to go in a way more depth on that. Once I read that book, it took my productivity to the next level because I was getting more done in less time. The next thing you need to do to be more productive is to get more sleep. Not only more sleep, but better sleep. That is showed at the better you sleep, the more productive you are. And it makes sense if you're all the tharjins, it will be difficult for you to get more stuff done. So what do you do? Well, first thing we do is we have to start tracking ourselves. So you can get some sort of fitness tracker that works for you sleep. I use the ordering, the tools, Apple Watch, Wump, any sort of fitness tracker that attracts you are asleep. You want to keep doing things to improve. Not only the quantity of sleep, but also the quality. And there's a few things that I've noticed improved the quality of my sleep. So I don't even need more. But I do something like 8 to 9 hours of sleep. But because I've optimized my sleep, now I'm really good at just seven hours of sleep. Because I get more deep sleep and more REM sleep. Here's some of the things that help me. One, I have blackout curtains. Pitch black in my room. Also keep the room colder. In the low 60s, study showed the people have a better quality of sleep when they're in the cover. Nothing I got from a book called Why We Sleep. And he said in the book to wear socks to sleep because it helps the regulator body temperature. He also said to take a shower before you go to sleep. A hot shower for you, honestly. And this regulation body temperature as well. Now if we want to get more extreme REM, just the extreme video, I had this thing called a chili pad. It's like this little refrigerator unit on the side of my bed that it runs cold water through this mattress pad. It's on top of my mattress. And it feels just like, you know, when you flip your pillow, you know, the cool side of the pillow. Imagine your whole body feeling like that all night. Once I got that, my sleep performance skyrocketed. And I noticed that when I leave home and I have to sleep somewhere else, I get less deep sleep and less REM sleep. These are the things that really help me get way more done and way less time. But you download that big revision planner. The link is free. I use this productivity tips to build my own life business business. It's a multiple set of figures. Now I teach you how to be about to do it. If you want to learn how to grow your own life business business, I got a free ebook called the 10 Commandments of Online Train. It will really break down. Everything you need to be your online trainer. Go ahead and click the link in the description. Check it out. It's free. All right.