You clicked on this video because you wanna get pretty. In this video, I'm going to break down some extreme ways to help you get rich as fast as possible. I'm gonna what I'm gonna say is gonna stand over the top. Some of what I'm gonna say is the kind of people make reaction videos about is all real that has helped me become a more time millionaire. I made my first million when I was 32, but it was way more difficult when I did it. You have advantages that I didn't have, because I'm 42 now. 10 years ago was way different. So you should be able to get it faster if you're willing to get more extreme. If one of you, bitch, says some shit like, man, I don't wanna do that. That's too much. I don't wanna work that hard. Why the? Did you click on a video to say it? Extreme ways to get rich and then complain about it being too extreme. That's why you pour. The first extreme thing I did to help me get rich was I started planning every hour of everyday in my calendar because I had multiple jobs at the time. When I was first started moving down its path of making money, it was right after my father killed himself. He committed suicide. And that was during the great recession 2008. Yeah, breaking on employment, I couldn't get a really good job because nobody was hiring. In fact, everybody was just laying people off. So what I did was I wake up at four. I trained people in the morning in the gym. Then I would shower at the gym and then take the train down the so-hoe and I wore security at the proudest store or like eight hours. I wasn't a good security guard. I didn't guard anything. I didn't keep anyone secure. But they paid me to stand there for eight hours. Then after that, I would work for a moving company. That was five days a week. And on the weekends, I wake up early and I would train people. And then I would manage the restaurant and quince for the rest of the day. And these was 12, 14 hour days, seven days a week, two years. And I was doing that while I was building my business. So it's like I didn't have a whole lot of time. The way I was able to accomplish all these things is I planned every hour of everyday in my calendar. I used Google account. I wanted to first smart phones. And when you do it, would realize you have so much more time than you think. For example, there are 168 hours in every week. You first need to think, okay, how many hours a week do you sleep? You should do the sexes at home. If you sleep, eight hours a night, that's 56 hours. That's 56 hours. If you got one job or you got school, how many hours do you spend and worker school? Right, add that up. I'm just gonna say for you hours for the second to the example. Then you gotta think, how much time do you spend with your friends and family? Well, let's just say family, right? Because you might have to chill with the friendship shit. This is extreme. Let's say it's two hours a day. You spend 14 hours a day with your family. Now, again, some of you are gonna be like, man, but what if you got like 30 kids? What bitch nigga? I didn't tell you to have all the fucking kids, bro. You gotta live with your poor decisions now, me. Then you gotta work out. Let's just say you were badass and you've working out seven days a week for an hour, then you're cool. All right, then you add all this shit up, man. What is this, man? It's a hundred and a thousand hours. We subtract that from 168, that's 168 hours in every week. That leaves you with 51 hours. That's the time you're gonna use this fucking gear rich. This all this time needs to be dedicated to your goals. These are the only four things a man has to do. You gotta sleep, you gotta work. You gotta spend time with your family, you gotta work out. Everything else is optional. Video games optional. Getting high off the Zaza is optional. These are the only things you have to do. And one of you fucking nerds is about to say, you know what about using a bathroom? My city's the thing a man has to do, right? If you spend in like fucking 40, 50 hours a week in the bathroom, you gotta promise that our beyond a scope of anything, I can address in a YouTube video. You need a psychiatric evaluation. We're about getting groceries, really. There's not the fuck up, bitch, and they get, you know, spending 50 hours in the bathroom with doing groceries or even commuting. When you start planning every hour of every day, you stop wasting time. The way happens is you start using it time more effectively. This time this remain is what you're gonna use to get rich. And you gotta use as much of it as possible. No one will do it as a plan every hour of every day in your calendar. It's very important, that's step one. The second extreme thing you need to do to get rich, you gotta start tracking every dollar you spend. Almost nobody does this, man. If you do these two things, you will be fucking way ahead of the people around you. You'll be one of the most productive successful people around you in the next 90 days, like their whole ship will change. The reason you wanna track every dollar you spend is because this is the cold for getting rich. Gonna make more money than you spend and invest the difference. If you do that over a long enough period of time, you will get rich. You will get rich. Let me bring it up, let me give you example. Let's say you had a modest investment of just $2,000 a month. Let's say you can make extra $2,000 a month. Anybody can do that, man. And let's say you invested that in something simple like the stock market. And just a simple like index fund, like S&P index fund. Let's bring this up. Whoa, that looked like. Let's say $2,000 a month. We start with two grand, monthly contribution, $2,000. Let's say 20 years. The average return in the stock market is 10% not increasing, oh, compound annually. $2,000 a month. In 20 years, you have $1.3 million. It's almost $1.4 million. Compound interest. So that means if you're 20 years old, you can be a millionaire by the time you're my age. I'm 42, but just $2,000 a month. And anyone can do that. If you wanted to take the last time, you got to do one of two things or a combination of it. You got to invest more money or pick a vehicle that can give you a higher return. It's probably going to be a combination of both. But I was just showing you the simplest way to do it. Did it get extra $2,000 a month? You need to know how much you're spending and what exactly you're spending in it all. And I've been talking about this for at least 10 years. We used something called monart. It seems to be the best one that wants to be like the most. And you hook all your accounts to monart, all your investment accounts, your checking accounts. It saves your accounts, all your credit cards. And you link it up to monart. And it will track all your spending and categorize it for you. All the money coming in and all the money coming out. When people do this, man, they're kind of amazed that we're some of the money's going. And they realize where they can cut back without it affecting their lifestyle very much. For example, do a bunch of entrepreneurs like two summers ago. He came to my crib and I was helping him with something. I made him hook all this shit up to this. It went and looked at the past nine, his nineties, his spending. This motherfucker has spent like over a hundred thousand dollars on bitches, not prostitutes, but like flying bitches, blazes, buying them shit, dinners, and shit. He didn't even realize it has a quit. Maybe you don't got a hundred thousand dollar a year. Oh, have it. But every time I run out to pinnore through this, we see ways that we can actually cut spinning without it. Really affecting his lifestyle much. Remember, you have to make more money than you spend and invest the difference. So we need to really monitor our spending. I'm not even telling you to be off for rules or making your own coffee, clipping coupons. I'm telling you to just be more cognizant of what you're doing. And be able to track it and really have a scoreboard of what your shit looks like. And this cool with Monarch, you it actually tracks your net worth. And you can actually track it over time. It's fantastic. The next thing you need to do after you start tracking every dollar you spend is to cut unnecessary expenses. So it's cool about Monarch. As you can go back and see like maybe like the last 90 days and you're in a company and it does a lot of categorize before you find where you can cut unnecessary spending. What you can cut back on. For example, I was spending a lot of money on flights. I go see my son every other weekend. So it's a lot of money. And then I was like, fuck, now I've spent too much money on flights. I started using my amics points. I had like 3 million and amics points. So like I started using these points. And I started spending the points on the flights. And I easily started saving thousands of dollars a month. That's just an example. You ain't got 3 million dollar amics points. I heard some people don't. But maybe you can like start cooking at home more instead of eating out. Maybe you can cut some stringing me services that you don't need. Well, you buy the cut some only fans subscription. What am you going to do to lower your expenses? But here's the thing. It's very important. When you cut the unnecessary expenses, you have to take the money you were spending on that and invest that. So I'm people just cut expenses and don't do nothing with the extra money. Then if you cancel all your only fan subscriptions, now you got to extra $5,000 a month. Now we're not talking about being a regular. We're talking about getting rich. So the next thing you need to do is find work that allows you to not have to exchange time for money. So that's either some job where you can pay for commission or your own business. So just what you're getting paid for your results instead of for your time. Because if you only get in pay for your time, then it's a cap on your income because there's only so many hours that you need today. If you can pay by your results, then the person who's paying, they don't care how much time you spent on it. For example, Nima, a video guy, he got a whole team of my fuckers who worked for him. I don't know how much time he spends on my videos. I have no clue. I don't want to know. It give me 80 hours a week. It give me 8 minutes a week. As long as I get the videos. I don't care how long he spends. I just want the videos. I don't want to know he's my fuckers. Hey, hey, you edited the video right now. I hope I never, ever meet you. But you're doing great. But he's structured his business in a way where he just gets paid for the results in that it's time. Because when I was working on those jobs, I was getting paid for the time. Even as an in-person trainer, I was getting paid by the hour. But when I started my own life in this business, without I was able to train people online, giving them the custom workout plans, custom meal plans, and they did it on their own. My job was to keep them accountable. In this way, I wasn't getting paid for my time. I was getting paid for the results. I can help them get. Because I wasn't restricted by time anymore. I can get way, way, way more clients. I can make more money while charging them less. That's when I was able to quit all the bullshit jobs. Hey, listen, if you want to learn how to grow your online business to, I'd help about 15,000 people, gross successful online business businesses, is how I made my first million. You want to learn how to do it too? I got a free ebook for you. The link's in description is called the 10 Commandments of Online Training. And it will really give you the whole game plan of how you can actually stop exchange it's how I'm from money and use online training to start trade results from money. And it'll show you how to get the results for your clients. So you got to get clients online, grow your following. This will work for you even if you'd love a big following, even if you're not certified. The link is in the description is 100% free. But even if you don't do online training, you need to get it to some sort of vehicle or your exchange and results from money. So that can be like a commission based sales job, it could be your own business or it could be a job that just pays you for results. And he was a good example for that. Like I hired him in his team, but I just pay him for the results. Because then you have a leverage. The next thing you need to do, to get rich, is to start getting leverage. When you're a poor boy and you just broke struggling to be shanked time for money. That's because you don't have leverage. So the only thing you got is time. It's allows you to raise your income exponentially. And there's three forms of leverage. One is skills. If you have high level skills, then you can make way more money for the same amount of work. For example, if I bring it back to sales, if two is to two sales people, they're working to exact same amount of time. If one has a higher close rate, he's going to make more money because he has better what skills. So you can deliver to skills. So you've got to invest in something to give you a high income skill. Because then you get leverage. There are things you can learn that can make you better at what you do. The best music producer is going to pay more from the month I can make trash beats in his mom's house. Because he makes better beats. He makes better music. Right? So you've got to pick an area, a skill set that you wanted to develop and go all in on the development in the skill set. Because that's going to give you leverage and whatever you're doing. We've started making more money with the same amount of time. But in the skills we'll help you in business too, right? Because two businesses are doing the exact same thing. But one is better at it. If you want to make more money in the month for this win, good at it. If you have a business where you're more than in people's Facebook and Instagram, and if you're better at it than someone else, you're going to get better results for your clients. It'll be easier for you to get client because you have a better reputation. Right? Skills is very important. The next form of leverage is media. It could be social media. It could be getting publicity. The more you could control media. This is why billionaires Jeff Bezos will do shit like buy the Washington Post. Right? Because if you can control media, they can reach more people. Or is the reason Elon Musk or Twitter, even though he's losing money buying Twitter on paper, he can reach so many people. And when you can reach people, you can sell more products. Or you can have more influence. This is wildly important. Kim Kardashian, she has a huge social media presence. She can get paid like a million dollars for Instagram posts. That's leverage. She can use her media presence on social media and she's on TV. She's famous, right? Because she has a big media presence on social media presence. She's a fucking billionaire now. She was able to launch her business scams and make up fucking ton of money. Or Kylie Jenner became one of the youngest billionaires that ever all of her huge social media presence. And I asked my girl, it was her makeup. Better than fucking Revlon or Maybelline. She's like, nah, it's the same shit. It's just he has such a huge social media presence that she's able to amplify. Or even when I started online training, first thing I did was started YouTube. It was the only social media that I was proficient in. And I was able to build that up and start getting clients from YouTube. And then when Instagram came out, I started getting clients from Instagram. Now I got a million Instagram followers, right? Social media or any kind of media, but especially social media can help you with your marketing because you can reach more people. So it's easier for you to what to make sales and get customers. There's one thing that teaches my students when I'm showing them how to grow their own life. It is business person. We do up to helping craft your social media so they can actually get clients from it. And they start getting clients from your fast. If you want to learn more about that, make sure you download the ebook to 10 Commandments of online training to show you how. And then the other form of leverage is money. Right? If you got money, it's easier to make money. You ask me like, yo man, I got $1000 man, how can I invest in a gear rich? What the fuck? You can't even you got $10,000. It's not a whole lot. You can invest in to make a big difference, right? The average return on the stock market is 10% a year. You put that shit in an S&B 500. What you're going to do with that $1000 man? Fucking nothing. If you've got a good amount of money, you can help you invest in business or you can help you invest in a stock market or you can help you invest in real estate is the ultimate form of leverage. Everybody is zig-zagging. Everything's the same. You need to focus on the other two skills and media. You should focus on social media is you not about the buy, a newspaper, a magazine or some shit like Japanese social media kind of democratize it. Right? You need to work on building a social media because it makes everything easier. You can make money off your own social media as well. I made millions of social media. This is it. If you want to go deeper into the leverage, I got another video that you will watch right now that really take that part to the next level. All right? Go check it out right now.