Hey, I'm better than it, I don't need a cab, I said they rise to me And it's also bad on me, I know there's no friends, it's been this day I keep my family close, go, put it work in, it's a good bag And then take it back to my phone We're doing another day in a life From my brolly first meal of the day, sardines, water While watching sports sector, let's get it I saw the days going to be a different kind of day in the life, a lot of times when I filmed day in the life, it's more of an exciting day, with his day, I'm going to show you what it's like to really run your own business and really just work It's still going to have fun, still going to be exciting, but you're going to really see by the scenes or what it's like to work, run in, most of the million dollar business, let's get it About the meat, one of my star studios right now, he made a ton of what he was first here in the program, he has been a four year buddy, so he's been a risk-sets story, he's a talent, suck me up to get it All right y'all, I'm here with two of my students, man, HTC lean, that's come all now, man, listen, how much money you made in HTT so far? Man, since August, post to 80,000 since August, how many months is that so they know? Except to months on the moon. Eight months, 80,000, something like that, yeah, you were like 10k enough, you know, come all man, let's go man, by way, how much money you made? So last week, I made my record week, so it was four for the line k, come on man, but you've got a new little column for you too, yeah, I just moved to one, so it's like, you know, this should work wherever you have, how is HTT help you guys like, build your businesses, y'all love it, it gives you the system, the blue part, the accountability and the culture. So that's all you need to be successful, you get the mindset training, so that you get the system, the implementation strategy. So then it's bulletproof, you just show up and do the work, you do the work, you're not lazy, yeah, get the work, quite a little, if you lazy, don't even try, you lazy man, like nothing's gonna work, you lazy, people think it ain't your rich quick, you gotta put, you gotta put in work, and that's why I admire y'all because y'all put in the work the whole time. And how is it doing in Colombia? Like is there a difference that you see or is the same shit? No, it's the same shit, he's like, hey, don't have any Colombian clients that have been just from your west in Europe, yeah, I'll try that, so, so you're making 4,000 US in Colombia, so that's like, he's either like a baller, yeah, of course. If I never a son, I would be doing like you, I'd be because of somewhere in Latin America with a money, thinking all the money online, it works wherever you at man, yeah, yeah, okay. I need to go a long way out, let's show man, listen, listen guys, if you guys want to get it like my students, you know, you seem to have to test some of your, uh, there's a pre-book of the tanker man, it's a vone line training, it's sure you gotta grow your all life, it's business, even if you go have a lot of experience, even if you're not certified, even if you go have a big bottle of it, all right, this is head to the lady in the scripture, be download the ebook. All right, so what's about to happen now is I'm going to do a live training for my students. I do a live training with them every week and what we started these calls off is I asked them, hey, I was wondering me this week, how many clients you guys this week and let me show you something to resolve to get. So give me some updates, start with you McGill. We're at, um, 26k, when you see this cap in the muffs up on? Yeah, yeah, we're gonna step it up, we're gonna step it up. Oh, so far for the month, we had 35k. Oh, it was looking really good, man. Leonardo, what about you? So we, uh, 20,500 so far for the month. When he's out of the oven, so far for the month, you know, sir, hey, that's not bad at all, man. Well, it's an amazing right, listen, if you want to learn out of growing on a live business tools, you start getting some money like my students, like they download the free book 10 Commandments of Online Train, Link is in the description and it walking down in cash. So you gotta go your online business business, even if you're going to pick up on even if you're not certified, even if you don't have a lot of experience. I was having an hour, it's about to go do a podcast, uh, somebody else's a podcast, you know, they had to get the king on their man, so get the views up so I'm gonna help him out right quick. Let's do it. Let's take it back for a second. So what were you born and raised? Self-sized to coagled. You from Chicago too, right? I was in Chicago for three and a half years, so I just say I'm partly from Chicago. Oh, get them out from Chicago. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And so mom, dad, met in Chicago. They met in Chicago. They had me, you know, it was funny, man. His, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, I mean, nobody chooses to live on a South-Sycht Chicago because they've rich, right? So we go, you know, kind of poor. Actually, these really poor. My dad, he lived with us right in my parents from here. But I see him a lot because he was like busy trying to get his business started. Yeah, trying to get it just going, you know, he's just struggling and struggling, trying to make it work. And then fast forward a few years, I get sent a way to military school for high school because I got to support trouble. You know, it's normal shit, you know, like, skipping school fights, shootouts, you know, normal shit around like my second year of high school. His business started to take off. Right. But this is like 16 years from morning that right, because he started before I was born. Yeah. And it finally started to work. He was his business. But I'm a graduated from high school. He was making $3 million a year. But you ever remember that was in 2000. Right. So that was, that would be equivalent to $8 million a year. And today's money. But then on with the college, how were university? School of business. But I'm a graduate. He had lost all the money. He fucked it all up. And then, uh, like a year or two after that, he committed suicide. There's a lot of lessons there. Right. So one, if you're persistent, you know, you can make it right here. He's having people to quit after the first year in the second year. Yeah. But he was like 16, 17 years, cried in the finally made it work. And then it worked. But the other lesson is, what's he started making money. He started indulging in the fruits of his labor a little bit. You know, a lot, like too much. You know, yeah. I remember when I was talking about my camera from college, he was like, yeah, I just bought a cat like random today. I'm over your thinking, man, I don't know. That's a wise financial. It has me. He's like, no, I mean, I would get money. He never would have the college he even read away for high school. Yeah. So he's still like a street bill. But you are, sit down. What did told me was, all right, once you start making money, it's like you've got to keep doing the got you there. Yeah. You know, you can't take your foot off the gas because they ain't no one out of money. You can't fuck up. I already said if you're so over with this, the best interview ever did or the greatest. Seriously, this was a solid podcast. He's got to be up there. Honestly, in regard to like, if I just gave you the facts in the data, this is a top two, the two podcasts I did today. Yeah. You're my top, I've done 260. I think today. Oh, I've read like the like in-rit when this gets published, doesn't but be like top two. Next, between you, that's what you're on. You're from my, my, my, my, my guy at this morning. A man from graduate lace. Yeah. Glad I could help. Not tracking, black and man. You know, Greg, you just moved to Miami. Moved to Miami. Got a new pad. Yeah. Off to be here. So he, I missed Miami. It feels incredible. The moment. So the thing that's in, I got to go full floor. I got to get like a few pistols. Hey, man, if you're talking to the right person, doctor, right? I mean, I flattened down with me. I can tomorrow with I can't, I can't buy the brand new, but I can buy them used. So if you get a brand new, I can buy it off here. Oh, man, I'll sell you crystals all day. I, right now, I'm headed to the heat game with the homie Jeremy. The one of other boys, Eric. Yeah, thorses. It'll be lit. I'm going to check out ball and see if they can do anything tonight. You know what's going to do? Yeah, well, you got a different exit when you see it. Yeah, when you got a different exit when you see it, four sides, man. Yeah, just try to do the next side. Pxy, you can't be going out with the regular book. Get the brand new part. I got a private elevator in Miami or a mid. Yeah, the heat lost. That was a fun game with dogs. You know, while I was there, I met some other dudes, Sigourtsack, and they were all nine trainers. News, they weren't hate for them, and they were all nine trainers. And they said that, you know, my, my, it's a combination of content. It helped them out a lot to get to when they are listening. If you want to learn to grow your online fitness business, I got a free ebook. Could it help you do that? It's called the tank command. It's of all nine trainers. It shouldn't exactly got to grow. You learn a lot of things business. Even if you are a big problem, the ladies are like, good dowel and for free, it will really give you the game. How does business is where you end and how you start getting money like a businessman. Get home.