I am here in my boy, Derek Moneyberg's. Amazing new. What is the media studio podcast studio? Crowds studio, kitchen. Helless. It's an extension of the palace. So you go to the money building. You built this in your garage. And this garage is better than in most people's homes. All right, for sure, objectively crew. And you got the cars in the background and made back the new fan of them. And you got that when you want to be low key. Yeah, the appeal. They don't even know what an LPN is. Normal person, normal person, but the LPN is like the top of the line best best. BMW can buy. I was guessing. Actually, that's the fastest vehicle. Those three, as far as like a sports performance vehicle. Or you might have a big car guy. But as far as sports performance vehicle, that Alpina back there, has got like 631 horsepower 0 to 60 and 3.9. I think. Twin turbo, blah, blah, blah, blah. What kind of fancy? Okay, slew the cars. How much did you spin on this whole studio? It's like turning into the garage. It's what studio. Uh, I'll put a little over 1.3, less than 1.4, 1.3 something. Million. Million. Yeah. All right. What was that so important? Dad, this studio space. Because you haven't done the studio upstairs. What was this important to build this one? It was fun to have a second studio. I was interested in this space in the building. And then it wasn't exactly for sale, but I kind of made it for sale. And then I wanted to renovate it to look like the padless upstairs. You know, that might jam like my combat center, like my other studio. I wanted to have that same look and feel inside. So yeah, when the opportunity came up, I think this is a good time to make that property available for sale. And then purchase it. And then I wanted to redesign it exactly how I wanted to. Is it the first interview? Are we like, kissing in it? Is that? Or it might be the first interview show. It is the first one. Let's go. But it makes a lot of sense for you because you have a lot of high level people. Like around you working with you like top athletes. Well, you know, I found a movie. You gave me a lot of guidance about fitness, nutrition, you know, how to live up to more lifestyle. I think you know, live your best life, man. So I think I got to give a band of Carter credit for that. Yeah, we know each other. I'm 10 years. I think I don't all guess it's going to be 10 years. It's really bad. About 10 years. So a couple months of being 10 years ago, we met. And I was always pretty strong. I was into lifting up some weights and stuff. I was kind of a faddy for a while. And yeah, it's over time. I just wanted to make like, if it's not so cocky to say. I just true, is that that like, well, you're only going to be a life one time, man. So like, why don't we do everything the best we could make it? Yeah. Like, why don't we have the best life you could have? And I thought, well, what would that look like? Like, what would like a superhero, slash supervillian, like, look like, kind of like, well, you know, I should be, I was already smart. I went to, yeah, I didn't start out this way. But I went to the best schools, you wrote in Chicago. I went to university, Chicago for grad school. After you pee in a interior elect youth, you have plenty of little troubles in setbacks. And like, if I went to Chicago for, went to the best business school in a country, best business school in the world. I'm strong. I got body building coaches, helped me with my strength. You know, you felt me with different things of fitness over the years. I got a lot of MMA coaches. They're like, I'm at the top, the top MMA fighters and, you know, to get super practitioners in the world, the whole last year of any qualified nurse and current world champions, former world champions, they come trained with me, so help me out of that. And I just think anything that you could be great at, why not do that, man? So, what would make one person, like objectively a better person? It makes people feel uncomfortable when you say that sometimes. So he thinks he's better than other people. I do. I do think I'm better than other people. So, like, I'm smarter than them. I went through the trouble to make more money than them. I went through the trouble to build better social skills and better social networks. I went through trouble to go work my ass off, to be, you know, strong, be able to beat up some two-hundred fight, like, you know, I went through the trouble to do those things. Um, yeah, do I think I'm better than some way who's like, weak, dumb, with, you wish to listen. I want to be sure, then I was yesterday. I want to be better than over is it broke my version of myself, and I said, every, you should be striving to be better. You know, I'm just going to maximize, you know, everything you've had. That's the cocky version. The way I said that sounds very cocky. Yeah, it's not arrogant because it happens to be true, but it does sound very cocky, but it didn't start off that way, you know? So it started off with, it was, is a child. Um, I didn't have much of shit. And I didn't have much, you know, I had a, a blow-away-over-child to it. And I wanted to make sure I had a way above average adulthood, you know? So I do think it's important to like, um, find the best teachers, the best coaches, the work hard every day, go to bed, better than when you woke up, be a better man, better person, you know? Yeah, and now that you got this boggy zoo, you can interview some of those cobe de zir. Yeah, I have amazing coaches over here every week training with me. Help me a lot with martial arts, help me a lot with my, I strength training, and I'm not trying to be a bodybuilder. I do train like a profiter, you know, you have some strength training in there too, you have to help me with that. But, um, yeah, I had some great bodybuilders to help me, they're, you know, flex, Lewis help me a lot with bodybuilding, my name, Elylis Sorkar, I felt me a lot with bodybuilding. I got an influx, we either helped me with a couple things. And, um, yeah, man, I, I, I, I, I, I helped a lot, and then, you know, the roster MMA fighters, it really helped me a lot of, you know, um, high level skills and, and grappling and striking and, uh, like, literature, good MMA skills, now. Uh, yeah, that's what's up, man. So, you built this studio, right? And you got, you got all these, they trained, what's, what's the plan with the studio? And now you have access to these coaches that you've been working with for years, like, what's the game plan behind it? Because you spent, you, you don't spend, close to two minutes. We would, how much you say two minutes? Now what you said with vehicles, another cost, with the vehicles are not inexpensive, earlier we were staying that number, including vehicles, was, you know, approaching three million, but, uh, you know, just that, just that rules race is about 800,000, and, you know, may box, not give them away, they've had two cheap in the, you know, then so on. So, uh, but yeah, the real estate, I spent, uh, 1.3 something close to 1.8 years, we're gonna come and bring that a plane. Well, I already have a studio, and I thought it was fun to be able to film down here too, some tell you, sometimes gonna use the main studio for that, my mentoring calls, and I thought, I saw this as a, you know, a fun environment to be able to film for, uh, you know, when I want to do interviews and fun little chats, like we're having right now, random chats, and have to use to share with the world, you know? Yeah. First is when I do my mentoring calls for my business, you know, I tend to do that in my studio, and the, the other big studio. Yeah, I had something like that to have, uh, it meeting, you know, like this, but I got a studio where I do, like, my podcast, and YouTube live, but then I got, you know, a smaller, like, more like a office space where I do my mentoring calls, and my meetings and shit like that. Yeah. Well, what are some of the superhero things that you worked on over the years that, uh, I know when I say something like that, there's somebody, very skinny legs, and, uh, and even weaker work ethic, they got money, but rather dead, so that. Yeah. And, um, just remember, man, like the number one thing I hate or hates is themselves, I'm on my way. I just wanted to be, live the best life that I could live. And Brandon's helped me with that quite a lot, I honestly, we helped each other with business, and we helped each other, and mostly you helped me with fitness, helped you with some things on the stock market. I just don't say, man, you helped me make a lot of my business somewhere. I ain't known nothing about investing in business, not marketing it until like you sit down and really coach me. What were some of your superhero goals like growing up, you know, when you're a child, you're like, I want to be more like this. I want to be a better man. How are you thinking about this sort of thing? You know, man, I grew up not far from you, right Chicago on the South Side, right? And, uh, you know, I hope for whatever reason, and they put that school, like right in the hood, you, I ain't gonna tell you, you know, yeah, I'm sure it was the same, uh, same demographic and circumstance, yeah, yeah, and the 1800s when they built this. I'm sure that was their intention. Yeah, I'm sure it was her best. It was made of Americanhood, man. No. Yeah, it was South Side. The reputation is perceived itself. Anyway, it's uh, where me, man, it was, it was, a ground grown up because I grew up on the South Side. I had very low expectations, man. And like you become like the people you're around. And it was kind of like, you know, when I, even when I talk to kids from here now, they're like, they don't think they can grow up and be like, well, can it's successful? And they're not gonna be, and I think, I'm gonna be a hedgehog manager or I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be an angel investor, right? They think it's like, it will not be alive at 30, right? So it was more along those lines. And then what happened was like, I sent away the military school, because I got a little bit troubled, you know, another crazy man, fucking fights, skip school, shootouts, you know, little, this is your normal kid shit. And they sent me in the way to military school. And then I was there, I was like one of the only guy kids from that kind of background. There was some like real rich kids there, like some real rich kids there. And I met them and I would go to became friends with them, I went to their houses. And I said, oh wait, it's another world, it's real. So like one of the main things I wanted to do was just really get some real money, get out the hood, and that was the first time I had motivation. But it was a very important thing that I changed my my surroundings. And then you got to get around people are winning. And this was those kids parents. You know, they were like the first all-wim in some different, no, this is another way. And so maybe I could college. Because it wasn't an ambition, you know? And then I was like, okay, so I started climbing up a school and it was like a fucking 3.8 GPA, I scored pretty high on my SC, SATs, got in a bunch of schools. I had my, I was going to go to the Paul, but I was like, you know, let me just get out of Chicago. You know, and I went to Howard University. And it just, it just put me on different trajectory. And then I was like, I need to get rich. I need to get rich and I need to be like fit. The strongest boss. I want to, I want to look like look like a superhero be able to do athletic shit and be rich. I didn't want to, I didn't want to beat the trade off. I know a lot of people make the trade off. And I didn't want to do that. You know, I wanted, those are the main things I thought about. And so I had that many facets of the self was just aggressive, study, and aggressive learning. And I don't need school, but outside of school reading, masterminds, mentors, and just hitting the gym every day for like 25 years in a row. Yeah. There's June Day of the year. Just 25 years in a row, me. You know, tracking everything I eat. Yeah. Yeah. Just what you just do that you do that you do that you do that you do that you should have two and a half decades may you should make some progress. You know, I think that's an important thing to discuss this. It's okay to have our day shift goals. If you don't have some some lunatic idea that you're going to accomplish this afternoon, overnight. I think that's the biggest mistake people make because the goals are too small. And then they make them a small goals because if they can't imagine themselves doing something quickly, then they don't have the game plan and the motivation. More importantly, the discipline to put in the work day after day, day after day and get things done. So, you know, we're about to get my black belt and to introduce you. Bigger competition. Yeah, the next few months, straight around the corner. And, and that's a black belt and it takes sales. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, it's different. There's different. There's some guy. You know? Well, you know what? Chale Sone and for people to follow martial arts or, you know, UFC, slash MMA, Chale Sone and who's, you know, was excellent fighter and, you know, well, respected, shit talker and, you know, ask kicker. He reached out to me a few months ago. He asked me some advice about options, contracts and how, how, stock market. And, switch at it about that from maybe 15 minutes. And he's like, you know, you still been draining regularly. And like, yeah, of course, he's a Ustilfano at Jake. I see, Jake Shields when we started together and he done my main MMA coach. And, you know, I have, I have, I have Lioto Machito and Glover to share her to help me with my strike him. So they're trading, I trade with you all through all the three you guys once it was intense. It's intense. Yeah, it's intense to me. So I ask Glover and Lioto to, you know, there's, there's are my coaches for, like, for Kempo karate, I'm like halfway to Black Belt and they're a Kempo karate system. Um, but yeah, Jake Shields is my band, my, uh, Jitu, you know, slash grappling coach. And, um, all my belts for grappling for Jitu under Jake. Um, and he said, he's like, wow, that's really something to be proud of. Jial said, he said, you know, George St. Pierre said years ago, Jake Shields is the best MMA Grandplur ever. You know, when I heard that, I thought, is that true? Who's better than Jake Shields? I thought, you know, DME and Maya. So no Jake beat, DME and Maya. I thought of a couple other people. And now he's better than that. He's a, oh, Jake Shields is the best MMA Grandplur ever. He's like, that's really going to accomplish meant to hit your Black Belt, under, you know, I'm saying that's all I wanted to highlight it. You know, because I feel proud about that. Jake's a very good man. He's been doing it. Yeah, very good man, very, very honorable. We've been very consistent together. And we'll let's appoint the no one to get back to is like, um, yeah, that's a lot of, it takes a lot of consistency. You know, when you were here sometime ago, uh, I think in December, my friend, Grace Gracie was here. And you know, Grace was another person who's been, you know, culture meant to work to me and in Giu-Jitsu and MMA. In Grace Gracie said, like, uh, when I got my Brown Belt, as well, you know, I only been training like two and a half years. And I know that's very fast to be promoted to Brown Belt and two and a half years. He said, no, no, no, he said, you did nine years of training into one half years. You didn't train two and a half years. You did nine years of training into one half years. And that's coming from police. This way is Grace. Yeah. So, um, no, I feel like that's the type of work ethic that if you want to have top level to be sold, such a type of work ethic that everything I've been successful at, I took it seriously, like that. Not even seriously, like you're an extremist. Yeah, I've heard of that anytime anytime I say anything about, you know, money or freedom, they use that word. Yeah, yeah, extreme. But it makes us, right? You got extreme results, right? You need to have extreme actions to give extreme results. And I think the way you dove into martial arts is just another reflection in that. Well, you can't be superhero doing, you know, every shit. Yeah. They want to have superhero outcomes. And you're going to have to engage in some superhero behaviors and all that effect. Yeah. So, you know, if you, I would have started like, uh, I, you know, what you and I talked about this earlier, like, I don't have, I say some cocky things once in a while, but for the people that are still here, that weren't turned off by that with your single-digit IQs. For those remaining, like, I'm not a very cocky person in real life. I was like, I don't want to do shit my way. I want to do it the best way. I want to do I want to do things in a way that's going to get the best results. Yeah, also I want to get money. Also, I too wish to get money. Yeah. I get money. Money, I got, get it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's like affirmation. It's like affirmation. Yeah. You money, man. Yeah. Yeah. Mine just turned silent. Yeah. It's smart. I just put my house out of it. So, I have a costume in my underwear. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If you, if you want to have, you know, uncommon results. If you want to have exceptional results, you're going to have to engage in exceptional behaviorism. The people that don't want to do it. The success is not for everyone. It's not. Success is not for everyone. If you want to have exceptional results, you have to engage in exceptional behaviors. Then you have to do that consistently. What if you only engage them in the business habits that you have, where the fitness, or the dietary habits, what if you only do that at times it was convenient or times when you were motivated? Bro, I think I rather you do nothing than do something and consistently. Because at least if you get do nothing, you, you don't give yourself false hope. Right? Or false belief. Right? You can't be, you can't feel like you were cheated or like, like, it's not fair if you know you didn't try. Right? But if you, but if you, but if you were inconsistent with anything, they fuck around and you just enough to fail. Because if you didn't, if you didn't do anything, you didn't even fail. You didn't try. Right? People say, oh, well, some just better than nothing. None of them. Nothing's better than something. Right? You put, put all the effort into some of you could do consistent. When you just fuck around a little bit, you really just do it. Just enough to fail. You know what I'm saying? Not here. Yeah. You said unreasonable goal. If then, you know, fail to live up to that standard, fail to achieve an outcome. Yeah. It is a definition that will make you a failure. Yeah. Exactly. It's funny. I remember you, it was during the pandemic and you were super focused on stock market. Right? So you made a lot of money as a result. And you used to keep saying, listen, I'm going to focus on the stock market. We're in the super opportunity. But when I'm ready, I'm going to get super like then on my fitness. You would tell me that. Yeah. And I believe you. I understood that. I didn't think you were bushed out of the center because I'm like, yeah, man, don't fuck around it to you until you're ready to dive in and be consistent. And then I didn't know you were going to go this hard. You know, I'm saying, but you were that hard. And you've been doing for the like three years plus. Right? So it makes, it makes total sense. That was that's perfect. If you're not going to be consistent because you know, you got another priority, maybe that's fine. We got some else going on. And you did it in that. You know, during that time, when we feel like back at 2020, when the world lost a stay in mind and people acted, obscenely foolish in many ways. Yeah. But these are the best times in the world to make serious money on the stock market when people are panicked and scared and freaked out about really not much. Um, as amazing as amazing opportunities. And you know, I just, I looked at that. It took me, I don't know, you know, I was just 29 when I had a million dollars. And you know, my early 30s, had a few million dollars. I still drive in a Honda. I had a few million dollars. And was driving an old Honda car. People make fun of that sometimes. I had a couple hundred thousand miles on that car. Oh, yeah. You know, I have four point something five million in, you know, net worth. Um, I'd chip to a few things. And I made, uh, you know, over the years, and you put away half a million and a half million and a half million and it adds up. But going in 2011, when that hysteria struck, um, yeah, do you know, 10 point something, 11 million dollars, yeah. And then, you know, in, in less than two years, before the under 2021, I had about 53 million. So I made about 42 million added to my net worth. Well, other people were, you know, hiding under a bed and watching, you know, under news about, uh, you know, with horror movie music and the background, it's supposed to give you the chills. So some of them want to forget about that time. But you know, who you were, you know, who you were with the diaper on your head. I had an under the bed. Um, see how when people are acting absurd and hysterical, I was the best time to make money. Mm-hmm. It was the best time to make money. Yeah. You know, at that time, I was like 300 pounds. I was 30% body fat, 300 pounds. And haters on the internet, you're fat. Why should I, why should I listen to your advice about business? You're fat. My mom don't. I don't mind. I just made 42 million dollars in the past, you know, you're half, but if you want to listen to somebody else or or just do what you've been doing, the happy result just keep doing what you've been doing, man. I keep doing what you're doing. If you're happy with your results, I don't mind. Yeah. But you know, if you want to have a balanced life, you can have a balanced life over time. But when somebody talks to, you know, somebody who's in their 20s, in their 30s, talks about bail. I think that's a dire mistake. It's a huge mistake. You need to extremely unbeil the life in your 20s and 30s. You need to be building your super hero repertoire, like, you know, being smarter than the other man, being harder, working than the other man, you know, building better social networks and relationships. Since your friendship, when I say MSA and networking and like fake network, even creating like fake little relationships, I mean, building like real friendships and alliances and like, you know, a strong warrior or strong general, the king, you know, is the king because it has great alliances and friendships with other people that matter, other powerful people, other intelligent people, other people that contribute to the kingdom, you know. I think those friendships and relationships are important. I think you're building your strength this cool. I think you're building, being able to defend yourself or, you know, kill an attacker who would wish you harm your evil door. Yeah, I think that's a good thing. You know, any of these things, what permutation would, you know, if you were picking the type of man you'd want your daughter to date, it would be a list of those type of things. If you were picking like the type of person you'd want to be your business partner or your like a a strong ally or hunter or her companion in life to go do tough man shit, you like that do it to be like smart or loyal, strong, able to defend himself, probably to be cool if he has some resource, financial resources, social resources, so you got to build the life that you want, you know, you got to build that kind of life and if you don't want to do the work, just go do some normal people shit, that's okay with me, but I wanted to have the best life I could have thought, hey, hey, I'd be dead soon enough, you know, how do we make things as good as possible? And I think you're another person that's been disciplined on your vision to, you know, I know you were 10 years you've been gleamed the whole time, strong, lean, you know, always focused on the the same few principles and the same few goals and enhancing them, so, how man, I don't care about the new trendy thing, I'm going to do, I'm going to do those like timeless success indicators on their build those for the rest of my life, you know? Yeah, I like what you said about bound is being a trap, is a scam. Unless you want to be a regular guy, there's a regular shit. Yeah, then yeah, bounce probably a good. That's cool, man, if you don't mind having like a small house, yeah, big wife, you could be more balanced, but more balance gives you average results, bounce will give you average results, but you know, in the average American, has less than a thousand thousand of income. Yeah, average American is like, you know, closest to 20 pounds of weight, the average American, just it is not really winning on by any metric. Yeah, right now, average man can't have an average woman. An average man can't keep an average woman because the average woman can still even have a relationship or at least some time in attention from an above average man. Yeah, so an average man by definition has to have a notably below average woman. In some of the, some of the most below average men don't have any woman at all. Yeah, so, you know, if you don't mind having like, if you want to be an average man and have like a 25% tile woman and a thousand dollars in your bank account, and what type of kids you want. Four things. Yeah, four A next fifths, thing to actually be here in the other of those circumstances, living with their big mom and this is a mall house. Dang it. You know, damn, indeed, even spam. Oh, you know, I'm saying one public school. Public school. Hey, no, tell them what they teach you there. Nothing, nothing that'll make you successful. That's a fact. Flying, flying, spirit, airlines. Maybe not flying. Yeah, maybe not flying. Yeah, once a year, once a year, when they had taken a different one, they could take a fancy trip once a year as an adult spirit. Maybe maybe a road trip. You just, and a used car. Yeah, it's just like, it that's cool with you. And balances, it's like a great path for that, right? But if you want to stream results, you have a couldn't stream effort. Like that balance it doesn't even happen in the fucking movies, right? Bad man wasn't balanced, right? You know, it was here, but like, you know, it doesn't even happen in the fucking movies. It's too unbelievably. So it's so dumb to the ink that you could have outstanding results without an outstanding effort. Like you say, even in a Hollywood movie, they would never tell such a silly story. He's just so going to be late, but no, no, no, why do I do it? Oh, yeah, I don't pick up on that. They wouldn't believe it. You got to be in extraneous. You could be born in a different galaxy far away. And like, oh, this would be worked hard. But he went and saw it out of mentor. Yeah, the dude looks guy walker with born in a different galaxy far away. But we haven't found a mentor and helped him like, you know, on the path. Yeah, Mrs. She hasn't been important to you, like mentorship. You know what, when I was kid, was truly misguided. I was truly misguided youth. And I didn't have any mentors. I had to go guess and check, you know, because my father wasn't around. My father was, you know, he was busy with an illegal business when I was a child. And then when I was seven, he went to prison for here 15 year prison sentence. So, you know, before he went to prison, he was busy selling and then he went to prison for a long time. So he really wasn't around from my childhood. And my mother was not the best mother. Yeah, you know, she could have been worse, could have been worse. But you know, I didn't, I didn't have like, I had no role model, I had anti-role models, which is useful. I don't, I don't mean to say it, you know, in the environment that I was in, you look around, you'd be like, all right, like, I remember how my parents used to fight when I was a child. They say terrible things to each other and, you know, be violent with each other sometimes. And I thought, like, all right, when I grew up, I'm not going to do that. I don't want to live that, I don't want to treat my woman that way. And I'm not going to accept a woman who would treat me that way, you know. So then you look around as other things happen in the environment. He is there when there's a lot of people that were alcoholic, so you used and broke the relationship. And I was like, all right, that doesn't look like it's going to help me be my best self or accomplish my best goals, you know. So that's, those anti-role models are useful, believe it or not. You're like, yeah, because there's some clear things. You'd be like, all right, like, you know, every substance abuse doesn't look like a wise path forward here. Yeah, so that that's good though. Because there's some people that that becomes successful when they go to a crazy shit, like they're in the ruined the whole life. They don't have the reference points. Yeah. So I don't think that was a totally bread thing. But, you know, when when you're then you're there, I know I'm not doing these few things. I know to never do those things. What the hell should I do? And then when you got to go guess and check like that, that's very painful. Because, you know, even if you're working hard on the wrong things, you can be making your life worse. Yeah, hard works. Not enough. You can work really hard. But if you're doing, if you're making that effort towards the wrong things, you're making things worse. Yeah. And you only got so much hard work. You can put out in your lifetime, you know. So I think it's very important. But it's better to learn from somebody else's mistakes than to go make your own mistakes. You're going to pay one way or the other. You're going to pay for a good mentor. You pay for that by making yourself useful to that person. You might pay what's money. You might pay with your time to make yourself useful to that person and provide a product or service or do something for them to enhance their life substantially. They'll take a more mature point. You want the right direction on occasion. You know. But that's a lot lower price to pay than the price of my cavity or the price of stupidity. And, you know, I want to banish like a bit of my ignorance every day and be a little less ignorant, little more wise when I go to sleep every day. So I understood, you know, I got to go find the best teachers, the best coaches, the best mentors, so it helped me accomplish my goals. Yeah, you know, they say experience the best teacher. But I always think they have to be your experience. Right. You can learn from someone else's experience. Like what I got into the stock market, you had like decades of experience in it already, right? That was into a benefit from your experience without having to go through the same trial in tribulation. It made a lot of money of the result. Yeah, I don't want to put me 30 years of thinking about it in my years of university at the beginning. To me, a lot of books. Yeah, an economic seems and like and I didn't have to do any of that. I could just talk to you. Right. It's like, it's a fucking Tico. It's like it was really a Tico. It is a Tico when you find I think the closest things to like a shortcut. There's no shortcut. There's no shortcut. But the closest thing to a shortcut to accomplish in your goals is find somebody who already did the thing that they want to do. Find somebody who already did that and real life and make yourself useful to that person that they're willing to take a moment of time and to point you on the right direction. Yeah. And you know, they may or may not be nice to you, which shouldn't matter. You know, like if Warren Buffett, I've used this analogy for some time, I think it'd be hilarious and amazing. Like if Warren Buffett, you know, if he had a little nephew or something, that he didn't even like that little shit hit. No, but just theoretically say he took the time to send him a text every day or to send you a text every day with like three bullet points. Even if two of the bullet points were insults, the ban I'm disappointed with you. It would have fucking. You just shit together. Yeah. By the way, take a look at this stock. If you guys send your little daily text with like three bullet points, two of them could be insults. But if the third one was like a new point on the right direction, man, to make your life better. Wouldn't it? I don't think you'd like to hear Warren's input. Yeah. So hey, I'm buying such and such to be. Yeah. Hey, I'm do some research on this. Let me know what you think. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, it's so important to have somebody to point you on the right direction. I think this is the closest thing to to magic, closest thing to cheating that the people that have good coaches and mentors and also have the intellect and work ethic to go do the thing. Or second have the best results. Yeah. How could it be otherwise? Yeah. I've been saying for, you know, sometime now, I have this thought a while going to thought, you know, when somebody's all you say, yeah, I'm going to do this now. They're going to do the going to do the going to do. I was said, you know what? Your results tell the truth about your effort and your intellect. Your results tell the truth about your effort and your intellect. And think about that. I just like, if you were making a hell of an effort and you don't have results, what does that mean? Yeah. You're probably not very smart. You probably have them in doing the right things. Because if you were working really hard, really giving it your all in your results or still poor, then your thinking has got to be off. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What if you were really smart? Where if you're super smart, but you still don't have results? Well, it sounds like you're work ethic has been slagging in those people are not rare. They're everywhere. A lot of smart people that don't do shit. That should be good news for both of those of you that are spark and not. That you don't have to be the smartest person, but if you're willing to work harder than them, if you're smart enough, and you're willing to help work through those high IQ lazy individuals, you can learn a lot better. I will come to them. Yeah. And how is big fun? I kind of focus on my smartest clients like hi-i-q and nerdy people and doesn't piss you off when you see somebody that's dumber than you, getting better results. And they're like, yeah, universally, they understand, you know, like, how do you feel when you see somebody who's not as smart as you burning better results than you are? That universally, that makes people a little, but why do you think they're doing that? How do you think that happens, Mark? Oh, yeah. Yeah, your results tell the truth about your effort and your intellect. That makes a lot of sense. The Bible even says, by their fruits, you should know them. You know what it is, what it is, what was happening right now is really just, you know, the results are like, lagging indicators. It just shows what happened, you know, but like, the lead indicators like tell the future like, well, after you put in on a daily basis after system, you are, right? You know, you really got to figure out what those lead indicators on and think it's like super specific with them and super consistent with them, whatever context it is, right? And the best way to do that is to get, you know, a mentor. And it's the only form of learning that it doesn't fail. Like, we've all read books and didn't do the shit in the book, you know, all of us, you know what I'm saying? Like, I bought courses or programs and maybe I didn't do the shit business, you know what I'm saying? But when you have a mentor, I mean, that's the fucking form of learning that never fails. You know, that's how we all learn math. We, there was a fucking a doll taught us how to fucking do it, who already did it. That's how we all most of us learn to walk. Right? There was some kind of fucking coaching us or somebody coaching us where you want to you're a busking ass in many times. It's the, but you know, you can't, you know, you can't get a book on like how to swim, you know, tell you, you should get into water and you're probably going to get into water with a coach. Yeah, you need a book about your gym suit. Yeah, now you can't read a book about your gym suit and then you can play most. You know, having to act the guy. Yeah. Hey, I read you all me and you understand man, I read this book. I saw some for YouTube videos. So all these YouTube videos, this is podcast. I'm reading it out. You know, I don't think you were like that. You went, Buster, bore you, shut out to Dustin, a Dustin been a decent friend. We did a few talks together and he had a few of some stuff like that. Dustin, bore you a one is or interim belt some years ago. And when he, when I went and held that belt, when he got to his hands on that belt, you know, he says, this is my belt. I earned this paid in, paid in full, paid in blood. And it's not an exaggeration. It's like, the, if you heard the tone of his voice is, you know, the voice of like a pound man, you know, they, she's not being aired in a kayaki. He'd like, you know, I, I work hard and I'm glad for this, you know, literally decades. So, you know, I think that guy, and I insulted him, I'm saying, I think that guy's got like an eighth grade education. I'm not sure that he finished high school. That may not be true, that's my understanding. But, um, which I'm not making fun of him for him, saying, a guy that came from that environment, that guy worked hard, did a hard worker, did a hard worker, and anti-adgrade coaches, you know. Yeah. And, you know, that's the price man. If you want to have like, there was type of results like champion results is like, you know, paid, paid in blood. That you're going to go with whatever is necessary day after day. And, you know, concussion is a bleeding. Yeah. And even, you know, my, my training, you know, I'm not trying to be a UFC champion, but I trained with many UFC champions. And, um, yeah, you know, I have plenty, plenty of soreness, plenty of body aches, you know, a couple of serious injuries that would never be fixed without surgery. Um, but, you know, that, that's what makes those people respect you as you're going to show up. Um, and I created an accountability schedule where my schedule is full. You know, all the 20, 25, my schedules fall here in advance. Sometimes 14, 16 months in advance. I know who my coach is. I know which coach has come in this week, and the next week, and the next week, and I showed up and put them at effort. You know, the first two years is you just get beatups. Some holiday people. And it is not, it don't feel good, you know? They don't feel good for your body. It don't feel good for your ego. But that's what's necessary. If you want to accomplish a higher level goal. And, uh, you know, it's the same thing in business. Like, you know, I'm, I mean, plenty of bad mistakes. This is a child. And then you do guess and check, guess and check and finally, you know, if you're working hard enough, and you will, and to make yourself useful to others, and, you know, pay the price of, uh, mentorship, then, you know, have found good teachers and good coaches that would help me, good mentors, point me on the right direction. And that change my results so much. And I'll be right back. So you need those two things without those two things. There's no notable success of my opinion. If you ever seen anybody be wildly successful, but was lazy and didn't have a good coach for teacher? No. No. No. No. Like, you can't even be lucky that you won't be able to capitalize on you. Like, if a lucky circumstances comes up, you can't capitalize on it without the preparation. I mean, the salty one, some base is good luck. When I say I'm about to do something, say I'll good luck. Then they mean it in the, in the late house at a way. And like, do you think I'm relying on luck to not only relying on skills and hard work and skills? If you're relying on luck as a strategy for your success, this like a lottery, this, I somebody the buys lottery tickets. You're relying on luck for your success. Luck is the last dying wish of those who think success can happen. Well, well said, thanks. You probably thought of that just now. I might have stolen from somewhere. Or I thought of it. I don't know. Let's see. They might have been logged in my subconscious mind for someone else or I've made a made up right before us. Either way, we talk a lot about mentorship, right? In the benefits of it, if somebody wanted to the mentor by you, specifically, similar way, you mentor me with the stock market and your other business stuff, how would they go about it? I think the right way to get a introduction to there is, I don't know if you have time in your schedule. But in the past, there's been a couple times that we've done like web training and so that together, you know, we talk to people in your audience and my audience together. And I should be clear that like, I'm not here to push a lazy person up a mountain. I'm not here to try to, you know, somebody telling me that you're a Derek Derek, I want to meet millions of dollars, but I don't want to do the work. It's success is not for you. It's not for you, bro. So success is not for that type of person. The only type of people that I want to work with is somebody who understands that the like, I always say that my, my perfect client, my target audience, the people that that I work with, there are only people that I work with. I don't take clients that are that are lazy and that are okay with a small home and a big wife and yeah. I don't take those type of clients. It's like, you don't need my help to be mediocre. Yeah. So the right type of person for me to help is somebody who's, who's already doing well in life, they're already doing good at something, but they know they could do even better. They have the quality and like you've had, they have the quality and like I've had, like man, I want to do better. I want to do more. I'm willing to put in the work. I'm eager to put in the work. You know that that work, the right knowledge, and the right effort behind that knowledge is the difference between some average mediocre versus like the best of the best, the top 1%. But and I remember when as popular some years ago, people talk about the the evil 1% you know, the still popular of the election cycle, you know, you should be in the top 1%. That's one, you only got to make like a half a million a year to be in the top 1%. I see. I mean, I mean, if that's all I made, if I made a half a million a month, I'd be pretty depressed, you know. If I only made a half a million a month, I'd be like, I would have to change something imatically. Things fell off immediately, fill off. So now I like to make six figures from my dividend distribution. I like to make, and I don't like to, I do, I do make that, but you know, if I was making less than six figures for my monthly dividends, I'd be like, no, we got to fix something. Something's going to rise. So, you know, the the right type of person for me to help is somebody who's uh, get a minimum has a goal to have a million dollar net worth. You already do a good at something. And you know, there's no free money, there's no easy money. I can show you the most important things that we need to know, but you got to have to put it in the work to earn your spot in the world like any other productive man or woman. Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. It. All right. Yeah. So, you go, if that's you, maybe jump on that free training. If we do. We do want to free training. This is like a it doesn't nothing to be as far as audience. You can make some time to do that with me for my audience. I'm a time to do anything. You want to do your bank or friend to me for a decade. And if there's somebody out there, if we could save some souls, yeah, from poverty, you're me, the algorithm. Yeah. Help them show help show them the path to better days right away. I'll be happy to help somebody like that. If you're willing to help yourself. I so it that's you click that link in description where I just have for the free training. Last time we did this, we had to many people in it. We crashed. So we had to make sure that we were going to run a limit on many people right now. If you see it in the availability, you'll be able to get in. But we got to limit it this time because last two people showed up. This true way, I just went from one platform to the other for the first platform, the earthy crash. We had a tech issue. And you had to switch hundreds of people over from one platform to the other in the middle of our web training. So hey, success is not for everybody. It may or may not be for you as for you to decide, though, this, this little logo on my shirt has choose to conquer. You know, differently I say and that is that you know, success is a lifestyle choice. If you're the type person, this is the willing to pay the price to success. If you're the type person, this willing to work hard and you're smart enough to find good coaches, good mentors, good teachers, who already did the things that you want to do, I'd be happy to help you. It'd be more successful in your financial journey. You know, there's a lot of people on the internet, they say, you know, how we're trading this and drop ships that and this crazy thing. It's the most insane things. Like, I don't do any of that. I do a lot of very boring things. I do boring things that work. I do boring things like show up with a gym lift my weights five times a week. I do boring things like show up over 200 days a year for my MMA training. I do boring things like learn about finance and investments every day of the year for decades of my life. And because I had the discipline to do those things and pay attention to little details, other people don't want to, you know, that helped me make tens of millions of dollars in the stock market. In addition, helped me make over $10 million in real estate. In addition, it helped me make over $15 million to earn your $100 million in entrepreneurial revenue. So, if that's something that you're interested, if you want to learn from somebody who did those things and helped peach one of your mentors, how to do some of those things, I'd be happy to help you. But you got to show up for your own success and be happy to help yourself as well. If you're a type of person, this will end to learn more, so you can earn more. If you're a type person, you know if you knew better, you would do better. Click that link. Click that link. I'll do a new web training with fandom. Make sure we point you in the right direction and help manage some of those ignorant thoughts, help you be a little wiser and in more proficient and accomplishing your biggest and best goals. That's exciting. Click the link in the description right now. If somebody wanted to start walking down a path and they wanted to learn from you how to do it, how would they go about that? Yes, what? Brande's asked me to do a live training for his audience, Tim Mine. We're going to do that on April 28th, 4 p.m. Pacific Time, 7 p.m. Eastern Time. In their training, we're walking you through the 10 most important things. I call the 10 commandments, so well, the 10 things you must do, if you want to create serious wealth in your life. Who's my person to come to that live training? And in my mind, I think of me somebody who's not only in business, but has the kind of work ethic that will allow them to put a work necessary, because any of them will get rich quickly. And somebody will have a lot of work over a consistent amount of time. They'll be able to put in the right work and do it. They'll be with them. They'll be with them. Mark me down that path. So it's not for somebody who's lazy and not for somebody who wants something like the language quick scheme. Somebody must have the real foundation of the good and serious wealth. Yeah. I don't believe in getting rich quick. If it's so easy to get rich quick, if every fool who you know has had a bad work ethic and no knowledge, forget rich quick, put it down in the ready. Yeah. If you could get rich by yourself, you wouldn't have done it already. So don't worry about getting rich quick or get rich slow. But do worry about getting rich. Do worry about creating enough wealth in your life time. You can have whatever silly shit you want. You can have purples thrown to make your purple rolls yours. Yeah. If you don't want to purple rolls, raise it. Get a green one. Get a green one.