In this video, I'm gonna break down everything you need to know to make money as an online trainer. Some of you guys are gonna wanna do this full time, quit your fucking 95. Some of you guys are just gonna wanna do it part time, and that's cool. Over the last few years, I've coached over 15,000 people helping build their own life in this business. Some of them took it, indeed, full time, quit their jobs. Some of them were in college when they started working with me. Never got a job, and they've just been full time online trainers their whole life. Some of them like their job, and they just wanted to make some extra money doing something they love. They'll be clear. I'm not gonna say you anything, everything's gonna be free. There's an ebook that accompanies this video called the Tank and Man's of Online Training. You can download the links in description. It'll shed a little bit more light on what I'm gonna talk about here. You may be saying, watch out listen to you. Well, one, I've helped over 15,000 people build successful online, I've been into businesses, but I actually did it myself. And I was one of the first people to do online training. So it started after my father committed suicide in 2007, right before the global financial collapse. It was the great recession of boy. And I was in a position where I had to take care of my family, and really big as out of this financial hole, it was left, right? You don't get life insurance if you kill yourself. So my dad all he left was a bunch of huge mess. And I was the man at the house, so I had to start taking care of everybody and I had to figure things out. I had four different jobs. I was working like 80 hours a week for about two years. I remember I was reading a book on internet marketing, which was novel at the time. And I thought, what if I can train people online? Because I had been at one of my jobs as a trainer. I've been a trainer since I was 16. And I was like, all right, but how do you do it? And there was no videos like this or how to do it. So that's why I'm making this for you guys. There's no videos, there was no books, there was no training because all of us who started online training back then, we had to invent it. We were a pioneer. Now we have more resources in this way easier and now, and you can make way more money now, and I'm gonna show you how. So check this out. So there's a few things you need in order to become a successful online trainer. You're gonna take a lot of notes. You want to pay attention and take notes. So the first thing we wanted to do marketing, before I get into the marketing, a lot of you make guys maybe thinking, wait a minute, online training is over saturated now. It was easy when you started branding because nobody was doing it. You wanted the first. Yeah, I was one of the first ever to do it. I'm telling you, you don't have to worry about it. Being over saturated for two reasons. One, we got more customers than ever. Check this out. The obesity problem in America is rising. Look, it keeps going up. And childhood obesity keeps going up. You think they're gonna get skinnier when they become adults? No, man, it should just start in the hockey stick, right? Now, what does that mean? More clients, man. We get more clients every day, baby. There's more potential clients than there are online trainers. Believe that. These people's parents are growing some future customers for us. So don't worry about it being over saturated. Now the problem is, if you want to be in person trainer, you can't make a lot of money, right? But this is from Zippercorder, recruiter. The average in person trainer makes about, you know, little over $1,000 a week. I would jump off my fucking roof. If I was making that much $2,000 an hour, that doesn't account for the time you're in the gym, prospecting, or trying to get clients, it's talking about the hour is working. Because a lot of gyms, you have to be the salesperson, too. That's what was my first job when I first worked in the gym. And it's not as effective, right? Online training is more effective. And I'm gonna show you how in this video how you actually train your clients as well. So they get better results than most in person trainers. I'm gonna show you how. But check it out. These are some of the people I've trained over the years. This guy never meant this to do to in person, right? But I helped him lose 140 pounds from online training. This dude, man, you know, he was doing the kiddos, stuff with me, but I look at him and look at the results he made. Couldn't have done it without my help. I never met this kid in person, right? But look at him. This dude right here, his progress man. He lost a ton of weight. I never met these people. This dude right here, it looked 30 days. Like I never met these people to all online training clients. Now check this out. Here's one of the reasons why online training is more is more effective to in person training. In person training focuses almost 100% on the workouts. And that makes sense because that's where you can pay by the hour, much like an escort. I've heard Neema told me that. They focus almost all on the workouts, right? And very little on the diet. But what's gonna get the client the best results? What gets you the most results when it comes to training? Is it working out or is it diet? Dye, everybody knows you can't out train about that. But you can out diet bad training. So what we're gonna do with in person training is focus almost everything on when it reverse this. And focus way more on the diet. And we're still gonna give them workouts. We would've built their form and everything man shut up. All right, we're gonna film much of the diet is right. Cause you can't out train a bad diet, but you can out diet bad training. This is why most online trainers, at least one is I work with get better results for their clients than most in person trainers. Because in person training doesn't give them a fucking workout plan and they definitely don't make sure that they track their macros every day. They're definitely not hitting them up and seeing if they hit their numbers every day. Just just not. So anyway, let me show you this. And we're gonna get into the marketing in a second. Just hold hold your fucking hooches. This is a study done by Duke University and they took a bunch of fat boys. And they said, hey, fat boys, all we want you to do is track your diet in my fitness pal. Everything you eat for three months. In all an average, these motherfuckers lost five pounds. But they didn't give them any diet. Like five pounds and three months is not like exceptional. However, a mad would've got to remember that they did not give them any diet plan. They just told them the track. They just told them the track. They didn't give them the whole diet plan. They didn't give them the workout plan. They said, just track what you eat, fat boy. And they lost weight. So if we give them some plan, it's better than nothing. Which is what these guys decided to give them. Nothing, we should be able to get better results. Let's get back into marketing. It comes in marketing. You've got to stand out. And the way you stand out amongst all the trainers is to find your niche or niche if you are pretentious. niche. Let me ask you question. Let's say you got two doctors. One of the doctors, you can go to them for whatever's wrong. Which you've got. You've got a motherfucker error faction. You get throw and hurt. SCD, whatever you got. You'll help you out. Then another doctor, he's a hard surgeon. All he does is operate on heart. We get paid more. A surgeon, right? Because a surgeon is specialist. Specialist always get paid more. If this guy said, hey man, you know what, man? What you need a heart surgery? Man, I'd do it for you. Man, let me just help this. Let me just put this kid in the cast and then fix this person's ear infection. I'll be right there. Think about it. Imagine if you want to get laced with eye surgery. This is your eye balls. I'm going to show the laser in your eye balls. Would you go to the guy who's helping other a bunch of people with other stuff and he does a little eye surgery? He does a little laser eye surgery on the side. Or do you want to go to the motherfucker who's been only doing laser eye surgery for the past 10, 15 years. You want to go to specialist. Specialist always make more money. Here's another example. This is a New York City diner. Almost all of them are the same. You want to go in there to get thick menus. You can get anything. They specialize in nothing. You get spaghetti, you just meet loaf, or read a steak. Anytime that you can get in is one of my favorite restaurants in New York, STK in Midtown. You're going to pan demic a lot of these joins when out of business. I used to live on Upper West Side, the 72nd, the 72nd and Broadway. All my block that was one of these diners in it. It shut down during the pandemic. I knew to manage it at STK. I was friends with all those guys and he said they were making more money. The whole thing makes more money in general. Specialist always make more money. We think STK specialized. It's right. Steak. So, especially this always makes more money. So, you really need to become a specialist to stand out. So, when you think about your niche, the street you want to consider, you want to consider. Who? You want to market too? What problems you want to help them solve? How are you going to solve that problem? So, the who? You've got to think that you want to focus on training men or women. So, a lot of times when I say this, training is like men, I want to focus on men and women. You can train men and women. That doesn't mean you can market too many and women simultaneously. Let me tell you why. So, check this out. If you didn't know, could you just look at these the other? And know if it's for men and women. Alright, let's take this one. If you didn't know who is the one, could you look at the font, the colors, the names, they pick pretty much the cipher, who is for men and women? Who do you think is for this old-spice men and women? I'll give you a hint. There's a fucking bear taking a bite out of the name. It's probably for men. Check this out. Both of these, the other is I owned by the same company, Proctor and Gamble. There are some artists that know that they can make a deodorant that men and women would like. So what they do is different brand for women and a different brand for men. You got to think your brand. You only got one brand. Who do you want to market to? You want to think about what age group you want to focus on? I'll explain why in a minute. You want to keep it within like a 10 year gap. And then we think of what problem do you want to solve for there? What problem do you want to solve? What you don't want to do is just be a fitness guy or fitness girl. You will not stand out on those circumstances. But what problem do you want to solve? And then you want to think about how do you solve that problem? This is your mechanism. I'll get into what that means in a moment. So for example, when I started making really big money as a online trainer, I focused on men, no daddy, age 25 to 35. Because I was about 25 at the time. Men, age 25 to 35, that's a good demographic. Now, what problem I saw for them, I just wanted to help them get ripped. And I used their language because I knew as a trainer is that they wanted to be muscular with low body fat. That's the only thing that only should I focused on. If you were obese, I wasn't the guy to come. You're going to lose 300 pounds. I'm not the guy to come to. If you wanted to be a fucking pro athlete, I'm not the guy to come to. However, I have trained pro athletes. I've trained guys in in the field, but I didn't market it at, right? I was a specialist, right? I helped young men get ripped. And how I did that initially was intermittent fast in bodybuilding. And then when I went keto, I changed it to keto diet with bodybuilding training. I went to full body workouts later, right? Think about how many trainers are there online? All trainers. Think about all trainers. How many are there? There might be millions. If you think of every asshole, it might be millions. Every asshole with trainer and his body might be millions. You don't want to compete with all those people. It makes you so you don't want to compete with all those people. Because remember, I'm only focusing on men, right? So that's half the population. Boom, I don't have to worry about. But it's not even all men. It's men age 25 to 35, right? So this is like a sliver of this population. Boom, it's only the men who want to get ripped. Now, to be clear, that might be half of this population. And then it's the only ones who wanted to do with bodybuilding training in keto. So now, two things happen. One, I become a specialist. I don't have all these competitions because I'm only focusing on one kind of guy, but one kind of problem. This comes very important. How many people on competing with now? How many trainers even right now can you think of who only focus on helping young men get ripped? With keto and bodybuilding. How many are there? Now, man, this is an important part. When this guy wants to solve this problem and he's down to do with this method. When he finds me, he can't price shop now. Because I'm the only person specializing in this. And the reason you want to have the age to is because the market, and you got to think why this guy wants to get ripped. And it's more psychological stuff that I'm going into. But now, I only make content for this person. Once it's solved, this problem. And I tell him how this method will help him solve that problem. So then I start making content around that. I make content around that. But it's only to this guy who wants to solve this problem. How do you grow all the audience? People have to share your content. That's the only way content grows. But if you're making regular shit, it's not going to penetrate the market. But when this guy wants to solve this problem, sees it. What's he going to do? If it's good content, he's going to what? Share it. Who's he friends with? Who's who are his followers? Same kind of guy with same kind of problem. And then they start sharing. And that's how you grow a following. There's no other tricks. That's how you grow a following. It was just important to have a niche. Every trainer of culture's got to the million dollar mark. They were super clear about their niche. And you got to make sales. Right? How do you sell? Now let's say you don't have a big following. You could just wait until the content grows. But you probably want to start making money now. I'm about to see how you see your secret strategy that you can start getting clients now. But it's in super important way of the niche. We want to do is we call this group hacking. So on Facebook, I know you kids don't like Facebook, but it's still a lot of money to be made there. On Facebook, there are groups where your niche is already a part of. So you don't have to wait to you grow your following. You can start posting this content in these groups. And then what you do is when people engage with that content, you send them DMs. And let me show you what that looks like. Just one of my students Cory Armstrong. He's got a big following now. But he had like almost no following when you joined my program. So what he did is he's group hacking and post this kind of stuff in groups. Right? Now check it out. He posting groups. And he just posted the advice for his niche. What does it mean if that's in group? Because that was part of his niche. And he post how he lost weight while on vacation. We give him some strict strategic ways to do group hacking. Boom. Now check this out. Look at the engagement. Remember at the time, yes, 100,000 followers now by the time he had no followers. Right? Very little followers. Look how that's why he just went to the place where his niche was. Look how many likes he got on this post. Look how many comments. That's important part. Then what he did was he started DMing the people who commented. You know, we teach how to write top E. So it's persuasive. He posts this in the group. Not trying to sell him anything. Right? You won't be spamming. You're just giving advice. All you're doing is giving advice. And then boom. All these people start commenting. He starts commenting back. And next, you know he's sliding into the EMS. And he uses some of our DM scripts. Right? There's another one of our students. The only Chris he posted in a, he's keto low carb. That's his niche. He just posted before and after picked. Boom. Oh, and Chris, man, at the time he had got his Instagram deleted. I don't know what he did, but his Instagram deleted. So he didn't even have social media. All the air was a Facebook page. And he went into this group. Boom. Posted this. Bam, look at all these comments. Starting engaged with these people. Look at all these comments here. Right? Boom. Starting engaged with these people. Look at all these comments. This is a cheat code. This is why you don't need to have a big following. It helps you have a big following. I'm not going to lie to you. But if you have the right niche, then you can just go to where the niche is. Right? And Facebook groups is one of them. From there, what you want to do is you start DMing them. Where you have a conversation with DM, but you don't try to sell them in the DM. You want to jump on a zoom call with them. A zoom sales call. A few reason why sales calls are important. The biggest mistake people make when they do online training is they try to sell from a link in their bio. They might try to sell from a DM. And that's better than leaking a bio. But the easiest way to do it is to jump on a zoom call with these people. Or you might be wondering how much you charge. So let's go. Let's say your goal is $100,000 a month. So this is why you don't sell courses. This is why we do online training and not courses. And because courses, the average course sales for like $50,000. Like I've done research on this. If you want to make $10,000 a month, you have to sell 200 courses. And they have to be new people every month. Because they're not going to keep buying your shit to say people. So that doesn't seem like a bio option. Especially if you don't have a big follow. Most of you are never so 200 or nothing. But if you do online training, check this out. So this is what I teach my students for 16 weeks. You can charge $9.97. You're not going to sell this for a link in your bio. All right, you ain't never click nobody's a link in nobody's bio. I'll spend $1,000. It's just never happened. The higher the price, the more sophisticated the sales making this has to be. You probably didn't buy your car from a link in a bio. You probably went and had to see it in person. This is why we go to Zoom calls. Boom. For monthly, the charge in $2.97. Some of you might be thinking this is a lot of money. But it's really not. So for example, Equinox, it's like 250 per hour. The train was somebody. And they're not even going to help them with their diet. It's $2.50 per hour. And if you see that train in the twice a week, that's $500 a week. If you see that train in three times a week, that's $750 a week. This is a steal. This is way cheaper than person training. And if you're going to do weekly, then you do $80 a week. That check this out. Let's say you had average of 25 clients. 25 clients. And let's say you did all weekly, right? And they're paying you $80 a week. And if you kept average of 25 for 52 weeks, you would make $144,000 a year. And this is easier. And this is recurring. That's why I don't want to keep every client for a year. So I say, I keep an average of 25. This is way more palatable option. Let's look at the goal. Let's say your goal is under K per month. Now we're all not training. Boom, 40 clients is 16 weeks. That gives you $10,000 a month. 33 monthly clients. The price will, I gave you before. Guess you $10,000 a month. And if you want $10,000 a month, you need $31 weekly clients. Now, the truth is this is going to be a mix of this. Right? I just want to give you some idea of how this is recurring too. So it's, so you did a lot easier than the other shit we've talked about selling courses. That's what we're going to get on sales calls too, right? It's me enjoying in Belford. It's one of my mentors. Right? Sales calls have a higher conversion rate. Sales calls build more trust. People feel comfortable buying from someone they talk to face and face. That's the most important part. Sales calls is the easiest way to make a sale. It's more time consuming, but it's the easiest way to make a sale. Right? What do you need is a solid script. You're going to be watching with Wall Street. Remember, you took these guys off the fucking street. And what are you giving? What's all this in the hand? Is that one scene? Why is the sales military book falling clear after the int�. Her name is Melton Evel Christina. for me, get a script from anywhere, but you need a script. Don't try to fucking freestyle to shit. You will fail. If you have a good script, you don't need to be good at sales. I guess to keep remember, Jordan was taking these guys out of the fucking street. Remember, he said that they were fucking dumbasses. He met this guy and this guy was fucking this cousin or something and he met him in a diner or something shit. He gave him a script and now he made Naiballan. Get you a script. Right? You don't need to have to be good if you have a good script. It makes the prospect feel good about buying. That's a Comma Salesie. Now, how do you train the people? How do you train them so they get good results? Here's the thing. Remember that that graph I showed you earlier when they gave these guys, they didn't give them no diet plan, no workout plan. They just told them to track the diet. That's because anything will work. Anything will work. You don't have to be a fucking expert. I've been a trainer for over 25 years and I promise you, you can fucking take any diet plan and any workout plan and grab their average month of full-fuck off the street. And if they follow it, they would give results. I do keto, but you don't have to keto. You can do whatever you want. Everything will work. In fact, this study showed that even nothing works as long as they fucking track. It's the most important part. So what we're going to do is you're going to get them a custom workout plan and a custom diet plan. The main thing you do is accountability. I want my trainer is really, really kind of accountability coach. Your job is to make sure they do it. How do you make sure they do it? Check it out. I don't know why this is a picture of me in the water. That's what I was feeling at the time when I was making these slides. This is what I did when I first started. I set it up. I set up Google Sheets in docs. And what I did was I had my clients input their workouts and their calories. So I gave them a workout plan and a diet plan. But I made them track their workouts and go to school every day and I made them track their calories and put their calories in there and everything. And I message my clients every morning every morning. If they did not input their workouts and they diet, I tell them, hey, asshole, put the shit in the fucking thing. Right? Because I'm a trainer man. I'm a coach. But they did put it in there that, you know, then I will congratulate. My man, let's keep this momentum and let's keep going. And here's the thing, how you train any animal? What do you do? When you catch them doing some right you encourage them. You get them positive reinforcement. Positive reinforcement is how they train fucking dolphins. They catch them doing some right. They give them a fish. Keep repeating their process. They can't even know what fucking dolphins jump it through fire, jump it through hoops, on command. Positive reinforcement is more important than negative reinforcement. You got to catch them doing stuff right to an encouragement than they get a little dopamine in. They want to do it more. And that, he never did encourage them to do better the next day. But you let them know you're on your side. But what's important is if they know someone's keeping them accountable, they know someone's going to fucking hit them up every day. They're going to be more likely to do it. In fact, they want to do it though. They want to do it. That's why they page you. They need someone on that ass. Every day making sure it happens. This is optional. You can schedule a zoom check out, check in call with them once a week. Right? Let me show you how this works. So there's one of my students, co-rhen. He's from Miami. Right? And he was in the Marines. He and I know grows, but he's tough, right? He was in Marines. He's in my fucking veteran. And, you know, he didn't think this would work. When I met him, he was working in Equinox. He wasn't getting paid. He was talking on money. He wanted his basically struggling to make ends meet. He was reluctant to do online training. Because he was a good trainer at Equinox, right? But he was like, man, well what about their form and everything off like hell man? Fuck their form bro. You're not training these motherfuckers for it in Lempia or in the world cup. As long as they fucking doing shit they'll be alright. And if you super concern about it, you can have them film their workouts to send it to you. something is make sure they do something and they track it down. It took the risk, he was like, all right, man, I trust you, Brandon. This is some of his clients. You know, look at this transformation, you guys. Never met him in person, right? He's thinking current, right? And these are just, I just snatch these off current's Instagram, right? But these are people he never fucking met in person. Oh, no, let me show you. So, man, so, to check out what you're concluding at today, I made up to $6,473. How much? $6,473. $6,473. American dollars in one week. Oh, yeah. Yeah, that's a good amount. So, man, green bags. That's year one of him working with me. So, we're gonna do a unit training. You're gonna give them custom workout plans. You're all gonna make them just for them. It's super easy right now, man. You can get AI to give them the workout. You may be thinking, yeah, what do you think it just learned everything online? Yeah, but on, but fucking AI, I ain't gonna make them do it. Are your jobs that make them do it? Tell you, they need the fucking accountability. We ain't got no AI that makes people do shit, yeah. And it's easy to ignore robot. If you live through our last election, you know how many fucking texts I got, that I ignored from each candidate, you can ignore robot, the robot text, right? And the but our main job is accountability. Make sure they do it. And they will get results. Remember that study I showed you, motherfuckers had nothing and got it results, right? And you don't have to be a certified trainer because there's no law saying you gotta be certified to give fucking workout advice or diet advice. You do have to be a certified dietitian if you wanna give advice for people to cure diseases. But we ain't doing that. We help people lose fat, getting a shape. I showed you don't have to have a big follow when you use the group hack and method, right? We've had students who only do that. They said fuck, I'm not building my own follow. I'm just gonna do group hack and cause it's like easier. You don't have to spend any money on ads with this strategy. Now, I do teach students who wanna take the next level how to do ads and all that other stuff. You don't need to. In fact, I don't like my students to do ads until they're making at least $10,000 a month because ads are like gasoline. You wanna have a fire going for your dumb gas on it cause then it blows. You can have a combustion. If you don't have it, you just pour gas on the ground. Gas, smells good, but it ain't, ain't gonna blow up. I hope that was helpful. I tried to break down. I tried to make it as comprehensive as possible. If you want more detail, I'll get the free ebook to tank a man instead of online training to show you exactly how to do that. All right.