Came up around a lot of individuals with heavy game. You know, I lived a lifestyle, a polygamous lifestyle for over a decade. You know, and I just got a lot of information that most of these dudes don't. And I just see women from who they really are, not the facade they try to make you see a man. Tell me more about that. What tell me more about the facade? Man, this is thing I like to say, man. It's called the great female con. So the great female con is this elaborate setup that everyone is running right now. They all know what they all do it. And it's the con to try to make the man believe that she is more valuable and almost in every instance, apples to apples. And just the oranges metric to metric. The man is almost always more valuable than the women. And if he's not, he always has the potential to be more valuable than the women. Because a woman's looks is where she gets her value from. Right. So how can somebody, because looks are destined to fade. How can somebody with an attribute that is destined to go away? Be more valuable than somebody whose attributes can be here in today seven years old. A woman's greatest asset, her greatest value on society is going to go away. So how can she be more valuable than the man whose value is predicated on his competency, which he could have at seven years old. But what I'm saying is this, men put so much value on a woman. Her value is something that always goes away. She has a short window when she has that value. Yet he will be looked at and look at her like she's more valuable. And he will make her look him believe that he's less valuable. Even though he's almost always more valuable. How do women make men think that they are less valuable? By the way, by the way that you treat someone, by the way you make somebody pursue you, by the way you make somebody courts you. Right. The more valuable person should be corded and pursued. What would it look like if a woman gets with me, her life is going to be completely different. My life is going to be more or less to say. You can swap anyone and out for her. My life is still going to be the same. But her life is going to be completely different, completely better. My body so everything. So why would I chase her? Because I don't see my value. I believe she's more valuable to me. That's why I would chase her because why would you trace somebody down to change daylight? If she was smart, if she understood value, if she knew what was good for her, she'd be chasing me because I have more value because I can change her life. She can't say. You give it up saying. Yeah. So you know, because when I was like a little kid, like I'm talking about. Under 10 years old, I thought, you know, like when you're super in, when you first start like being sexually attracted to to the girls, I thought that girls didn't like guys. Like weren't attracted to them because I was like, why else are guys buying flowers? The great female con. Why are they taking them out to deep? The deep. That's the same. That's deep. Think that's when we're attracted to me. That's deep. You see it's a societal program. You know, you because you're seeing it in movies and in TV. Yeah. Isn't that what it looks like that women don't like men because the only way they got to deal with them is if they're getting something financial in retirement. Yeah. Or even like, you know, you know, the fairy tales, you know what I'm saying? Like Prince Charmin, he was running around, running around the whole city. Looking for this up there. Yeah, he was saying this. But it was Prince. Hey, you proved my plan. I say this to say that. It's a program. How does this hurt men? Well, man, I mean, if you don't see your value, I mean, of course, you're going to be hurt. So they end up being in relationships with women who don't really like them. Right. And if a woman doesn't really like you, it comes out in all these ways. That's why your relationships never going to work. You started wrong. She don't really like you. And you had to chase her to get her. Right. So if you had to chase her to get her, how you started how you finished, it's never going to end. Right. How can you chase a woman, which means you're following her, then get what her and tell her, all right, I'm the man. I'm going to leave now. It's not going to work like that. She has to be coming to you from the beginning for it to be that type of mutual respect. So if a man feels like the woman is more valuable, even if she isn't, if he feels like that then that's what it is. You give it up saying. And it's a lot of dudes living quiet lives of desperation because they're in relationship with women who don't really like them like that. The reason that woman is always doing that thing you don't like, because she don't really like you like that. Because a woman who really likes you and loves you dirty drifts when you tell her to stop talking she's going to stop. When you tell you you don't like something she stops. When you tell you you do like something, you ain't got to tell her every single day I want my back rubble. But woman who really likes you, she's going to know what you like. She's going to want to do it. The only reason that she's not going to do a show really like you like that. So you're all the reason she's going to keep running her mouth and irritating you. Because she don't, that's how you treat somebody on really like. And with the woman you don't really like because you chase her because you thought she was more value. And that's what I'm all about man gang guy rule number one is like who likes you, choose who's choosing you. I'm going to give you a story. I was 16. My uncle, he was a big time player, right? You know, and he changed my paradigm. I was living a regular square life. You know, a guy to girlfriend, I'm cheating on her. I'm thinking that's how I supposed to go. My uncle, he come down the street. You know, in a humor back in the day that had her hummus with the, with the ace too. He had the story. He was living back. You know, three girls in the back of girl to the side of him. He had the two-door bands, the four-door bands. He had the old school, he had women rubbing his feet rubbing his back. And they broke my paradigm. He telling these women what it is and what it is and what it is and they didn't win it with a smile on a face. And he looked and happier than all the married people that I know. Right. But I say this to say this, he was like me to the club at 16. And it was this fine little bit. Big time player. Big time player. He was a big time player. He ran a city, big time player. This is a criminal different. I got family. Big time player. You know, shout out flaws. But anyway, doesn't it? Yeah, flaws. Flaw, flaws, flaws, flaws. The boss, please. He won. Honey, you know. He's a tough, flee, every front. He from Oakland. But anyway, so we'll go to the club and I can never forget this change the rest of my life. This incident. Right. It was a bad little fine little light skin, red bone thick thing. All just right, all my tight right. She was dancing under dance. So I'm kind of talking to her. She kind of liked playing games with me. Right. And my uncle, he puts his hand on my shoulder and I never forget. He said, stop looking at that bitch that you won't. And start looking at that funny looking bitch in the corner that's looking at you. Right. And he pointed at this little girl who been looking at me all night. She said, I'm your all night. And he pretty much said he said that. And the woman that you want she going to give you a mother fucking problem. But that girl in the corner, she going to do everything you want her to do. Right. And from there, I shaped my life around that ideology to this day. And my life has been having because I only deal with women who like me a lot. Right. And I feel like most of these dudes, they're chasing the woman that they want not to wonder one thing. And you're chasing something running from you. You're chasing a woman that doesn't really like you. And you're denying the woman who really does. You know, it's like hell, good. And hey, Arnold, you know what I'm saying? Why didn't he want to fuck with that bro? That bro loved him. Right. I've been the one that did everything he wanted her to do. Right. But you would rather get with the girl that don't really like you. And you got a chaser and you got to do this and you got to do that. And you didn't know what all these problems. So you make everything easier when you just deal with the woman who like you. Okay. So the problem is, right. He's talking. Yeah. Oh, it. Most girls don't like most guys. Right. Like if you look at the data, like, I think some like 20% of guys get like 80% of the swipes on dating sites. And all this is I hear what you're saying. I'm a disagree with you there. Okay. Have you ever drove down a street and seen a homeless couple? Yeah, I think some homies. Okay. So if that homeless bum can get a woman. You telling me the average guy I can't get a woman. He may not get the woman he wanted to get, but there's a woman out there on his lower than he likes. Stop shooting above your lead. So every man, there's a woman out there for every man. It may be more for me and you than the average man. But every man out there is a woman who's going to see him like that. He just don't want that one. He's just not looking for it. And that's what I say all the time. Man, you so busy trying to choose a woman. You don't even got your eyes open to even see the woman that's chosen. He's the one that's choosing you. Yeah. So I feel like every dude could find a woman that like I'm like, and if he stepped this game up, of course. And that's what I always get more girls would choose. Yeah, I mean, I do. In my class all the time, they'll come in and they'll be like, you know, I'd be like, well, why don't you feel like you got all the women that you want to have? They'll give me all the answers. And I'll just be like, okay, you said what you said. The reason you don't have the women that you think you have, because you ain't who you think you are. Man, quality is never trying to search for quality. Man, a high value individual is not stressed for women. Like the dudes who have a bunch of women is because he that dude. And if you're not having that is because you're not that. So most of these dudes they had, they don't really see where they are. And that's okay. You ain't got to be the top dude. It's women on your level, but don't shoot above your level. Just catch with you. Stop denying that woman that really wants you, because you want that. That's what she don't want you, because you ain't on her level. You fuck with the one that's on your level. And then I go to say this too, dudes be like, oh well, what if I don't like the one that that like me. Two things you can do either you got to level up or I will say this now. What's wrong with you? Have you ever had a woman who love your dirty drawers that a lot still kill go to jail for you? Do anything for you. And a woman of mine, man, shit, shit, shit break the bank. Shit rob them motherfucking bank for me if it was required. How could you not level woman who love you like that? Who love your dirty drawers? Literally. How could you not like a woman like that? I say it's some wrong with these dudes, man. They got like some steep self-hat, because what better compliment can you play? Pay to yourself and to deal with a woman who every day and every way shows you that you the best thing cooking. And what is deficient in you that allows you to chase a woman who's showing you every day that she don't like nothing about you. That's self-hat to chase somebody who denies you and deny the person who wants you. This self-hat. Yeah. You know, it's like if you choose the woman who likes you, maybe both of y'all will be happy here. Right? You know, because you're the girl. You don't want some girl out of your league to feel like she's selling them. Yeah, exactly. This is always going to be looking for a better. Yeah, it's self-hat. You got such a low estimation of your worth when you see a woman who likes you a lot. You don't even like it because you don't even like yourself like that. See, I like myself so much when a woman like me, man. I'd be like, this week I saw him in comments. You know what I'm saying? You got good taste. You like him. And listen, my dick won't even get hard. I don't care how fine she is. If she don't like me to take you two seconds, you got bad taste. If you can't recognize me, but you can't even get tart off a woman that don't like me. You got poor, Jeff. And I'll care how fine she is. If she don't like me, man, it's some wrong with her brand. So I can't fuck with her. I don't even like her. I love myself that much, but whether that's self-love, come from self-investment, doing to work every day, the wins that I get every day, the self-validation I get for myself because I'm really putting in the work every day. And that's where it really starts.