The world is nothing more than people walking to rooms and talking. It's people walking to their own city and what those words do and regards to impacting someone emotionally, spiritually, makes them want to move, gives them hope they believe they go to the phone. Come on. It's funny because most people I met Louisiana don't speak as eloquently as you. Come on, we're going to be real real real real real real real real real real real real. I'm not saying it's not in there somewhere. They sound like, with the King of the Hill, you're just going to have a ride amount of blood light in country music. I can get there. I've always had a kind of a way of words. No, it was a kind of famous in high school. You know what, eight miles came out? Yeah. So we saw a freestyle rap. I was like, yeah, he ain't got that shit. I'll fuck people. Is that right? I'll ball locker room. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It'll never come out of me again, but I've always been in the fine words. Yeah, very well and placed them. But also I think that the more you read, the more you're easier that gets. You have more things to say. Right. You have more things to say. You were educated on more topics. You know, I spent two hours a day reading or studying. Come on, man. Doing podcast is much like reaching into a bucket, pulling out any topic and needing to not only be able to freestyle on said topic. Yup. But have an opinion that is no one correct and with conviction that you'll stand by. Before I go on any podcast, you know, little way song, best rapper alive. Yeah. I threw my head once or twice. Bring that swag on. Come on, love low name. Oh, yeah. It's from Louisiana. Yeah, New Orleans. Yeah. So I think reading helps a lot. Undoubtably. Yes. You have to end up in the 100%. It's not just your words. It's the cadence. It's the tone. It's the delivery. Yeah. It's the pauses that I think are really important to think about as well. But nothing for more. Most courses or classes on speaking. Like I took a speech class in college, they can only tell you how not to suck. They don't tell you how to be good. They can't give you the it factor. Yeah. And they can tell you how to maybe use less filler words or write not say um like as much. To be good. You got to have a dictionary. You got to have some. You got to have some. You got to be able to bring something. You know what I used to do is I would study speakers who I thought spoke well. Some of the best pauses because I saw were like preachers. Yeah. Yeah. It's true because I got that whole list. Yeah. And you got to think they don't public speaking. They are every Sunday sometimes more services. Yeah. So they get they get more practice than average speakers. And I was studying them and then I came across this one. He didn't he wasn't a preacher or Reverend. But he had a similar cadence and he was less brown. And I was studying less brown and try to mimic his cadence as a nice sense. And the ones I said next to less on the plane I was flying. I was in first class and I was flying to Atlanta from here. I said next to him. He knew I was like, bro, I used to fucking I studied you. So I think if you want to get better to find someone to mimic. And not still you're going to do it your own way. Learn from him. You know, I think a thousand percent. I mean, another thing I'd say about those preachers are also selling. Oh, they're selling for other not only using it to get their message across. They're also selling to you. So by listening to the points that they make and how they conclude into the. And if you get this one, 800 number now. Come on. Jesus gave when he didn't have anything. He gave. So yeah, you know, hate them or love them. You got to respect these televangeless. Oh, man, the tele I was thinking about them. I was so about like, when I was going to shut down my mind. But those guys. Yeah, yeah. Like those guys, that's big business man. Big business. Big sales teams. Big or constrated, you know, thing like whether you think what they're doing is good or not, can't hate the hustle man. Yeah, just something to learn from every. Yeah, if something to learn, I definitely think that preachers will be a great place to look. If you're looking to learn how to speak publicly. Which is oh, and or stand up comedians. Yeah, timing. I've always been amazed by stand up comedians. So, you know, I live in the next arena. And we saw a Drake there and I saw Kevin Hart there. Now, Drake needed all this fucking shit to enter in everybody. Yeah, to have his hits. He had music playing, light shows, all the stuff. Any entertain the whole crowd. Heavenheart, when they entertain the whole saying amount of people would just words. I think about like, I'm thinking about Beyonce, right? But Beyonce, she's got it shows. Back at the end of his changing clothes, flying over the crowd. But then, you know, Dave Chappelle, get entertained to save him out of people. Just talking. You know, and I always think that's so amazing. And I think it takes a whole lot more work. Yeah, because you have to relate to somebody on a very granular level. Yeah. Because what makes things funny is a truth. Especially the more famous you get. Because let's say Kevin Hart, he's more and more famous every year. But he still has to bring himself to a place where he can understand a normal person's like funny things that happen. You know, that humanize him in a way that he can relate to these people. Yeah. It's a hell of a talent man. Yeah. You can speak. You can really change things. Like, you know, that's how our boy take guy. So famous he wants to do it. What is it? What is it? What is it? The world is nothing more than people walking to rooms and talking. And he's right. Yeah. Whether it's Trump standing up at a debate, dude. It's people walking the room. Same words. And what those words do in regards to impacting someone emotionally, spiritually, makes them want to move, gives them hope they believe they go folk. And we turn this bitch around. Let's go. Let's get it.