In this video, I want to break down everything you need to know to start or grow your online fitness business. And when I say online fitness business, I mean online training. How you can train people online and get compensated for it. For money, I'm well suited to teach you this because I started from nothing. And I built a multi-seventh-figure online fitness business. And I've actually taught over 15,000 people how to grow their online fitness business side. I'm a mentor at them and my program had to get trainer. But I'm gonna break this whole thing down for you four free in this video. So this is when you're gonna want to take notes on pay attention. You don't want to mess this up. For even more information, there's a free ebook that's gonna be in the description of this video. Call the 10 Commandments of Online Training. It's the first link in the description. That's gonna break down some of these topics that I'm gonna cover in even more depth. And give you some examples of people who I've coached who done it as well. Right? So you can get even more knowledge on this subject. It's a free ebook, totally free. You can download that in the first link in the description. But let's get into how to grow your online fitness business. It's a lot easier now to start your online fitness business than it was when I started. I started in around 2008, 2009, somewhere in that timeframe. The reason it was so much more difficult than was because it was during the worst recession since the depression. We had record levels of unemployment. The global financial system was collapsing. There were people who were masters to increase actually working at Starbucks. But to make managers worse, right before that, my father committed suicide. And I was in a position where I had to take care of my whole family. I had to take care of my mom, my sister, my grandma, my sister's kid. And I had to help support everyone in the family. But I was just a personal trainer at that time. And those young people, personal trainers don't make a whole lot of money because it's a cap on how much you can actually make. Because personal trainers get paid by the hour. Kind of like an escort. I've heard. And the problem with that is there's only so many hours in each day. So there's actually a real gap on your income because of the time-resorting. But once you go online, then you can start getting paid for results. Yeah, clients will pay you for the results you helped them get as opposed to getting paid for the hour that you worked with them. And I'm going to break down everything in this video. I'm going to show you how to get clients and how to train your clients so they get great results online. Because that's a big thing. A lot of people don't think that you can get results for your clients online without seeing them in person. I'm going to show you how you can actually get better results for your online clients than most people can get for an in-person client. So I was in this predicament. The global financial system had collapsed and I had a dead daddy and I had taken my family but I'm making very little income as a personal trainer. So before I figured it out, I just started getting different jobs. I would wake up at like 4am, train people in the morning, shower, dinner, took the train from us to so-ho and our security for eight hours and after that I worked for my friends movement company. Even though I had a college degree, there weren't a lot of people hiring at the time. In fact, more people were laying off people than they were hiring. That was five days a week and on the weekends I trained people in the morning and then I was a weekend manager at a restaurant in Queens. So these are 12, 14 hour days, seven days a week and I did that for two years. And then I read a book called The Four Hour Work Week. I remember we just packed up somebody's belongings and put them in the moving truck and we were taking them to New Jersey. I know, gross, right? But we were going to New Jersey because people wanted to move there, I guess. It hung away to New Jersey. I was reading this book called The Four Hour Work Week and he was talking about building an online business. I think that. What if I could train people online and help them get results? That way I can actually take this business online. I can make more money and actually help more people. Simon O'Tainsey, which is my main goal is why I got into training because I like helping people but I also need that money. It's a care of my family, right? So the book didn't really break down how to do it. In fact, I don't suggest you read the book because a lot of the strategies in there are antiquated now. However, it got the idea of sparking. Now you gotta remember, this was a novel idea online training back in 08, 09, around that time. Nobody was doing it. The internet in social media was still kind of in this infancy, right? We had Facebook and we had my space and YouTube was kind of just starting to know Instagram was no TikTok. So I couldn't really figure out how to do it. I didn't know how to promote myself. I didn't know how to get clients and I didn't know how to train them to get good results. So first I focused on how to attract people. How to get them good results. And because I was a good trainer, I figured out how to get people great results online and then start to spread in some by word of mouth and I was able to train more people. But I also figured out how to promote myself with social media and it's a lot easier now. And I'll break now how. I was able to start quitting my jobs and I started making more money, more money. I quit one job quit the next job and to the point where I was, I had no jobs and then I can really just focus 100% on this and that's when I built it up to a seven figure business. And I'm about to break down everything you need in order to accomplish that. If you want to be a trainer, all right, soon a lot of you guys want to do it because you want more time. Either you're in the gym now, training people is changing time for money like a hooker. Or you got some job you don't want. You rather have more free time to work from home or spend your time at however you please. But you also want some more money. I know money may not be the only thing people want. However, in my experience having more money makes things easier. You can exchange money for goods and services and the quality of those goods and services are dependent on how much money you can spend on money. Money is a good thing. You can take care of your family is double. You want more money and you like to have more time. However, if all you want to was money, I would say you just say make it a job on Wall Street or something. But we want to do it doing something we love, something we're passionate about. And I think when you spend your time making money, doing something you love, I think that's a great definition of freedom. How do you get that? Well, I'm going to break down something I like to call the online trainer formula. So the first thing you need to know is marketing. How do you get your name out there? How do you get people to know about you? Then you need sales. How do you convert these people to a following you or people who know about you? How do you convert them into actual customers? And then, you need a system to train people to make sure they get results. You need all 380s to be successful. When you're able to market yourself and you're able to make sales, what else have you get the money? For example, you have a system that gives people great results and you're selling people in the system. That's when the passion comes in. And the beauty of doing it online is you can actually help more people. And money is important here too if you care about helping people. If all you wanted to do was help people. You didn't care about money at all. You still need to make money so you can do it full time. But if you got this system that helps people get great results and you're doing it online and using online marketing and you get these clients, that's how you get your time back. Need all 3 of them. It's like a 3-legged stool. If any legs at a stool is fall to your broken and you sit on that stool, you know, you're going to have any stability. So if your sales are great and you're marketing is great, but you don't have a system that gives people great results and you're what a scam artist. You're going to let more people know how much you suck by having good marketing and selling them into a system that doesn't work. If your system is great and your marketing is great, but you can't make sales, well, if you can't make sales, you don't have a business. You have a hobby. Even if you're good at sales and you've got a great system to help people get great results, nobody will know about unless you're marketing in the strong. That's what you need all 3 to make this happen. Now there's different parts to each one of it. So I'm going to break this down. The first part of marketing is having what I call a niche. When I say a niche, I mean, you want to be a specialist. For example, who makes more money? Dr. A, you just a regular doctor, people go to foreign for anything, maybe they got a headache, maybe messed up his foot, right? They go to that doctor. Then you got another doctor who's just a heart surgeon who makes more money. Yeah, a heart surgeon, right? Because he's a specialist. I don't want heart surgery for a doctor who's also working on somebody's foot in the afternoon. Specialist always make more money than generalists. For example, during the pandemic, I lived in Manhattan on Upper West Side, 72nd Broadway. And on my block, there was a dinosaur. In this diner, you can go in there at any time. They stayed open 24 hours and they had a thick menu. You can get anything from that diner. You can get a burrito that makes you some spaghetti or the guillotine mistake. They went out of business during the pandemic. However, one of my favorite restaurants in New York is a STK. What do you think they specialize in? You guessed it. They have other stuff with a specialized instinct. The thing is, man, you couldn't just walk in the STK. You probably needed a reservation. You probably had to call it it. People dressed up to go to STK. I used to go to that diner with basketball shorts flip flops and whatever shirt I slept it. But STK, man, I might put on some nice, man. They're on the jewelry to go up at STK. And they charge money in mainboard. And I'm friends with the manager. He said, man, this pandemic's been the best thing for us. We actually been making more money. What the diner went out of business. Because the diner didn't specialize in anything. New York diners are pretty much the same. It's been the one you've been to them all. But STK is specialized, right? Specialist always make more money than generous. So how do you build your niche? The way I like to think about it is how many trainers do you think they're on? All trainers. Every guy or girl with the word trainer in their bio. Right? How many do you think they are? There's probably millions like multiple millions for sure. Do you want to compete with all trainers? No. No, and that's why you need a niche. Here's how it looks. I like to look at it like, who are you marketing to? What problem are you going to help them solve? And how are you going to help them solve that problem? At one point in my career when I was making a lot of money, I focused on young men, no diddy, that you just 20 to 30. Now, here's the thing. A lot of trainers when I bring this up to a name, like man, I want to train men and women. It doesn't really work like that. Old Spice the owner. Just looking at this, who do you think this is marketed to? Now mind you, there is a wolf biting through the name. You think that's marketed to men or women. It's probably marketed to men. You probably guessed that the drawing of a wild animal biting into the name. But then if we looked at secret deodorant, if we just looked at the packaging, who do you think that's marketed to? Miner women. You're looking at the fun. Look at the colors. Here's the thing. This powdered fresh scent is exactly the same as the old Spice scent called fresh or sport. So almost the same. The ingredients are almost exactly the same. It's made by the same company. The same pair of gummy. Our women's armpits and men's armpits, that much is different than each other. No. But the reason they have two different brands is because thing about it's the word brand. It's the word brand. Just because this product will work for men doesn't mean you can markets it's a man. Women see this and I know hey, this is for me. The language powder fresh. Secret. Look at Easter colors. This got down the order into Easter bunny, would wear. You know, down look at the guys. It's a goddamn wolf biting into the name. Alright. Look at the colors. Look at the fonts. Hey, this fresh is the exact same as this fresh. The smell is indistinguishable. How do I know? Because I got both in my house. The thing is they can't market the same. If you wanted to have the order for men and women, what colors would you use? What fucking gray? Nobody wants that. What font would you use? What would you name it? It's difficult to market the men and women. Especially on a small scale. When you get larger scales, big companies will build in dollar budgets. Coca-Cola can do it. You don't want to be a billion dollar budget. You don't. You just a guy. You want to focus on one gender. Men or women. Now I would say women is going to be difficult if you try to focus on selling the men. And it's not because women can't train men. It's because men aren't mature enough to have a female trainer without trying this Smash. Just won't work. But I have seen men be able to focus on training women. And then you want to have an age group with a 10 year gap. Because we're doing it. Marking it. A guy in his 20s is probably not going to be thinking about life the same way a guy in his 40s is. He's going to have different goals. His aspirations. And he's going to be attracted to different marketing. He might listen to different music. I'm 42. And I'm not listening to what the young kid is listening to. I'm not trying to hear. Little someone so I'm listening to the twist. I want to hear. Little who's yourvert. I'm not going to use my focus on purple hair. Everything is different. We switch age group. That's why I differ at the market to a wide range of people. Now think about what we did right here. There's another reason why I'm important. Okay. I'm only marking in the men. Boom. That's half my competition. Gone. All trainers. But not even all men. Men age 20. The third. The small group of this population. Now our focus is different. Now is less competition already. Right. Now we get to stand out. Now what problem do we want to help them solve? Remember all businesses problem solving. I needed a microphone that I can yell into. So you guys can hear me. But not here. Everything else is going on in the penthouse. And sure solve that problem for me. Business problem. I needed to watch. They will both flex on the haters and stunt on the whole simultaneously. And my friend Richard Meal solved that problem for me. Right. Business problem solve. So what problem do you want to help your clients solve? Now again, if you're a good trainer, you can help anybody with anything. Right. But you need to focus. So I focused on helping men age 20 to 30. Right. I helped them get rid. And I'm going to put quotes on that because I use their language. I know as a trainer. I know that meant they wanted to be muscular with low body fat. So when we focus on this, we exclude everything else. And again, I use their language. If it was girls, I would have said, toned. Right. Even though trainers hate that word, I know when a woman says she want to be toned. Oh, she must more muscularity and lower body fat. But toned. I'm going to use their words because we're marketing into them. So if I'm helping these guys get ripped, these guys don't want to be body built. These guys don't want to be pro athletes. You guys don't even care about being healthy. I'm focusing on these guys. This is the most important part. Like, you know, who are you going to help? And what problem are you going to help themselves? And we're going to not worry about anything else. So I didn't market to obese people. I didn't market the people who wanted to be pro body builders. Didn't market people wanted to be pro athletes. It was all about getting ripped. Now, here's the history of the beauty of it. You got to think, hey, why does a guy age 20 to 30 when it get ripped? Well, here's the thing. His why is probably different than a guy in his 50s. His why is this guy's probably single. He wants to get girls. So that's what my marketing kind of revolved around at that time. So I was making a bunch of YouTube videos and stuff. And I had girls in my video. Not because I was marketing the girls. They get y'all to watch. That was their purpose. They were props for lack of a better work. I mean, they were friends in my own real life, you know, but they would like props. And it worked really good. Now if I was marketing the older guys, I would talk about different things. I'm going to talk about anti aging or longevity. You know, being there for his kids. Like when I talk now about fitness, I talk about how I'm fitting enough to take my son to the trampoline park. Get on the trampoline. I'm running around with the kids while all the other bad days are sitting down on the sidelines. It's looking all fat and tired. You know what I'm saying? I'm not hearing that other kids gather around. I'm out here having fun with all the kids. No drizzy. I got to raise this guy's kids because he fat. That's the cross I got to bear. Anyway, that's what I would talk about if I was marketing the guys my age now. It'd be that I have an energy or being useful. Some like that. With young guys, that's not going to resonate. You got to talk them about getting girls. No, it's very difficult for a guy that age to think about anything else. So this is where it's crazy. I focused on body building style training with the keto diet. Any diet of work, but I focused on ketogenic diet. That was my thing. But you can focus on anything. Now check this out. Remember, there's millions of trainers. How many trainers help men age 20 to 30 get rid of body building in keto? You probably can't think of five who's specializing. We went from millions to less than five. That's how you become a specialist. And that's the niche. And now I break that down more. And I give some examples. A lot of the people who did it with other niches in the ebook that you can download. I'm in the description called the Ten Commandments of Online Training. Then the next part you need is you got to build your social media. At the time, I had to focus on YouTube. If I was starting now, I wouldn't focus on YouTube at all. I would focus 100% on Instagram, because it's easier to grow in this fast at a grow. Instagram and Facebook. Now here's the thing. How do you grow social media? It's only one way to grow. You post content that people like consistently. But we don't want to just grow it full of followers. We want followers who will be potential client. What I teach my students to do is to make content revolve around helping your niche. Accomplish their goals with your method. You don't have to be key to. You don't have to do anything. You don't have to have this niche. I've helped people who are vegans start on life in this business. Built around the vegan diet. I've helped people who help moms. It doesn't matter what the niche is. All the matters is that you have one. Just tons of restaurants. Does Italian restaurants? Asian fusion restaurants. There's Mexican restaurants. They all make money. One is not better than the other. It's the fact that the only restaurants that don't succeed are ones that don't have a niche. Now to grow your following full of people who may be considered customers. You've got to make content that appeals to these people because what's going to happen is you'll make this content. And then people who resonate with this will be attracted to it. They'll find it. It'll start off slow. What happens is when you say if you make some good content, what did they do? They share it. And now here's the thing. People probably have friends that are like themselves. Like you went all your friends probably got similar political beliefs. You're probably in the same thing. You might be with when it goes. Wouldn't get friends right now. And you share that on your Instagram. What happens? Your friends see it there. Like you. It's not only trick to build in social media, but you have to post often. And it has to be good content. And I can't really go into how to make build good content here. But I talk about it more in the free ebook. But I will say you may content based around what your niche is into. And that way you grow it full of people who can be potential customers. What you don't want to do is build content for the people who never be customers. For example, a lot of times we'll have women join our program, HTT. And you know, it'll be like beautiful women right. And they'll have a lot of followers. But it's like all guys who just wanted to see that booty. And then they say, hey, I'm helping ladies train in this like, oh man, I think you got 98% guys. Goosh has started only fans if you really want to make money. But so we have to help them with this. And they have to slowly start building content that they're targeted market. When people who actually be the customers, as opposed to just guys. I see this also with a lot of people online, they'll make content that go viral. But for the world reasons, like they do wacky stuff. Remember when everybody was not everybody. And my friends, remember when people were making those videos, when they were turned the lights off and turning back on and they were wearing their girlfriends clothes. Wacky stuff. 100% of those couples have broken up. All the guys who did that and they had businesses unless your niche was the LGBTQ community. That probably was going to get you no clients. In fact, it probably turned off a lot of potential clients. And that's nothing against the LGBTQ community. Y'all cool. I'm just saying, if that's not your niche, you shouldn't do stuff. They'll build your following for the people who aren't doing it. If that is your niche, then that's cool. Man, it's saying the 90s love whoever you want to love. That's a big key to building social media. But the beauty of it is you don't even need a big following. Because to check this out, we're going to go through some pricing stuff. 25 clients at let's say you cross $80 a week. You may be thinking, hey, that's a lot of money for online training. Who's going to pay that? Well, people do it all the time. In fact, people pay more than that. The average personal trainer charges $100 per hour. So every time you see some guy in the gym, when the trainer, he's probably paying around $100 an hour. And it varies depending on location or geography. And the quality of the gym at Equinox is like $200, sometimes $2.50 an hour. And this person's not even going to help them with their diet. They got to be with him three times a week, at least. So now we're talking about $300 a week. So this is a steal. Or even on the low end, the low is in like crack hit prices for personal training. $50 an hour. You got to see that trainer at least three times a week to get results. Now you can talk about $150 a week. And now he's not even going to help you with the diet. He's going to give you some tips online training. I'm going to show you how you can help your clients with their diet. The most important part, then that even helping you with their charging more and giving you less and inferior product. I'm going to show you why online training is actually better for the client later in this video. But $80 a week. And if you keep an average of 25 or 52 weeks, which is a year, again, someone won't stay with you the whole time. But we're talking about just keeping an average for 52 weeks. That is $1400 a year. That's what a doctor makes. Like, you know, an entry level doctor in some doctor's entry level, right out of a med school. But his thing, you can get a cut no one open and nobody sneezing on you. You didn't have to go to the med school. You didn't have to go to college. It's major in biology. You have to go to school for eight years. Or do a fort two to four year residency before you started making it. 25 clients. Eight hours a week. That's just one price and structure. We're going to some more later in this video. You need millions of followers to get 25 clients? No. Because it's maybe thinking. Remember, there's not a lot of people who went to even do body building. If the ketogenic diet, when I was doing it, when that was my niche. However, the person who did want this, the guy who was a male in this age range, who wanted to get rip and wanted to do body building training in the ketogenic diet, there was no one else to go to. There was no competition. He couldn't price shop. And even if it was another trainer who said, hey, I'll train you with that. I can do it. Who do you want? Do you want the guy who specializes in it? Or do you want the one who said, yeah, I can do it. You know, I haven't been all types of people at all types of things. I can help you too. Yeah. I don't want Lasek is surgery from the doctor who's working on feet earlier that day. I want someone who only does Lasek is a stronger. He can't price shop. But you only need 25. That's a beauty of it. The next step that you need for marketing is paid ads. We're not going to go into that here because I tell my students to only do pay it as once you're making like $10,000 a month. You can make $10,000 a month or six figures. You can do this 25 clients. This is not exactly $10,000 a month. This is closer to $8,000 a month. But you can do this organically. You don't need ads to get 25 clients or 30 clients. We'll get you to somewhere closer to $10,000 a month. You don't need ads for that. You need ads past that. And another reason why I don't like me do ads is because ads are like gasoline. Fire, if you have a fire going, then you pour gas on it. Wappets. Boom. It's blows. But if you just pour gas on the floor, another happens. It smells great. We all love this smell. There's no combustion though. We're going to skip that right here. But I go into it a little bit more in the ebook. Take a man's of online training. Next step is sales. The first part of sales is you got to learn how to book calls. Because here's the pricing structure. Again, we already said weekly. No less than $80 a week. Or you can have them pay monthly. You're going to call that $297 or $300. Or you can charge them or months. Or months. $997. So kind of like the dope game. The more they buy, the cheaper it is. I think it's worse like that in other industries as well. Now we're going for this. A thousand. And this is why we don't have like a link in your bio to buy. And you don't need a website either to make sales. Who that's important. You don't need a website. In fact, no website. No complicated funnels. None of that stuff. Because here's the thing. You ever went on Instagram, click the link in somebody's bio and spent $1,000. I have it. And I'm rich. You know what I'm saying? Like I'm super rich. And I have it then. Because human beings don't behave like that. The price of something changes the sales process. Like you didn't buy your car from a link in a bio. You probably went to the dealership. Because there was a higher price purchase. You would probably have to talk to a real person. You would probably have to see it in person. So we tell our students the book calls. And then we're going to go for that $997. We called it paid in full. You want to go for $1,000 each sale. Most businesses have something like this. We call it a value ladder. Right? So at the top of your ladder, you have your most expensive shit. In the middle of your ladder, you have your your mid tier shit. Close at the bottom, you have your cheap shit. And then we got your free shit. Now, what a lot of people will tell you to do with the online business. And you know, one of my mentors are Russell Branson. Where he teaches is to go up the value ladder. Give him some free. Then you give him some cheap. Then you give him some little more expensive. And you get some little bit more expensive. You see this a lot in business. For example, if you go to a gentleman's club. If you like me, you got a pop in these streets. Maybe you can have a drink. Then you go to the stage. They got that guy in. Come into the stage. I don't know why they all sound like that. I don't know if people with that voice grow up one in the beach. Strip club these days or something about that job. Brings that out of you. She comes to the stage. Boom. You know, I don't know if you're a story about this. I told the story before, but me and my boy Brian, white boy Brian, we went to the strip club. Long time ago. I mean, long time ago. And I mean, so long ago, we go to the strip club. We get in for free because we got it popping in the streets, right? And we get in. We go to the stage. The guy says, and the, Oh, could we do the stage? Just sit in a man. And then his call case and woman, Strud to the stage. She had, you know, cinnamon color hair, presumably that's why her parents were neighbors. And she started, she got to twerk in, right? She come to me, start twerking in front of me. I was thinking, I'm going to give her a dollar. I'm like, it wasn't my type. But Brian was like, man, he's like, oh, yeah. So cinnamon gets off the stage, man. And then she comes straight to Ryan. Why she come to Brian instead of me because it's easier to sell to somebody. You sold to. So cinnamon comes, she, she's boom. She got the dollar. Boom. Then she comes to him. She asked before it danced. She's like, would you like a dance room like Brian? You know, it's cool as he could. So he's trying to stay cool when he's hit. And then she's a dance. Then he gets like two, three dance from Ditchie Axon to go to the fucking to the VIP room. That works in a lot of business. But what we found was that it takes too long with online training to go up the value ladder. It's easy if what you're selling is booty. But if you're selling online training and you're just a person is going to be different. We tell our students, hey, I'm going to give away free stuff and it goes straight to online training. And you can do that. You book a sales call because that sales call actually speeds up the sales process. Fitness business, your value ladder looks like this free. It's like this is your social media shit. Boom. Yeah, your cheap shit would be like an ebook. Your mid-tier shit would be like some program you're selling. And then your highest that thing would be online training. Were you actually worth with the person? Obviously social media. You don't make no money unless you got a big YouTube page. But that takes years. So we're not going to count that. So we think of social media as a promo. And even now, like I make money from my YouTube, but it doesn't even fucking pay for all the equipment in the staff. The average ebook, this research on this average ebook so far about $10. The average program online is about $49, you know, who just called it 50. And then again, like I said online training where we're going for it one for that four months. Boom. 1000. Let's say your goal was $10,000 a month. How many ebooks do we have to sell to make $10,000? Yeah, $1,000 ebooks. If you're watching this, you probably never sold 1,000 of anything online. Remember, this goal is $10,000 per month. And then they're not going to keep buying your same ebooks. So you got to sell 1,000 ebooks to 1,000 new people every month. Look, fuck it. Let's do this. Let's do some programs. How much is that going to make? Oh, it's a little better. 200. But remember, 200 new people every month. Now, 1,000. Ooh, you only need 10. But the beauty of this is remember, it's recurring. So if you get 10 every month for like 3, 4 months or whatever, you don't have to get no new people. Provided you can retain your clients and we'll talk about more. It starts to recur. It becomes easier. Or even if you do a monthly, it just becomes easier to get to that. Hit it as goal because online training is recurring. So it's not new people every month. But to do that, to get someone to give you a thousand dollars, you got to get it on call when you need a system of book calls. It weeds out the people who aren't serious, who maybe aren't a good fit, who aren't in your niche. Like we talked about before, or who just ain't got the money. This is the business, not a charity. We don't can't be trained people online for free. So you need a system to do that so they don't waste your time. Now, once you get on the calls, you need a proven sales script. Now, it'd be too much for me to go over the whole script for you right now. But I'll break down a little bit of it. Mind, you got to done millions of dollars in sales by myself. I built several sales teams that have done eight figures. So I'm going to give you some tips right, but you need to root sales script. Because if you ever seen the wolf of Wall Street, remember he was getting these assholes from off the street. I think he met this guy in the diner. These guys weren't like experts sales people. But he was able to build a hedge fund. So millions, right? Because he'll vote. He gave them all what this script. So this is the scene in the movie where they're all saying the same thing. And they're even him. He's reading from a script. So if you don't have a script, you are just guessing. Making shit up on a fly, wondering why you're not closing sales. Like you need a proven sales script. That's why I give my students actual real sales scripts that have been Battles has been proven. Because remember I've been doing sales in the fitness industry for 25 years. When I was a personal trainer at Bally's total fitness. I actually took my scripts that I've had the whole one for 25 years. And took them to the real wolf of Wall Street. Took them to Jordan Bellford. I paid like 20 grand. It spent the weekend with them. And he went over my scripts with me that I don't want that. I give them my students to make it me better. You need a proven sales script. You need a script. Even if you don't get my script, get a script from someone. Get a script from somewhere. It's going to be better than you just trying to make shit up on a fly. And then you practice that script until it becomes a part of you. So when you're saying it, it doesn't feel like you're reading it. In fact, you shouldn't be reading. You should have memorized this way. You can freestyle a little bit and come back different parts. So you can alter it for your style and for your whoever whatever client you're talking to. But then after a sales script, you need a way to take automatic payments. Because remember, I said that these payments were recurring. So they need, you need a way to set it up. So it's automatically bill every month to your clients. So a big mistake I see people making when they do online training is they're doing it to do zel or cash app. And they got to hit these people up every week or every month for a payment. And it's almost like they got to do a new sales job again. If you have 25 clients paying $8 a week, do you really want to be hunting down 25 people every week? Say hey man, he did payment. He did payment. Wouldn't it be better if you just woke up in the money was there right? So you need a way to set up automatic payments. It's very important. You got to figure that out. Not only is it better for you is more convenient for the customer. I have Netflix. I only watch Netflix when a new Dave should pay. Special comes out. So this is like every other year or some shit. I watch something on Netflix. But I pay him every month. And I don't mind. It's not a whole bunch of money and it just, it just bill. But if I had to send Netflix a cash at every month. That shit would last one month. I assure you. So it's actually more convenient for them as well. So we talked about marketing and sales. Now we got to talk about the system. How do you train people online so they get great results? And this is super critical. This helps everything. Because it the system's rights on it help you with the sales. If you're getting great results, you got a bunch of testimonials. And it'll help you with your marketing to you. You have a bunch of testimonials. When I was doing online training, I literally had hundreds and hundreds of testimonials. When people are helping in shape. To the point where it'd be difficult for someone to talk. Shit about me. And it'd be difficult for someone to come up with any objections. Because one is cheaper than in person training. And there's so many examples of people that it helped. But not only people that help. Remember we talked about the niche earlier. It was people just like them who had the same goal. That's another reason why the niche is having a niche is so strong. Because if I had a bunch of results for all different kinds of people with all different types of goals. When the guy who I was marketing to saw me still just a fitness guy. And he I can price shop with all the other fitness guys. But because it was clear that I specialized in helping people like him accomplish the same goal. I was like that as an expert. So the fact that I demanded a premium seemed reasonable. So that's why I results are so important. But then you have to have the automation and the management of it. So I'm going to break down all of that at once. So here's how I teach my students how to do it now. It's a little different when I first started. It was more primitive. But now the first thing we do is we help our students set up their own app. So imagine we have your app and your clients can download it from the app store. Now here's the thing. You're going to come up with custom workout plan and a custom diet plan. Now you may be thinking man, it's going to take me a long time to do. Remember you got a niche. You help a certain kind of person with a certain kind of problem. So what's going to happen is people start to look similar. Even though it's custom, the workout plans and the diet plans will look similar. You just kind of alter them like this month. I got a bad back. He had a back yard of me right. So you got to instead of bent over rows. He's got to do seated row or something or he fuck his ankle up. He got his ankles broke on the basketball court. So now you got to put him on a leg press instead of having them doing lunges or some shit. Who know? It's going to be easy. If you got the first one because you can work off a template because you got to niche. Everybody's looking to say the niche solves almost all your problems. Same thing with the diet plan. You marketed a certain kind of diet and a certain kind of workout plan too. So now it should look similar because you said, hey, I'm going to give you this kind of workout plan. This is what I specialize in. I have specialized in this type of person. Where is this type of goal with this kind of program? So the fuck is she at all started looking the same after a while. And you alter it. You got one guy. He's allergic to peanuts or some shit. All right, man. You don't put peanut butter in his diet. You replace it with almond butter. This guy. He don't like fish. I mean, I fish his nasty to him. All right, cool man. You replaced it with some chicken. You have to make small alterations because the people look the same. It's another beauty in this. That makes it fast. Right. So my students after they had them. Then they first custom workout plans and first custom diet plans for people. Now they have a template and they just alter it for each person. And it takes them like five minutes to come over and custom workout plan and custom Dipland for people. Because remember, the same type of people would at the same type of goals. If we want to accomplish that goal the same kind of way you've been marketing. It should start being easy after a while to do this. Okay. But that's the thing. They can get a custom diet plan and a custom workout plan off of Chad G.P.T. They can do this right now or they can go read a book or magazine or watch some YouTube videos. But what the magazine will do, what the YouTube videos will do and what Chad G.P.T. won't do is make sure they do it. This is the main thing where selling is accountability. This is what they're really paying for because they can go get a workout plan anywhere. In fact, they've done it before. They get researched but they need someone to make sure they're doing it. They need to be held accountable. That's the main thing with selling because you know, every once in a while somebody says, man, you could just watch YouTube videos. And get another workout. Shut up, loser. Yeah, you can do that. But the YouTube video is not going to make sure you're up fat ass is eating right every day. And the YouTube video is not going to check your macros every day. The YouTube video is not going to keep you accountable. When you have someone keeping you accountable, you're more likely to do the damn thing. Anybody who's a personal trainer know that a lot of their clients just paid them for accountability. With online training, how do we do that? How do we keep them accountable? Well, that's where the app comes in because what that app, you give them the meal plan. You put it in the app. They get the custom workout plan from that and the custom diet plan. They can go and have them and they can see it. But then they have to input as they work out. They're putting it in the app. They're marking their reps in their sets. And as they're eating, they're tracking their diet in the app. Now, here's the thing. The app shows you. You can go in there and see your clients diet and it work out every day in real time. So my students can go on the app and the website version and see what all of their clients had for breakfast and dinner last night. See everyone's macros. See who hit their macros and who didn't. See who didn't eat enough. See who ate too much. See who kept the workout. And then what happens is you can hit them up like, hey, asshole, what happened? Or if you're a nicer person, you were like, hey, so you didn't work out, yes, anybody would happen. What's important is you want to train them with negative reinforcement and positive reinforcement. For example, the way they train dolphins is all positive reinforcement. You can't whip a dolphin if you start sucking up or another one thing. Right? They can't water. Whips don't work on the water. So they give them fish when they do some right. They catch them do some right. They get hit and man's a fish, right? Do that shit again. And then they get another fish. And then dolphins, I learned, oh, when I do this shit, I get fish. And they keep up in the ante to get to the point where dolphins start jumping out of water, jump into fire. I seen a dolphin jump through fire. Like it was all good for fish. Bro, boys. That's how powerful positive reinforcement is. So when you catch your clients doing something right, then you say, hey, man, you're a good job on him. You're macros yesterday. Let's keep that up today. Oh, great job on keeping your on a workout yesterday. Keep it up. So you want to give him positive reinforcement and negative reinforcement. That's accountability because they get trained to do the things. It's correct. When there were like no apps and I was doing online training, I was using like Google Docs. And shit, but I can still see in real time, I'll tell my clients, hey, I want you to mark what you ate in this Google She everyday. And then I had formulas and stuff. So to break down their fats, protein, carbohydrates, formulas and a spreadsheet. And I can see every day what I noticed was when I was tracking their diet in real time, making sure they hit their diet. And they got better results than my in person clients. Because the in person trainer, he's not doing that everyday. He can't tell you his clients macros every day. He can't tell you his clients caloric intake every day. But he has the thing, that's the most important part because in person training, we put all the emphasis on the actual training and only a little bit of emphasis on the diet. But what's more important? The diet of the training, the diet of the sport. You can't out train a bad diet, but you can't out diet bad training. So when people hear about online training like what about correcting the food, what about correcting my client's form? You'll shut up, man. As long as they do that shit halfway, decent, they'll be high. You take any ass hole off the street. You say, man, just do push-ups and pull-ups. You know, getting some kind of shape. If it's diet is right. It's different if you're training pro athletes. Like, I've trained pro athletes. We got to be more sophisticated. It's different if you're trading people who want to be pro bodybuilders. You got to be more sophisticated. But if you're just training regular guys and girls, which you are, less than 1% of the population are pro athletes. Chill out. With online training, we flipped this. And now we're putting most of the emphasis on the actual diet. You're going to make sure they do the training, but the form is not perfect. We're not going to fucking lose our shit about it. If form is a huge concern of yours, then you know, you could have your clients record some of the form you can correct it. And you could have videos and stuff in the app to show them correct form. The diet is the most important. You've seen guys in the gym every fucking day, sweating like a horror and church. Really trained and hard. Well, fuck, look at the same after a year. Why? Because it's diet. I've worked in some of the vegetarians in America. And I've seen fat or robes in the structure. This motherfuckers job was cardio. Quite literally. His job was cardio, but he's still fat and never lost weight. Why? Because you can't out train a bad diet. But you can't out diet bad training. In fact, I've helped people lose weight without doing any training at all. We just focus on the diet. Like big old beast motherfuckers. One of them will tell you to run a mile. 300 pounds. Yeah, man. I want you to run a mile today, man. Fuck up his ankles, man. But we focus on the diet. The gutters wait to some more manageable. This same guy lost 75 pounds, 75 days without working out. We just put him in a deep, caloric deficit. But we had to track that. For it to happen. This is why I truly believe online training is a better product for your clients than in person training because of this. And even if you do in person training, you need a way to incorporate this to your in person clients. If you care about getting them in great results, you have to track the diet. Unless, of course, you don't want them to get results. Because there's some trainers who have nefarious intentions. You ever see the trainers parade in their client around the gym. And he's doing goofy ass exercise. Those are something that you see him doing. One arm cable rolls on a stability ball. Why is he doing on his wacky shit? Because that's his retention mechanism to confuse them. He feels like, oh, this guy doesn't believe he can do it without me then I can retain them. And it's true, I guess. But you could retain them with accountability too. Because he knows he's not going to track his diet on his own. And he's like, keep your clients by getting them results. But what you get these results is going to help you with your marketing. Because then you could just market their results. It's going to help you with your sales. You're trying to accomplish this goal. Here's 50 other people just like you will help accomplish that. And it becomes a snowball effect. And it helps you retain your clients too because they add accountability. And especially if you're positively green and forcing that accountability, then they start to just like the dolphins, they get to the point where they start to enjoy eating right. But they're not going to do it out to you. And if they do leave, you got to have great results. Cool. Fine. It'll be easier to get new clients because you got them great results. Now you got to test them only. This is the best way. So even if an in person trainer, you need to incorporate at least this part of it into your training. In fact, we've had some students who were Jim owners who joined my HTT program and all we had to do was add this to their clients like upsell to their current clients. The current members. And these guys started immediately starting making an extra $100,000 a month. And because their clients knew they needed it. And then the whole gym started making more money because they started getting better with your results and they can market those results to the gym. Everybody wins when your clients win. This is a guy said, if you want to know more about this, I got a free ebook called the Tank Commandments of Online Training. The link is in the description and check it out, man. You could learn more about it. You could also see some case studies. A lot of my students had no experience. Some of them had a lot of experience. Some of them had no experience. Some of them were certified. Some of them had big following. Some of them had no following. Like almost zero following. The one guy had 100 followers on Instagram. And he's followed the tactics that I laid out in my program. He started making over $10,000 a month. It takes a lot of work. It's not a gear rich quick scheme on beyond. It's what you really have to care about helping people accomplish their goals. You have to love fitness. You have to really help them. And this is the only way to help them is with the accountability. Selling them an ebook. They're not going to read that shit. Most people buy ebooks don't read them. Actually coaching them will help them accomplish their goals more than anything. And in fact, here's a study from Duke University. And it just showed that people when they tracked their diet. Even if they weren't given a specific diet plan, just told the track what they eat. These people lost weight. They had these people tracked their diet for three months. This blue line to people who also had a coach, but they still continue to lose weight because they built better habits because they had what they had that accountability. They had that positive reinforcement. And they built what habits. This is the best way to help people. And this is Duke University saying, oh, you have to do a track your diet. You don't even have to be a great trainer. Because we're really selling accountability. This why you can do it without experience. Now I show my students how to give good diet plans in good workout plans. But this study shows that the plan doesn't even have to be good. It just shows that they have to have a plan and they'll lose weight. But they'll lose weight and keep it off if they have somebody bringing force in that plan. If you want to learn more about how to grow this business and actually help people come to their goals because there's no better feeling than that. Helping people lose weight. That's how I got into it. I got addicted to that. It changes people's personality. It's very fulfilling. But you can make a lot of money. If you want to learn more about that, I have a free book of the Tech Mams of Online Training, Link in the description. Check that out.