In this video, I want to show you guys how you can build some good habits and replace the bad habits that have been messing up your life. A lot of you guys have really bad habits. Some of them just borderline disgusting habits. And you want to break these habits, you want to replace these with good habits that will help propel you towards the next level. Help you achieve your goals. In this video, I want to break down how you can do that. Now, I'm well suited to tell you guys how to build good habits because my habits have been the main reason. I've been able to get in great shape, build successful businesses, maintain a great relationship with my girlfriend, really live the life of my dreams, but it's all about the habits. I want to break that down for you today, so you can start building some good habits. So you can make some of yourself, fine. All right. Let's get into it. All right. So the big home in Aristotle, once said, we are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit. He was talking about building habits. It's very important. Now, the reason it's difficult for people to build good habits is because there's actually a biological reason. You're brain uses a tremendous amount of energy at rest. Your brain uses 20% of your body's energy at rest when it's doing nothing. But it's only 5% of your body's mass. And because your brain uses so much energy. And when you're thinking, it's even more labor intensive. When you're thinking you're working hard at something, your brain's going to use significantly more energy. I've raised one step, chest players burned something like a thousand calories, sitting in steel, playing chess because they're thinking so much. Your brain consumes and utilizes a tremendous amount of energy. And it wants to conserve as much energy as possible. There's a part of your brain called the cerebellum. And this is the section of your brain that controls complex functions. And when you're trying to build a habit, get cerebellum is working. But the problem is, get cerebellum uses the most amount of energy. Well, it's one of the parts of your brain that uses the most amount of energy. When you build it habits, you're using a cerebellum. Yes, cerebellum is using the most energy. But your brain wants to conserve as much energy as possible. This is one of the reasons why build a new habit is hard. It's more labor intensive on your brain. You want to need a tremendous amount of discipline and push through this part. When you perform a new action, it's happening in the cerebellum, right? Do it the energy intensive part. Over time, it moves to a part of your brain called the basil ganglia. The basil ganglia is a part of your brain that manages automatic functions. Once you build the habit, it actually moves into your basil ganglia. And once it's in that part of your brain does not use a lot of energy at all. That's when it becomes autopilot and you don't need as much energy to perform the thing. First, it has to make it through your fucking cerebellum, then it moves into your basil ganglia. And once it's there, it uses way less energy because now it's a habit. But this is why it's difficult to build new habits in a hard to break old habits. Build a new habit, utilize your cerebellum, which is energy intensive and old habits, utilize your basil ganglia, which don't use much energy at all. Right? So it's easier to keep doing the thing you've been doing. Problem is, most of y'all got these bad habits all up in your basil ganglia. It's easier for the durianship. Easy to do them bitch habits. You become what I like to call a basil ganglia bitch. The worst kind of bitch. You need to have enough discipline to do the thing for a certain amount of time until it moves into your basil ganglia. Now you've got the delpshitting your basil ganglia. We in the basil gang, man. Don't end up the basil gang. I, and um, and that's why people see some of the things that I do. They see me tracking on my macros, tracking my water and take waking up early, performing all these different actions, and they like man, Brandon's so disciplined. One of my boys, the other day, he said, Brandon's one of the most disciplined people I know. And this doesn't feel like that to me, because these things are habits now. It'd be difficult for me now to just put anything in my mouth like a whore or your mom. Because my basil ganglia already got me tracking my macros. Why am my food and putting in my fitness palace? Like it's easy to me. Like I was at dinner with my girl and some other people and they saw me break out the scale at the restaurant like a psycho to weigh my food. And she was like, man, it takes a lot of discipline. I'm thinking, uh, 10, 12 years ago took a lot of discipline. It's fucking out of pilot now. It's like brushing your teeth. When the kids start brushing his teeth, it says you've got a fucking make this mother fucking do it sometimes. You know, you got to make sure to brush their teeth and make sure they bathe that shit. But once you become a dog, most of y'all have hygiene in your basil ganglia. It'd be difficult for you to leave your house without brushing your teeth. There are exceptions. I see some y'all in public. And that's that one is you only need enough discipline to build the habit. Because it's only difficult when you fucking with that Sarah Bellum shit. People saying, yo, it takes 21 days to make that to build a habit. There's more literature I've read that suggests it may take longer. It really depends on what the habit is. The truth is it doesn't matter on long it takes, right? If it's worth doing, you're going to do it for a long and take until you get there, right? But you just need enough discipline to the becomes autopilot. So that's that one. The next thing you got to make sure you pick good habits. Let me show you what it's important. I'm going to pull up the study where it shows that when people are trying to do a lot of things simultaneously, that are labor intensive, it says it leaves the person depleted. And it makes them unable to engage in subsequent rounds of regulation. Meaning if you're trying to do a bunch of shit at one time, if you're trying to build a bunch of new habits or do anything difficult, simultaneously, things will suffer. So you want to really focus on the few things that are important. But you can't focus on the bullshit habits. So I see a lot of shit online, like yo man, make your bed journal, gratitude journal, no fat. I don't give much credence to any of those things because as they may have some benefit, like what goal are they helping you accomplish? I think you should really focus, especially initially, on habits that will help you accomplish whatever goal you have. If it's you want to get in shape, it'll matter if you fucking make your bed or not. I thought you really need to burn more calories in your consume if you want to lose fat. So you need to focus on your diet. It doesn't matter if you fucking jerk off or not. If you burn more calories in your consume, you will lose weight. If you want to make money, hey, you got to fucking work more, maybe it doesn't matter if you fucking make your bed. If you've got to gratitude journal, if you burn sage around the house, we want to focus on the things that are important. All right. So I don't give a lot of credence to a lot of the self-help Instagram shit. Most of it's not really focused on the compulsion to go. I'm not saying making your bed is a bad thing. But I'm super fucking a rich bro. Like no bullshit. I got a lot of money. And I have not made a bed and I don't know man. We might be on year fucking seven or eight. Me not making a bed. Me the dollar's bro. I'm living the life of your dreams. I'm definitely not no fat. That's it is the equivalent of a strategy for guys. Maybe you have some benefits, you know. But no fat being going to help me make no money. And we're going to get in shape. So whatever, it doesn't matter if you fucking masturbator and not. Don't focus on the bullshit. We need to get super clear. The habits you build need to be the habits that will help you accomplish your goal. We need to really narrow down. What are the things that will help me accomplish that goal? I want you to think about what your goal is or goals, right? Because remember, according to the study, if you're trying to do a bunch of things that once at our labor intensive, it's going to be difficult for you to do any of them well. So we need to really focus our efforts on the important shit. So think about, hey, what's the one thing that if I did it, it would make everything else easier or unnecessary. If you're trying to get in shape, hey, the one thing you need to do is probably start tracking it, get the calendar. You burn more calories and consume. It doesn't matter if you fucking make it bad, it doesn't matter what your horsecopes is, it doesn't matter if you fucking journal that day if you took a cold shower or none of that shit matters. As you only, you start each day with a full tank of discipline. But the more you use your discipline each day, the less you have, right? This is why at the end of the day, all you want to do is smoke weed and play video games where you want to unwind or simply because you love you out of discipline. You used it all, trying that the jack off and writing your gratitude journal, then I ain't going to help you accomplish your goal. Now, I'm not saying you can't do that shit, do that shit after you get some fucking bread and you can't use stop being fat. Then you can start doing the auxiliary shit, burn his say, his in reading your horsecopes, right? But you don't want to waste the discipline you have on shit that's not really moving you forward. So you got to make sure you picked the right habits. Once you got that shit in your basil ganglia, what's that shit fucking with the basil gang? Then you could do some other shit in get Sarah Bellum, but if you fuck, I got to make my bit. I got to do a graduate journal. I got to pray to the sun every morning or whatever the fuck, man. You wasting your discipline on shit that's really not going to help you accomplish your goal. Because how you do everything is not how you do anything is fucking that's fucking bullshit. I know guys who are in amazing shape, poorest fuck. I know guys who are fucking super rich, fat as fuck. You need to figure out what's important you focus on the building the habits that will help you accomplish those goals. The next thing is don't focus on breaking bad habits. I know the sounds counterintuitive, but what you need to do instead of focusing on bad habits, go all in on these good habits you build. You're trying to build once you picked out the ones that are important and pack your calendar with and crowd out so you don't have time to do no bullshit. Listen, I got a lot of vices guys and the way I mitigate that and make sure it's not a problem is my calendar. So I can check about check on my calendar. Like every day is packed, every hour of every day. There's literally no time for a bullshit. Like this is my calendar today. You see this literally no white space for 30 a.m. up and then it's just there was no white space today. That's not white space. That's just the color. That's that's that's what I'm doing right now. There's no white space on this sheet. So when I started packing my calendar, which shit that will help me accomplish my goals, guess what? It was no time for vices. I didn't even have to try and then once you're not doing those things for a long time, it's like anything else. They start to leave your base okay, and become difficult for you to do it. Those of you who ever played an instrument and you fucking stop playing for a few months, what happened? Yeah, you kind of suck again. Or those who ever learned a language and you stop speaking it, oh you kind of suck again. I'd be way better speaking Spanish when I was managing this barbecue restaurant in Queens because I had to talk to the servers in the cooks. Like, like, oh break, what the face of, right? And I was speaking the Spanish these motherfuckers and they couldn't speak English to me. So they were talking me in Spanish and I had to decode that shit. I could speak conversationaly. We could we could understand each other. Oh man, I kind of suck at speaking Spanish. I'm not that. Oh, your oblar un biquito. Ask Spanish. Oh, because I don't be speaking it, right? It left my basil ganglita. That's what's going to happen with your bad habits. Once you crowd them out with shit that help you come to your go, you really crowd it out. Then you won't have no time to fucking be out here doing all the bullshit doing all that fuck shit he was doing before. This is my biggest problem with like no fap right? You're like, mother's a home man. You got to not jack off. You're like, motherfucker, you and it gets got time to sit around playing with yourself. You think it should be out here getting money. Man, how do I stop playing video games? They could do something else, right? You don't even have to break bad habits. Just feel it get time up with shit that help you accomplish your goals. If you do that for long enough, that shit would be out of your basil ganglita, man. Right? If you sit around bored, of course you're going to want to smoke weed. And then the last thing you need to do is super important is you have to draw a line in the same. A lot of times people try to ease their way out of a bad habit or ease their way into a good habit. I'm trying to stop smoking right in there like smoke a little less these days. I don't even fucking like when people say try to me. Somebody said it today. There was like, yo, I'm trying to post every day. I'm saying, you doing what? He said, I'm trying to post what? It was on one of my coaching calls. So my students is like, listen man, you must be new here. We don't use that. We don't use that profanity around this motherfucking. We don't say try around and we ain't try babies. We're going to do it or we not. You fucking try baby. Cut it out. I used to smoke cigarettes. I smoke cigarettes from age 14 to like maybe 32 and I really like smoke a cigarette. Man, I was like, you know what? I should quit this one day because this should be killing people. People started to know me online and everyone's who I want them. My fans with catch me smoking and I'll be like, ah. And my family, we are super hard to kill. Everybody lives to be in their 90s. He's my focus. He's drink. They smoke cigarettes. Some of them smoke crack. And they live to be in their 90s. No bullshit. We are difficult to kill. We all die of old age or gun violence. Not everybody who fucking smoke cigarettes gets cancer right. You got to have the cancer gene and that's something that activates it. I was like, that's it. You want to affect me because after they get in my family smoke. Zero effect. When y'all were catch me smoking, I knew that some of you motherfucking's do what I say or do what I do. I don't want this kid to start smoking because he saw me and he fuck around and die and I played a role. And so I stopped smoking for y'all. You're welcome. And I was legit addicted. Because I was smoking for like 15 years, 16 years. I just quit. It was super difficult at first. But again, everything is difficult. I first got to remember that habit. It was in my basil ganglia. And the nicotine is addictive. And it was difficult. But then I just got used to it. So it's moderation is more difficult than abstinence. The reason it was easy, easier for me because I just drew a line in the sand said, I just don't do this no more. Now I don't smoke no more. I didn't say I'm trying to quit smoking. I said, now I don't smoke no more. And I just didn't do it. It was super hard. Like it was it was definitely difficult. I'm not I'm not trying to downplay addiction. My cousin did the same shit man. He was smoking crack. He was smoking fucking crack man. I was young when he stopped quit smoking crack. It was either the time he had got fucking shot six times or the time he got kidnapped. I don't know. One of those was the turn in point. And he just stopped cold turkey man. He didn't draw the fucking weaning himself off crack. Okay? He just quit smoking crack one day. He's doing great now. He's got his own business. He's got a beautiful family. You know what I'm saying? They're just trying to kill him no more. He's doing great. But he just quit. But it's important. He made that straight up. Mine is him not doing it more. And then even with the good habits. You got to remember you got to crowd out the bad habits. Sorry. I don't do that anymore. And you got to replace those with good habits. And you got to go all in like be be consistent. Rufusly consistent. Because the reason people lack consistency when they're trying to build a new habit or trying to do something is because they accept and consistency. I've seen this a lot because I've been in fitness industry. They'll be doing good for their die for two weeks or maybe even a month. And it was like, my deserve this. I deserve the quit. And it's like, fuck you dumb. You fucking dipshit. And they think they're taking a break. What it really happens is you quit and you have to restart. You don't think about it like that. Would you have to restart? And that's what happened to you. You went on vacation or something. And what happened? You stopped fucking with your diet and then you never got back on it. I know that story like the back of my hand. And motherfuckers going vacation. They stopped. They don't work out or they have to travel somewhere and they never get back on point. I was talking to one of my clients. Right. He was like, man, I was so good man for like a whole year. I was tracking my macros. And then man, you know, the travel and like the travel. And he's like, yeah, I went on this one trip. And I was eating everything and then when I came back, I just I just felt like I didn't get back on. I was like, yeah, because you fucking quit for a week. I want you to think of something like a rocket ship. Build a new habit is like a rocket ship. When those rocket ships, those all have these two big fuel tanks on the side, right? Those fuel tanks are full of fuel. And they need all that fuel to get out the atmosphere. Once it's out the atmosphere, they can start the coast. But however, you motherfuckers get out the atmosphere or you get you close to being out the atmosphere. And then you quit. Now you got to start over from ground. So starting as the hardest part, you motherfuckers have to do the hardest part over and over again. No fucking moderation. Be a fucking extremist. Extremists get all the success. You cannot take breaks. Like, I don't even believe me taking breaks. I don't really believe in fucking. She days anymore. Because I just think she days turning the cheat weekends. I think this is too many times I've been in the fucking fitness industry over 25 years. I've been a person trying to throw over 25 years. My focus will take a cheat day. I mean, almost always my fucks the end up doing cheat weekends. And then next thing you know, they just fucked the diet. Last year I invited three cheat meals. One of them on Jesus' birthday. And that goes well, not even just diet. You can't be out here to cheat knowing you fucking girl and shit. You want some more? Right? Whatever habit you've been building, you can't deviate from this. You gotta be fucking focused. But it makes it easier if you just don't do that. No. Like, I'm not tempted to drink. I'd be with the homeies. I'd be dinners. People are drinking all time. I'm not even tempted. I just don't do that anymore. But if I drink sometimes, I would want to drink. If you follow those tips, you'll be a little bit weird compared to other people. Extreme results come from extreme actions. Right? You've gotta be extremists. And extreme is if you want to get extreme results. You're going to be a regular guy doing regular shit. Like, all these other motherfuckers in the be fucking bound is be average. You know, be moderate. That's what the average naked does. Many of these, the things in moderation, the average average. average American has less than $1,000 in the bank account. The average American is 17 pounds overweight. Fat losers bro. Did you really want to be like these people? Now, we want to stand out against these people. So we gotta be different. All right? Listen, if you want to know some of the habits, I think you should build. I have a whole another video on, I built a tier list of the best habits and the fucking worst habits. All right, go check that video right now.