In this video, I want to show you how you could be more productive than ever. Get way more done without having to sacrifice your family, without having to sacrifice your health, without having to sacrifice the things that are important to you. Any asshole can just work, let his fitness go to shit while his wife is cheating on him. And his kids, hey, that doesn't take skill. And he dick-y it can do that. Well, we're going to talk about his time management so you can actually manage all the areas in life and excel in each of them. And I'm well suited to show you how to do that because not only am I a father, not only do I have a great relationship with my girlfriend, I have tons of amazing friends, great relationship with my family, but I was able to do that and make meal his dollars simultaneously. And I'm going to show you how to do that in this video. Now here's the thing. When it comes to time management, we got to remember there are four quadrants of life. There is wealth, health. I know I'm going to make an artist try not to get too distracted by this family and friends. Then you got sexual relationships, your girlfriend, your wife, your host, bitches, whatever. And the reason sexual relationships aren't a different quadrant. A lot of people put that with family and friends and relationships because the average person has nine relationships before their marriage. People are breaking up with people all the time, right? But your family, you usually have one family. I've done bitches for raising their voice at me, right? But I put my family members, they get usually to get a little more leeway. Okay. So these are the four quadrants of life. Now it's important to make a distinction. Money and health are the two things you need to live. You cannot live life without money and health. However, family and friends, sexual relationships make life worth living. So you can live without a sex partner. You can live without family, but life sucks without those things. If you don't have enough money the way it's set up, you will die. Alright, you don't have a food shelter and obviously you're health. These are the four quadrants of life. Just because we want to excel in all of these, we still have to have a focus. It's very important. Some one that we focus on. Different times of your life, you might change the focus. But for the most part, you want to focus on what the will. Because this is the only one that improves every other area. I know this because when my father killed himself, I had to take care of family so I had to do what get money. Can't pay my mom's bills with love alone. Need it money. Right? When the motherfucking IRS came for all those fucking back taxes because they filed jointly, they didn't want my love. They didn't want her son's love. Right, they wanted that money. Let's go get this money. You get them saying that how her bills gets paid. When my cousin died and it was 20 grand for the funeral, I couldn't pay with my love or tears. Right, I had to give them some money. Right. And then who had to pay for his daughter's school, the daughter still had to go to school. We've known her was no more income. Had to pay for it with money, not love. So money improves the rest of your family. Friends, money improves your health. Magic Johnson would be dead. He would have died in the 90s. Everyone else who had HIV if he was not a multi millionaire. And study showed that wealthy people live about 10% longer on average than the middle class and the middle class live significantly longer than the poor. So poor boys be dying early. Right, for a healthy reason. In a sexual relationship, women initiate 80% of the voices and the number one reason cited for the voices for us financial reasons, stands to reason that if you want one to be in loving lasting relationship, you better get some of this motherfucking cash. Right. So we want to focus on money because they improves all the other ones. But we're not going to neglect the other ones as well. We still want to make time for our friends and family. We're still going to make time to take care of our health and we're still going to make time for sexual relationships. All right. Now, how are we going to do that? I'm going to show you how to plan everything. Before I do that is very important that you want to stand a super important concept. And this is the concept of single tasking. So a lot of people will look at those quadrants and think, oh man, I need to learn how to multitask. Multitasking is a goddamn myth. Let me show you that when you switch between tasks, things take way longer. You make more mistakes and it cut down your productivity by up to 40%. And there's a few reasons about that. So we got to learn how to single task. When I say single task, I mean, we're going to do one thing at a time. So in a minute, I'm going to show you how to plan out all areas of your life in your calendar. But you've got to understand this concept first. We're going to single task. We're going to do one thing at a time. So you're not going to be working and playing basketball with your kids simultaneously. You know, that's going to be doing spreadsheets while trying to give you a girl in. We're going to do one thing at a time. It's very important because people try to multitask but should don't work. And there's a few reasons for that. First of all, is your brain wasn't designed to do it. This is how the brain works. This is my drawing of a brain. I know I'm a great artist. Just try to focus. Don't get too distracted. There's a few different parts of your brain. First we have what we call the pre-funtal cortex. And this part of your brain is responsible for shifting attention. Then there's another part of your brain called the post-parenthal lobe. And this part of your brain, it sets rules for the task that you're involved in. Then we have another part of your brain. Again, remember, all of these are being activated when you switch tasks. It looks like a little pack man or something. And this is the anterior gyros. And this part of your brain is responsible for monitoring errors to seem that's a trigger now when you're making mistakes and when you're not. And there's one more part. It's kind of up in here this region. And that's the pre-moulder cortex. This job is sort of getting ready for movement. You use all these different types of parts of your brain when you switch tasks. And the problem with that is you use way more brain energy than if you just do one thing at a time. All these brain areas are not recruited when you're working on one thing simultaneously. But if you're trying to switch tasks to multiple things at once, you're using all these different parts of your brain simultaneously. And if you work your brain way harder than you need to. And it's way more arduous on your brain than it needs to be. And the reason that's important is because your brain uses 20% of your body's energy at rest when it's doing nothing. So imagine when you start activating all these different regions of your brain, you've got them working hard. It starts to go way up. As a result, when you multitask, you don't really do two things at once. You're constantly switching tasks. For example, get a pittin' paper and do this. Like the first letter of your name, then below it, right, the first letter of a pet name. Then go back to the second letter of your name, the second letter of a pet name. You keep doing it until both names are written. Now think about how long that took you. Now just write both names one at a time. odds are you wrote the names one at a time much faster. Why? Because there's no such thing as multitasking. That's what you're doing. You're just task switching when you go back and forth from one name to another. That's what multitasking really is. Now you're never really doing multiple things at once. You're switching between tasks. And the reason it takes so much longer is because this is going to represent multitasking. This is going to represent single tasking. When you do that, what happens is you do one thing. Then you have to stop in your brain has to recalibrate. That's probably what happened when you were writing the first letter of each name. Boom. And you have those little gap that you wouldn't keep going. However, when you single task, you can go the same amount of distance without these little gaps. And the gaps is why it takes you so much longer to get things done. Because your brain has to reacquimate to a task when you switch. And those gaps kill productivity. You may be asking yourself a brain and why you're talking about this, right? Because first we need to understand that we need to single task instead of multitasking. And now once we've done that, now we have to start doing something called time blocking. This way we can focus on one thing at a time. I'm going to show you my calendar. I plan out every hour every day on my calendar. I do my best to leave no gaps. And I'm only working on one thing at a time. As a result, I get things done way faster. Because my brain is not working that hard. And I don't have those time gaps. So what you need to start doing, plan your days in Google Calendar. That's the only one worth using. And I suggest you plan out every hour of every day. And do one thing at a time. That's very important. And you're going to get so much more done because you're not doing this dumb shit. You've been doing all your life. But also your day-ass structure. And you can actually choreograph it. Now remember to remember there's four quadrants of life. So we need to plan for each of these quadrants. You were never your work and you could get money sessions. You've got to put that in your calendar. You're health and fitness. Put it in your calendar. When you're going to work out, I plan when I'm going to eat. When I'm going to go to sleep my wake-up time. Like everything's in there. If you want to kick it with your homies, do fun stuff with your family and friends. Put it in the calendar. And it was important is when I went my son, I am not doing other shit. I'm not working. I'm not trying to do a bunch of other shit. When I'm going my girlfriend, saying, when I'm in the gym, I'm not on my phone. I'm not doing another shit. I'm just working out. And that's why I get so much more done. But also, one because I'm not multitasking. But more importantly, because the day is choreographed. Every time I talk about working hard, people would get mad at me. And I didn't think it was controversial that if you wanted to string financial success. They'd you had to probably put in a string effort. I didn't think that was a controversial thing. But I think people misconstrued it. And they said, I don't want to sacrifice family. I don't want to sacrifice my health. No one told you to do that. If shit. No, I'm telling you what's going to happen is you're going to start sacrificing the other things. The bullshit. You're going to plan to stuff to it's important. Because these are the only four things that are important. Everything else is bullshit. So you're going to sacrifice the Netflix. Somebody asked me that they may. You've been watching that new squid games. No. I didn't watch the first one. I only had Netflix because every few years, Dave Shapil comes out with a comedy shit. And that's the only place I can watch it. All right, but as it or they got live sports in it. Or I should like that. You sacrifice your TV shows, sacrifice your video games. You're going to sacrifice corn, huh? You're going to sacrifice Call of Duty weed smoking sessions. You may be you sacrifice going out to the club. But you'll get the important shit done. Why? Because it's in your calendar. And there's another benefit to this. A lot of you guys are trying to break bad habits. You're trying to stop doing some bullshit. Well, because you're just trying to stop doing it. But you don't have to even do that. The calendar's full of the productive things. The things that help you move towards your goal. There won't be no time for bullshit. I haven't smoked weed in over 10 years. But I acknowledge that it's awesome. I don't have to try not to do it. I stopped smoking weed on accident because my calendar was so full. If I plan every hour of every day with important stuff, when I'm going to have time to get high, you can understand. It was an accident. Oh, I haven't smoked the man long. I might as well quit. Right? The same thing happened without call. I was just so focused, working hard. It was like, oh, I haven't drink in like almost a year. Not even trying just because I was so focused. You're inadvertently squeeze out the bad habit because you just won't have time for him. This is the cheat code. Everybody wants to man do this to quit. Have habits. I need to go on the double mean p-tox. I need to do no fat shut up nerd. Just pack your calendar for the productive shit. And you won't have no time for the bullshit. I got all the same. Repensity for vices is you smoking weed is great. Getting drunk is awesome. Chasing holes going to strip clubs. All that shit is just as fun to me as it is to you. But my calendar is full of productivity. Your is blank. So you fill it with vices on accident. And you wonder why you can't stop doing this shit because you didn't replace it. Well, good shit. You can't just quit the shit. You've had to replace it. So here's what we're going to do. We want to start time blocking. Get building your colisem because you're a warrior now. And the first part of this colisem, you're going to have time blocking. And you're going to use your calendar. Now that you've got your colisem, no, you're going to need to build little pillars. And the first pillar is going to be your git money sessions. Whatever you do for money, if you got your job, a side hustle, if you drive Uber. All right, whatever it is, you're doing to get money, you're financial mold. This is going to be the first pillar to get money sessions. Put it in your calendar. Then the next thing that needs to be in your calendar, you help to finish. Remember, those are the most important ones. Boom, you're health and fitness. What are you going to do is you're going to put your fucking bedtime. So this is going to be when you go to sleep. People ask me, how you get up early. Oh, I go to sleep early, man. I'm sleeping at 9.30. I'm going to have time to do some bullshit though. If I'm sleep, you wake up time, workouts, meals. My meals are in my calendar. Oh, yours are not no wonder you fucking eat like shit. You got a choreograph, your life, man. Money sessions is going to be, you know, just side hustle, bs, whatever you got going on. And it could be the busiest start. If you want to start a business, if you want to start a side hustle, don't get around to wait. Block off the time and you're calendar, man. Then we start prioritizing the other shit. Friends and family, put it in your calendar. My home and Jeremy hit me up. He was like, yo, let's get together, man. With the girls and let's go to no boot. And I was like, bet when you want to go. We came up with a time. And next to you, no Jeremy sent me a calendar invite. Oh, go get out of there. That's how many of my friends get down. That's why we rich. My boy Wade was like yo, let's link up and go to the range. We read on time, wait sent me a new calendar invite. That's where to go. Dinner's hangouts, whatever the those you move focus do together. And then you sex partners, friends and family, right? A family over women, throws over holes. Very important. Can never forget about that. And if your woman's same thing, man, don't be fucking shitin' on your friends for some dude, good friends are difficult to find. Fucking sex partners, you can get one at any time, especially if you're a woman, man. You can get one this afternoon, man. Name today, man. Is it him? I'll just play a meme. We got a girlfriend, man. He's off the market. All right, sex partners, right? So if you use it date night, vacay, all this shit should be here calendar. And your calendar should be full of this shit in this shit only. What else is left? Nothing. Nothing important. If you got some hobbies or some shit you're trying to do, okay? That's not a pretty encounter. They even mean, I didn't put it here, but I have like, time to practice my guitar on the calendar. Very brief, very time. But it's in it. It's very important. And some people may say, this is not romantic. And it's like, you know what's really not romantic? Not having money? That's less romantic. None drive a pussy faster than it, empty wallet. That's a fact, man. You know, you prioritize your health and fitness. I mean, what are you gonna do? Get around to it. And then your friends and family, they should be in your calendar. And some people would be like, man, you shouldn't have to plan with your family. You shouldn't have to plan with anything. That's such a poor ass, man. I fucking hate you. The truth is, for me, if it's not a my calendar, that means I don't give a fuck about it. The things that are important are my calendar. My girlfriend is in my calendar because she's important. My son is in my calendar because his name is in portent. Somebody was making fun of me and I said this before the video. He said, Brandon's like, all right, time's up, son, gotta go. Right? He's like, yeah, it's funny. But the truth is, man, kids have fucking bedtime. He's fucking little kids. He's fucking 9. 30. Here goes in. I know when his bedtime is. There, and that's when it's fucking over. Anyway, you wouldn't put this in your calendar. It's very important, man. It will not work without this. Now, if you can do this, if you can work on one thing at a time and put everything in your calendar and plan your days, then every day can be a successful day. It'll help you avoid distractions because now you're on a schedule. And again, when you're doing your money sessions, you wouldn't have. Unless your phone is part of you getting money, you put your phone away. Like, I'm not doing nothing else right now, but doing this video. I'm not checking nothing else. I'm just here with y'all. That's why it's so good. Now, I have another video all about how to use the calendar and I go into great detail about how to set up your calendar, how to set a Google calendar, how to set up recurring tasks, and how to automate a lot of this. You want to go watch that video now.