In this video, I want to show you how to make so much fast money that it feels illegal. So this is for anybody who has a business, who's wants to start a business, or if you want to take your business to the next level, this may be the most important video you ever watch when it comes to the acquisition of capital. I'm well suited to tell you how to get a shit load of money because over the last two decades, I've made multiple shit loads of money. I built several eight figure businesses. I'm going to walk you down the path to how you can replicate that success in your life. The first thing you need to think about when it comes to making money is what are you going to sell? There's a few ways to think about this. There's pretty much four categories of products or services. They fall on different access. You have your cheap stuff, right? You're expensive stuff. And you also have stuff that people like need. They have to have it. You got to have it. It's about need and you have stuff that people don't need. They still might want it, but they don't need it. And these are your four quadrants. Every product or service fits into one of these four quadrants. And there's pros and cons of each quadrant. We're going to go over. Right? But you have to pick a product or service that you're going to sell to people. And I think you should think about these quadrants first. Because a lot of times people just want to sell something they have. What they think is a good idea they just want to sell it. But you need to understand what quadrant your product or service fits in. And then you need to know why people buy certain things in that quadrant. Well, when it comes to stuff that people don't need, but it's also cheap, these can be classified as trinkets. That's what I like to call them. These are like knick knacks. These are trinkets. These are like, you know, remember people selling those hoverboards back in the day, you know, fidget spinners, you know bullshit. Type of a situation by an airport. Then you have stuff that people need, but it's also cheap. Right? These are the odorants, toothpaste, condoms. These are commodities. You got to have them, but they're not very expensive. Then you have stuff that people need. It is expensive. This is like your homes. Sometimes it's a car depending on where you live or a girlfriend. Right? These are things that are, you got to have, but they're expensive. Right? And these are necessities. Then you have stuff that's expensive that people don't need. And these are things like fucking Richard Mills, diamond chains, cardiac bracelets. Right? These are luxuries. All right. Luxuries. Everything fits in one of these four categories. Now we got to look at this psychology behind each of these quadrants. Why the hell? With somebody buy something cheap that they don't need. Well, this is usually they're buying on impulse. Impulse. They're buying on impulse, right? You see an ad for and some shit that a stick you phone to a window and you can record yourself and you fucking buy it off TikTok shot. Some holes going live with some fucking crazy steamer that she can fit in her suitcase and you buy it off TikTok shot or shit like that. Right? This is like all drop shipping products bullshit. You know, but you might catch them off a fucker when he's lacking on impulse and then he buys this shit. Right? Commodities. Why does somebody buy a commodity? What's the part? Well, we already know they need it, but there's something else goes into it. This is typically off price. They're buying it off price. necessities, something that someone needs and expensive. They're just going to buy off their needs. It's in it. Dr. Say you need a Becky out of me. Then you got to get it back. Yeah, the me bro. What the fuck? You're just going to do it. You need a place to live to protect yourself. You and your family from the element. So you're going to get yourself a house. You're going to buy a based off needs. Now, you're just interesting. Why the fuck was somebody buy something up expensive today? Don't need like what the fuck? Why would a human being behave like that? What they do it for status. And status is actually a super powerful driver. It drives a lot of human behavior. Right? Just a great book. I read a year or two ago called the status game. And he explained it, a lot of human behavior is based off status. Now, if you're somebody who's thinking, man, I don't make decisions based off status. I would never do none of status. If you can pale to say that, especially if you say it all out loud, then that itself is a status game. There's different status games. It's not all flexing. If you were one of people who's compelled to say, I don't make decisions based off status. And you want to tell people about that you're playing a different status game. You're saying, oh, I'm better than those people who buy all the bullshit. You know, saying, or some people they get status from their kids, right? They send their kids to the best schools and they make their kids, you know, win all the stuff. And that's a form of status because now they seem superior as a parent. Status is a huge driver in humans. Like, obviously, in this tons of studies to support this. And basically, if you read any of Dr. David Buses work on human evolution, he shows that humans have a need, a desire to reach for status in whatever capacity. Because historically, as far as human history is concerned, humans with the most status had higher likelihoods of passing their genes down and mating with better partners. So it's actually a survival mechanism for the species. Two high status people get together and then they mate. Their offspring has a better chance of surviving and thriving because of their parent status. You see this all the time, right? This is not a new phenomenon. This is you can trace this all the way back to human history. If you're watching this from England, you're fucking king is a direct beneficiary of his parent status. And his grandparents status, right? This has happened all throughout human history. If you're in India, I ain't got to tell you motherfuckers about the caste system. Nemo's from Iran, the Middle East. And he had to immigrate here because he did not inherit a oil field like the Prince. We have evolutionary need for status, right? But that's how you sell luxuries. We're again, this video's about making money fast. So fast that it feels illegal. So what we don't want to do is try to make money based off impulse, right? You can do it, but you have to have a lot of skill. Personally, if we want to make money fast, it's easier to sell expensive stuff. Because if you try to sell trinkets, first of all, people don't need it and it's cheap, right? So they don't need it. And because it's cheap, it has low margins, meaning the profit will be low. So you have to sell a lot of this shit that people don't need. Can you see how that might be difficult? You have to sell a ton of shit that people don't need for it to be profitable. That's going to be difficult. Let's move on to commodities. Stuff that people need. All right, you're on the right track. However, the people make decision almost 100% based off price. And the problem with when you enter a market where there's a race to the bottom, problem when being in a race to the bottom is that you might fucking win. So the only way they compete in this arena is to keep lowering your price. But then you fuck with your profits and you have to keep selling more and more and more and more and more. And at lower margins, now big companies can do this. Proctor and gamble can sell you the other for $2. Because they make so much of it that they can get it at scale. They can spend billions of dollars on producing, so they can buy it or they can buy the products and the ingredients to shit for cheap. It sounds so much of it that even though it's low margins, they can still make enough money. Now in the sensities, it sounds good. It's expensive and people need it. Well, this is a good market to be in. Right? I'm going to be honest. Oh, you're deducting your selling surgeries. You're going to you're going to do all right. People need a hard surgeon. They're going to come to you. The problem is you need a tremendous amount of scale. If it's a really make money in this arena. You have to do it at scale. If they're just going to have needs, there's a lot of competition in this quadrient. However, the luxury is this is what things get interesting. Because now we're not selling what they need. We're not selling off price. We're not selling all impulse. We're selling all status. So what we need to do is find a way to make our products raise the status of the owner in the different ways. Right? So for example, a car is a necessity, but a Lamborghini is luxury. What's the difference? Well, yeah, a Lamborghini, I guess it's better, but it's like you can't drive top speed. Like legally, but it's going to raise your status. That's how they turned the necessity into a luxury. I make sure it raised the status. You can do a commodities too. I have a $20 dollar toothbrush. Those are the things that was happening in the mid 2000s where for some reason all the dentists that were popping up was hiring chicks that looked like bottle girls. They had like bad bitches at the fucking dentist. It leased in New York. And they had these fucking Dominican chicks walking with my teeth and then they came out and they sold me. It was like five six bad Dominican chicks coming out selling me. So you should get this all this shit. I was like, yeah, it made sense to buy the fucking toothbrush. And you can even make a drink at a luxury if there's like limited supply. It is worth more. Do you think about like rare baseball cards or Pokemon cards? You know, I'm like a tarp. This is a guitar pedal called the Clons in tar. And you should just be pretty cheap, man, but they stop making it. The guy is stop making it. And now they go for like five six thousand dollars. We're a guitar pedal, which is insane. But the reason we want to sell in this category is because the margins are high. People make decisions based off emotions. And people would do so much for status, man. People will all pay for status. If you don't believe it, there's a reason you're not wearing the fucking cheap shit in the world. Even if you're not out here flexing on people, the reason you don't have the bullshit. Even though it's good, Walmart sneakers is because you know that's going to lower your status. This is where we want to be, especially to make money fast. Whatever product or service we have, we need to position it as a luxury item. And that way we'll have higher margins. And it'll be easier to sell because people will do more for status than they will and eat these other things. That's just the very first thing you need to do to make more money. Now the next thing we need to do is define our niche because we don't want to be all things to everyone. It would be what I mean. So when I think of niche, I think about who who you're marketing into, who's your target market, what problem are you going to solve for them? And how are you going to solve that problem? And this is what's going to make you stand out. There's a lot of times people will say something, I'm in a crowded market. I'm in a crowded market. It's the way you do that. You stand up by having the niche and this how you make yourself stand out within a crowded market. So for example, when I first started becoming an online trainer, first I made it, I made it a luxury, my online training. And this is what I teach my students to. I made it a luxury. Why? Because well, I can only have so many clients at once, right? I was one of the best and I wouldn't work with just anybody. Having the niche helped me turn my online training into a luxury, but it also helps you stand out. So think about how many trainers they're online. All trainers. Right? Just probably millions. And I don't even want to compete with all these motherfuckers. And you don't have to. This how you stand out. So when I first started my online training, I said, I'm only going to focus on men, Paul's, no diddy. And then not all men, young men, no drizzy, men age. It was around at the time it was probably like 20 to 30 years when I first started. So let's think about this. Right? Already I'm not competing with all trainers, right? Because I'm only focusing on men. Already I'm standing out a little bit, right? But it's not even all men. It's only young men. Right? So that's like a small, a smaller segment is population. Right? So now I'm already standing out. Now check this out. What problem did I want to solve for them? Now remember, business is all problem solving. I focused on helping young men get ripped. And I use their language. I know as a trainer to get ripped means they want to be muscular with low body fat. I was excluding, remember, do you, where you make some premium is you have this exclusivity, right? So that means you actually have to exclude people, right? I was student most humans. And then even within that group of small group we hung is their relief. It was only people at this go. I didn't train. I wasn't helping anybody with every go. I wasn't focused on people who was a marketing to people who are obese. I wasn't marketing and people who need lose a hundred pounds. Men who wanted to be fucking pro athletes. I wasn't marketing to people who wanted to live longer or even be healthy. Right? It was one go get ripped. Now why is that important? Because you got to think why? This is my fucking one to get ripped. Can you guess why a young man wants to get ripped? Girls. I'm 100%. So cool. Now I know his why. So all my marketing revolved around showing men, young men that if they get ripped they'll get girls. And what does that do for them? Right? Yeah, they get girls. But it also what improves their status. If you see a guy with a high girlfriend or if you say oh this guy gets a lot of girls, a young guy, it probably raises the status. One of my primary lead acquisition channels was YouTube back then. You got familiar YouTube. If I go to Otis, it was good. You see I'm getting ripped. When I started to figure out let's go to popular. The one thing I did is girls. Right? Boom. The ain't getting ripped. You feel me girls audits shit. Right? These old ads videos. You know? And that was my focus. Even in like this video, just my most my video with the most views 10 million views is a girl in there. Even though I wasn't marketing in the girls. That was for y'all or this one right here. Maybe it's going to go this one. Is a girl in there, right? She wasn't it was for girls. I wasn't trying to get girls. It was hot to hide me. For y'all. So it's like a subconscious marketing. The same way you might see a perfume ad or a colon ad and it's a guy looking cool with some chicks around and we're something. It's the same kind of concept. So then I said how am I going to get ripped? So back in the days it was inter manifesting in hit cardio. That was one of my methods. Like initially when I very first started inter manifesting a hit cardio. Now think about this. How many trainers are there who are focused on helping men age young men get ripped with inter manifesting hit cardio. Back in the days it was almost none. And then as I got older I changed my methods and I changed my target market. I changed it like it went up a little bit as I got older 25 to 35. I kept the same the same ship but it changed to keto when I went keto and bodybuilding. Like bodybuilding style training with the keto diet. How many keto bodybuilders are there almost none? So who am I competing with? This is how you stand out. Not only did I make it a luxury because I'm not working with everybody. I'm only focused on a certain amount of person. It also just how I was able to stand out by narrowing my market because when I'm man aged 25 to 35, I wanted to get ripped. And wanted to get ripped for girls and he wanted to do with keto and bodybuilding. Who else was he going to go to at the time? He couldn't price up because it wasn't no one else. So I can actually charge more. I can charge a premium. It was exclusive and it scares me because I can only work with so many people. Then boom, I turned what's more of a commodity personal training into a luxury. If you want to learn more about this, I got a free ebook off the 10th of May of the most of all not training. It's show you how to grow your own. I think this business is some of your into the link is in description. It's free and it gives you a lot of gain. This will work for any industry. When I met my videographer, Nima, he didn't want to do a video editing for anyone. He was doing video editing for business owners in Miami. That was me. I heard that that's exactly what I'm looking for. I was looking for any ovidity. I was looking for him exactly. I didn't fucking have a with them. I said, oh, that's you. You're good. Let's go. We're working for three years. That's how you stand out. Some people may think, man, especially trainers, they say, like, man, I can train anyone. You can train anyone which you can't market anymore. For example, this is the ordering called secret secret deodorant balance minerals. Or it's a clear bubble bubble bubble bubble bubble bubble bubble bubble bubble. You can look at all of a sudden. Then there's another deodorant called bold spice. Now if you just look at it, just look at it, just look at this and then look at this. Which one do you think is for women and which one do you think is for men? I'm going to give you a hint. It's the one with a fucking bear bite into the name. That was proudly for me. These are made by the same fucking company, product or gamble. But they know that they can't make it the odourant that markets to men and women because nobody would give a fuck about it. And they know that they had to create a whole different brand for women and a whole different brand for men. Even though men's and women's armpits are largely similar, there was also a supplement line that came out years ago and it was called women's best. And women's best, they can't sublimit. Right. What's the difference between women creating and men creating? Fucking nothing. But you can't market this shit. The market is different. For men's creating, it's not gonna pick this color. You're not gonna pick this name. You're gonna get advertised. It's not gonna be different. You probably gonna have a rip the guy, drinking the shit. But women's creating and mink creating is the same. Creating my under is the same. There is no difference. They were able to build a multi-million dollar brand by taking the same shit and just marketing it to women. That's how they stood out in a super crowded competitive industry, which is the supplement becoming, that's the only market it to women. So you gotta find your target market. All right. It's difficult to market everything to everyone. If you do that, then you come out to tell yourself McDonald's, they market to everyone. Everyone there. It's a commodity. Coca-Cola, they don't market to everyone in every demographic. Luggy, re-idems do not market to everyone. It becomes exclusive. It's very important. And it's very important that you only sell the why. People do not buy features. So you gotta understand the difference between features and benefits. A feature of this liquid death water is that it's in a fucking can. The benefit is it stays colder. It has a better taste because it's not in plastic and I won't get as many micro plastics in me all that. Those are the benefits. But the features are is is fucking spring water in a can. What a mistake a lot of marketers make is they try to sell the fucking features. But people don't buy features. They buy benefits. For example, this iPad, I don't just iPad that I'm drawing on right here. The benchmark to CPU the GPU all the other shit inside of it. Listen man, what's it going to do for me? Not all the features that it has. What the fuck is going to do for me? And I think a big mistake I see a lot of rookie marketers make is they focus on the features. But people don't give a fuck about the features. They only care about the benefits and the benefits have to relate to their why. Are your marketing is going to be built around their why? Now the next thing you need to do is figure out what your sales mechanism is going to be. What I mean by this is how exactly are you going to get clients? When I was in business school taught us something called the customer journey. Then there's a lot of different ways you can get a customer to the sale. So when I first started my online training business, this was the customer journey. Social media, boom, and then DMs, boom, and that's how I made the sale. That's one customer journey. When I had my supplement line, what we did was initially it was social media and it was straight to the website, which is a Shopify site at the time, boom, and then they would buy from there. So I see some people who don't use social media all the time at all. They just they go ads. You can go ad straight to your website, boom sales or ads to call sales call or boom and then make the sale. So there's a lot of different paths that the customer going to take. These are called, these are different Jeremy's customer journeys. Right? Pick the one that you feel like is going to work the best for you. I've seen people who start with their business, they just start it with ads straight to a website, boom sales. I've seen people do ads straight to sales call sales. I've seen also seen ads, boom, to what's called a lead magnet. You give them something for free, right? Boom, then they're on an email list and then from there. Maybe you can go to a sales call and then you make the sale. Try everything to find the customer journey. Just going to work best for you. But the mechanism, how how you sell your product service is going to depend a little bit on the price. There's different things to pin or what you're selling. Right? So you could just have website or you could take it to sales call, my be Zoom or on the phone. You can do live event. These is like a live event in person or a webinar. These are different sales mechanisms or one on one, one on one sales. One on one in person. Right? Now typically the more expensive something is the higher you have to go up. So cheap shit. Let's call it $1 to $1,000. Now $1,000 is like the top end for this shit because how often have you just went to clicked on a link went to a website and it's been $1,000. It happens sometimes. But it depends. One to 10. There's called it one to 10k. All right, boom, that's typically sales call. 10k to 25k. Typically, this happens at live events. One on one, you might have to travel to the motherfucker. Like 25k enough. These are just like round estimates. It can all change depending on what your credibility. Credibility is changed. So the more credibility you have in the marketplace, the more you can charge at a lower level. At a lower level of the pyramid. For example, if the rocks sit announced today, right? He has millions of followers and he said, boom, yo, I'm doing I'm gonna do online training 25k for six months. Hit the link in my bio. He could sell that. He's the rockist set because he has way more credibility than an end and guess what? Well, we talked about earlier. If the rock is your trainer, it raises your status. Who has more status? The guy says, oh man, my guy. My trainer's just some fucking guy from crutch. Or the my, someone says, me, oh my trainer is the rock. All right, who has more status? And people will pay for more status. We talked about that earlier. So depending on what you're crediting, how much credibility you have. And the credibility depends on how far up a discill you can go, right? So credibility changes. This is average. He rocked out so much credibility. This motherfucker launched the shampoo. He even got hair. This motherfucker, he had the nerve to put himself in the ad for shit. What the fuck? The only hairy guy is eyebrows. This is astonishing. Like if you got, I'll tell you, credibility changes the whole game. Let's assume you have very little credibility, right? And people do your website. But you can still gotta figure out what the customer journey is gonna be. All right, yeah, you're gonna run ads. You're gonna mess social media, presence, you know, you're gonna ads to a lead man, right? And then sell him your email, warm him up. You gotta figure out what the customer journey in the sales making them. Once you have that master go all in on it, go all in. You only need one sales mechanism to get to a million dollars a year. All right, you only need one sales mechanism. One million dollars a year. That's like, okay man, you end the game. Like you're really in the game. You really do when you're shit. Now it's still a bigger accomplishment. I don't want to minimize it. Right? But it's just, it's just to start like you end the game. You make it a million dollars. You end the game, man. But it's still just to be getting, right? But I don't want to minimize it because only a 5% of businesses get to a million dollars a year. But now you want to scale the multi-million's. What we have to do is we have to understand the scaling formula. I made it up just right before I said it. Who are you? All it is is call to the acquisition, the cat, like how much it calls for you to acquire a customer? Verse lifetime value. How much a customer's worth over the lifetime of their interaction with you when you're business, right? But it's sometimes called cat. All right, cost to acquire a customer or lights at the first lifetime value. This is the whole game. If you ever watch, Shark Tank is they always ask, when they're interested, how much is it cost you to acquire a customer? What's your cost of acquisition? You got to figure that out. And if you're doing all social media, maybe it's free, right? But it's difficult to get to over million dollars a year without implementing some ads at some point. So you figure out how much it costs you to acquire a customer and then you find out how much the average customer spins with you during the lifetime of them being the lifetime of their interaction with the business. And the key is the key is we want to lower cost of acquisition and we want to increase lifetime value. Loring cost of acquisition this comes from basically split testing ads, web pages, websites, landing pages, ad copy, and improving offer. Like the more you can improve your offer or even you might want to split sales mechanisms, different sales mechanisms. You have to start testing. Is it more profitable to go straight from the ads to the website? Or is it more profitable to go to the ads with sales call? Or is it more profitable to go ads to a lead magnet, get them on email, list, warm them up and then sell them. You're not to split, you're going to start testing these things, right? If you're not testing your guests and one of these little things can dramatically decrease your cost of acquisition. And for increasing lifetime value is a few things you can do one. You can sell more things to existing customers. These are called up sales. Like if you go to McDonald's, you ask just for the burger. They say you want the meal. She's not doing that because she's trying to help you. She's trying to do that. To increase your average order value. Sell more people. These are up sales. You can do cross sales. So a cross sales, something like let's say Neema, he's a video editor. He's working with somebody a business owner and helping to make videos, right? But his home is a copywriter. He can refer into someone else. He can refer him to his copywriter and maybe he can get a commission off of that. Now he's double dipping in the customer. You can also increase purchase frequency. Especially if you have something consumable, you can offer discounts with him to buy more more frequently. And these are these are a few of the things you can do to make more money off each customer. And this increases your lifetime value, which makes your ads more profitable. It makes all your marketing more profitable because now you're making more money off each customer. And if you lower the cost of acquisition, then that's that equals profit. When, when thing you can do, there's really helpful is increase the speed of purchase. The faster you can increase the lifetime value, the more money you can make. So hopefully I can articulate this right. Let's say the LTV of a customer is $10,000. And the cost of acquisition costs you $5,000 to get a new customer. Let's just, let me just say, oh man, $5,000. This makes this is $5,000 profit. But what if it takes you fucking 10 years? What if it takes you 10 years to realize this $10,000, right? Would you have to pay this upfront? Now you're in the red. You're going to be in that unit red. But if you can increase the speed that you get to this $10,000, you can be more profitable sooner. It's something I call, I never heard of him say this, but I call this income velocity. And I think about this all the time. This is something I think is not just about how much money you make is how fast you can make the money. When what time frame you take to make the money, the higher income velocity, the more profit you can be. Because you gotta remember, just think about your own life. You got bills every month, phone bill, rental or mortgage, electricity. Did you gotta pay every month? You got bills every month. And if you want to be profitable, you have to outpace the bills every month. You have to make more money than your spending every month for each month to be profitable. If somebody said, oh, I made a million dollars, if they did it in a month, that's fucking amazing. If it took 10 years, that's fucking regular, that's nothing. So the velocity really matters. So we want to increase the velocity of the lifetime value. Because 10 years might not be enough. However, the longer you can wait to you need to get paid the more money you can make. This is something that was talked to me, but one of my mentors, let's say you run ads. You're in ads. You spend a lot of money to get a customer and you'll spot $1,000 to be customer. The sooner you need to make this money back, the more danger you're in as an entrepreneur. If you got a big of a money surplus, where you don't need to make that money back for a year, then you can just keep spending money for a year. As long as you know you're going to make it. These are just things you have to think about. You have to think about not needing it right away, but you also need to think about increase in the velocity. So you'll be more profitable sooner. Because then you can keep flipping the money. If we take this from 10 years to one year, boom, then we can flip this money every year. But if we can only flip it every 10 years, we'll probably go out of business unless we have a huge surplus of money. So you want to really increase the velocity of the income. And the main way to do that is the same stuff we talked about, we're increasing the customer value. But as soon as you get a customer, you need this, you need to have up sales and cross sales ready. This is at the $1,000 market. And you need to have a mechanism to increase the frequency. Like immediately. Soon as you get a customer, you need to think of other shit. If you're online trainer, maybe you get yourself a motherfucking affiliate code with a supplement line. That's what I did. I had affiliate codes with supplement lines. When I first started, boom, and I said, yo, man, I hit your workout plan, bro, you need to supplement it, too. I'm immediately trying to increase the lifetime value. And that's why I started my supplement line when I was online trainer, because I needed to really increase that lifetime value. So I was even more profitable. So my whole supplement line initially was just to have something to sell to my existing clients. But first, the first was cross sales with other other shit. And then I made my own products. And then it was up sales. And then you got to fairway increase the frequency. So this is why companies will give you discounts if you buy more of the shit. Because they want to increase the income velocity. Because they want to be profitable sooner so they can keep flipping the money. If you can implement all these tactics and you can make money, you can start making money super fast. I know I probably threw a lot out of it at you. But this might be a video you have to watch again. Listen, if you want to learn how to start your online fitness business, I've taught over 15,000 people how to grow online fitness businesses successful. If you want to learn more about that, I got a free ebook called the 10 Commandments of online training, the link is in the description. It's show you how to grow your online fitness business, even if you don't have a big volume. Even if you're not certified, even if you have a lot of experience, it gives you the game plan, all how to do it. It's free, leave the description. All right.