Yo Goofy-ass, don't have abs yet. That's why you clicked on a video about how to get abs. And this is the best video on the internet on the subject. I'm going to show you how you can get a six pack by summer. At the time I'm filming this video is about 31 days until summer. Now here's the thing, you've been training abs, wrong your whole goddamn life. You've been doing a bunch of silly goofy shit, wondering why you don't have abs. We're going to fix all that today. All we get into exactly what you need to do to have a six pack in the next 30 days. Common misconceptions people have about training abs. Include, but are not limited to. They think that training abs will get them a smaller ways. You ever see these big fat motherfuckers doing crunches? You motherfuckers can confidently stop doing that shit. Training abs will not get you a smaller ways. You cannot lose fat in one spot. You will not have to get to a significantly low body fat in order for your abs to be visible. You cannot lose fat in one spot unless, of course, you get lightball suction. That's why you see some chick. She got the shape of maybe like sponge Bob or like a two liter of coke. She go to the doctor Miami. He sucked the fat out of her. Maybe put some of that fat in that ass. When they do it, that ain't go from looking like a two liter looking like a coke Bob. Because they removed the fat cells. That bitch get fat again. She won't be as fat there. If I was a fat hoe, I could get that shit today. If you're not going to go under the knife and have a surgical intervention and you want to lose it to die and exercise, you cannot spot reduce that in one spot. Now make sure you watch and today because I'm going to break this whole shit down for you. But what you know, if you really want your abs to pop, abs and motherfuckers can see across the street. Bitches can see you, which is shut off from across the street and start crying between her legs. And if you want that guy to expect, you have to make those abs muscles grow. Here's the game plan. You got to see where you're at on a scale from a rip to fat. If you don't see your abs now, it's one of two things. Your abs muscles are too small or you have too much body fat. Most of you motherfuckers have to eat too much body fat. And you probably got some abs on the knee fall that, even if you skinny, you probably still got too much fat. Because a lot of you guys are like skinny fat. You got a little real arc Simpson swag. If you want abs, you got to be fake. You got to be lean. I'm telling you got to be super lean for them to see your abs. So here's what we're going to do as whole. First, you're going to get as ripped as you need to be. You're going to need to be around 10% body fat or lower for you to really see your abs. If you don't know what body fat percentage you are, go to chat, jippity, upload a picture yourself. Like this one I did. This is me the other day. And I was like, hey, judging from this photograph, that's to make my current body fat percentage. What does bitch say? She said between 6.8. That's, yeah. Sounds of right. I'm probably in somewhere in that range in this photograph. Look at me incredible, right? Action in your whole shit. When you play video games, you play them off a good look who look like this. All right, we got to get you in video game, character shape. Now I'm going to tell you how to get ripped in a minute. But let's say you are kind of ripped. Let's say the chatjipity says, I let's call it 10, 12% or lower. So we're in that range, right? Let's say chatjipity says that's what you're at. What that means you got a different problem. That means your abs are too small. No homo. Look at my hips. Like you see how thick they are, cause like no did you look at my abs. If you want those thick abs, you got to train your abs the same way you would train any other muscle. This means is we got to do lower reps. Fuck all that 500 countries that they should on the other shit because we got to make that the muscle bigger the same. We make any muscle bigger. Pick exercises that are difficult to do more than like 12 reps because we want to be in. Let's call this somewhere between 6 to 12 reps. Doing more than 12 should be impossible. Like you shouldn't be able to do 13 cause you gotta go to failure. Leglifts, maybe see it, maybe weighted leglifts. Or maybe you have to add some resistance, drag and fly. Or my favorite one is the cable crunch. That's not favorite one cause then you can you can modify the resistance. And those are my three favorite abs. This is like really leglifts or weighted leg this in cable crunch. That's gonna be our primary focus. You won't even have to really train the oblique that much. These are the side abs. I don't really do shit to get these side abs. Or just to radis muscles up here. It looks like it's my ribs. Now, nigga, that's muscle on my ribs. We do these weighted abs exercises. Your side abs and your bleaks. They're gonna get enough tension. So you want to make sure you can only do reps in between 6 or 12 and you win. We want to go to failure. Three to four sets. Her workout and you want to do this three to four times a week. Make sure you take an each set to a failure. Sometimes, let's say you're doing bicep curls and people that we like, oh, I gotta go to failure. And they'll start doing all this shit. No, so when you start cheating, the muscle is failed. That's why you have to cheat because you have to get other muscles and involve. You want to keep your form exquisite. Now, here's the thing when it comes to the fucking crunch. Almost everybody does the crunch wrong. I'm gonna put up a video where I did this shit perfect. Here we go. This is the best one. This is the best one. You have to exercise to build 3D looking abs. So you want to grow up a perfect demo of this. Check it out. App a mat to protect your knees. It's going to do rope crunches. You come down. You want to arch your back like you've been on say. And you're about to twerk. And then you come down like this. So a lot of people do this all the way wrong. I see him doing it. And they just do this. The problem is they bend from here. That's not your abdominal muscle. That's the only hip flexors you want to bend from here. Yeah. And the way you do that is boom. Get your Beyonce twerk out on. You can come in. Bring it together. I hope you guys understand. If you bend from the wrong spot, this exercise is basically a waste of time. Again, we're only doing this. If your body fat percentage is somewhere in the 10 or 12 range or lower. People start cutting to get this expect. If you're already rid, you've got a bulk to make your fucking abs thicker. Right? So this is what sometimes I'll have even higher body fat. I've got all go above 10 or 12 and you can still see my abs because I made them so thick. And then when I get lean, oh my god. Point is you really have to make them. So you have to be in a clore surplus. You're consuming more calories in your burn. And then you also want to make sure you get in at least one gram of your protein per pound of body weight. I know all the science guys on internet. They say, Hey, the study came out by such and such and such that you only need 08 grams. That's true. I'm not, I'm not against science. But you know, remember those studies were done in controlled environments. We're into exactly how much the parts has been written. You and I, we don't live in the motherfucking land. We're drinking out of beakers and shit. You know, living in a lab, we live in the real world. And in the real world, the American real world. The FDA allows food labels to be off by 20%. Right. So you get you yourself. The list is snack. And it's a 10 grams of protein. Man, that's great. That's going to work towards my muscle building goals because the FDA allows Food labels to be off by 20% in either direction. That should could be 12 grams of protein. That should could be eight. You don't fucking know. This is the one gram of protein per pound of body weight to make up for that potential 20% that may be lost because there's no negative ramifications for getting too much protein. Fuck some nerds going to say, Hey, listen, yeah, maybe if you get fucking a hundred grams of protein per pound of body weight. Again, this is only if your body fat percentage is low. How long do you bulk until you start getting fat? When you start getting so fat that you can't see what's going on, then you start to cut. And the only way to burn fat is to burn more calories than you can consume. Remember you're going to go to Chad Jippity. You already put your picture in here. You said, hey, that's to make my body fat percentage. Baba, Baba, blah, blah, blah, blah. All right, cool. You tell your weight, you say, I am 200 pounds. How many pounds of fat do I need to burn to be at? And you're going to put your go body weight percentage. It's going to be a little weird because my body fat percentage is so fucking low. Let's just say for shit's and giggles, let's say 4%. Where do you guys might have to put 10% to 11% or something like that? It's going to start doing math for you. Like you could do the math yourself, but you got to, you got sky net right here. You might as well let them do it. And she's going to do a bunch of shit. Baba, Baba, Baba, Baba, going from 7 to 4% by the fat. You lose 6 pounds of fat. All right, now that's just math. But let's say I need to lose 6 pounds of fat. If every pound of fat you want to lose, you have to burn 35 hundred calories. Let's say I wanted to lose a pound of fat a week. All I got to do is burn 500 calories more than I can soon eat this day for a week. If I do it for a week, seven days, that'll equal 3500 calories, I'll burn one pound of fat per week. I want to double that. I need to be in a thousand calorie deficit each day. What we're going to do is you're going to get yourself some sort of fitness tracker. I used the ordering. I just got the ordering gym for, I know a lot of people use the wump, right? That other track of calories, you can get yourself a fit bit. That works a fit bit. It's starting to track how many calories you burn each day. I have a free habit tracker. It's called the Victory Vision planner. And did you can download and link in the description here. But we're going to use this this version right here. You just track how many calories you burn each day. Let's say I'm burning in 3000 calories a day. You simple math. 3000 calories a day. Cool. Now then you're going to start tracking how many calories you can soon meet today. So I track how many calories, soon with my fitness pal. And I keep a scale with me everywhere I go. So I'm at restaurants, way in my food. People think it's weird to do. But when people see me doing it, don't know about the talk shit. To me people are usually impressed. And I'm tracking everything I eat. I grow a lot because I made a salad and I fucking weigh the salad dressing. Tracking me calories you soon these days and just make sure and get burning 500 calories more than you do consume these days. So I say we want to use two pounds of fat per week. If we want to lose two pounds of fat per week, then we have to be in a 1000 calorie deficit. The key is to track this shit every day. When you start tracking it in like a spreadsheet like this, you can see where you're at. You're self making progress towards your goal. I just want to give you some data on something real quick. This is a study that showed that people were 7.6% more likely to do what you do there goes. Then those who didn't if they track their progress. I don't have to tell you all about the American psychological association. I know that you guys keep up with their work continuously. Right, but some of them didn't know. And it is a whole study on it. It is another study. I bring the study up all the time. All they had people do was track their diet. But I hadn't do my fitness pal. And these people lost five pounds of fat over the course of three months. But they had no diet. They just said, just track your calories. Track what you eat instead of putting anything in your mouth like a whore. The way you've been doing your whole life. These people have focused lost five pounds and three months. Now, five pounds and three months. That's not a big deal. But you gotta remember they had no plan. We got a game plan now. All right. So you got, I got you a habit tracker. It's free. It's called the Victory Vision Planner. All right. So you go, you open it. There's a video on how to use it. You just get about that. Right. Just go here. It's the success tracker. All right. How much you work on your goals? Track your income per day. How is this? You can track way more than just your calories because you want to track your protein more. But it does this part right here. It's the same thing I just showed you. It does your killer deficit. And then what's cool is it has a chart. This chart automatically populates by your weight. So you can actually watch your weight go. All right. In real time. So is that you could put you start tracking the income to one is to where actually I how much money make today, man, especially if you were a hustler. You get it. It gives you like a chart of it is really cool. All right. I made that for myself, but y'all can have a free is a notion template. Habit tracker. To wrap things up. First put a picture of yourself with your shirt off a chatty between what your body that percentage is. If it's 10% or lower, first you need the bulk. You're going to do it. And we're going to do heavy ab exercises. Lower repetitions in the 6 to 12 range. And you're going to be in a clorex surplus. You're actually going to be broken. You want to get at least 500 calories extra per day. If you are fat. Then the first thing we need to do is cut first. You may not have a 6 pack that looks like mine or a fucking 3D. Feel like I got a little fist pumping out my stomach. But you'll get the fucking V cuts and you'll be more attractive if you're not fat. I don't think I'll get much flack for that. You go in the shaggy between putting your stats around much fat you need to lose. And then remember how the fat you want to lose you have to burn 3500 calories. That was just mad. Get ourselves a fitness tracker. Start tracking how many calories we burn each day. And then we want to start tracking how many calories we consume each day. Fitness tracker is 100% accurate. Nothing is 100% accurate. Remember at food at the A labels are 100% accurate. We already discovered this. So if I were you I would overshoot it. Don't try to just be 500 calories. Like I would overshoot it. I would try to go over it from front and cut. Hey, let's say you're already in fantastic shape. And you want to learn how to get some fucking money. I made my first million as an online trainer. And I built a multi-seven figure of business from online training. Now I teach other people how to grow their online fitness businesses. I've helped over 15,000 people build successful full time online training businesses. If you want to learn more about that, I got a free ebook for you. It's free. It's called the 10 Commembs of online training. And give you more information about it. For real, this business is not a gift rich quick seem. You have to work really hard. And you may read the book and be like, oh shit man. I like making money when I want to work hard. Or you may read it and be like, This sounds like a viable option for me. I love fitness. I love helping people accomplish their goals. And I don't mind working hard to accomplish my goals. Especially if I'm helping other people accomplish their goals. Sound will tell you as soon as I can win win. Maybe that's you. It's 100% free. Please subscribe. Go download it right now.