I get a lot of questions from people asking, man how do I build more cop in? It's how do I believe in myself more? If people usually ask me this because their nervous or maybe have some trepidation about some new endeavor that they're going to embark in, whether it's starting a business. Going to a new school, moving out their parents house, going to a new city, maybe they're about to have kids, you know, they're not that girlfriend, and out of their worried about being a new dead. Whatever the case may be, the more cop in this you have and yourself, the better. In this video, I'm going to break down some things you can do to actually build confidence in yourself so you believe in yourself more. You so you have less fear when you go into these new situations, so you can attack your new endeavor with more enthusiasm and more vigor. And if done right, what this is going to do is put you in a better chance of succeed. When I hear people tell me man how do I get more confident? How do I believe in myself? How do I less fear? I usually think you know what man, if you don't have confidence in yourself now, this probably your reason for that. You probably shouldn't be confident in yourself, right, you have to give yourself a reason to be confident. So a lot of times when I say that people say no, you should just have confidence in yourself, you should just be confident. And they're confusing confidence with self love. It's okay to just love yourself, but it's not okay to just be confident in yourself, right? Like my son, he's, you know, is second grade, seven years old. I love him the depth. He's the most important thing in my life, but I don't have any confidence in him to like do regular shit. Like he can't go to school on his own. I don't have confidence to leave him home by itself over the weekend or some shit. In fact, they would take him away from me if I did that, right? That'd be neglect. The government wouldn't leave me to do that. No one has confidence in him, but I still love him, right? So the difference between confidence is self love. I think people misguided truth to frequently. Coping is comes for confidence. So there's two types of confidence. There's just confidence where they've the domain confidence, meaning like you are confident in your ability to do a certain thing. Then you have overall confidence where you have confidence and your ability to handle life's challenges or to handle particular tasks. Domain confidence would be like, if you was a plumber, you would do plumbing school. I don't know how people are in the plumber, right? But let's say you went to the plummet, plummet university. You got your masters in plumbing, majored in pipes. I don't know how it works, right? But you come out and you know how to plumb shit. You know, you basically are a brother. You really get a plumbing man. You wanted to best in the world. You've been being you come from long line of plummet. Your daddy was out here, plummet shit, right? And he taught you how to plumb when you was a kid. So if something's wrong, just think you have total confidence that you can actually fix that problem. Me, I never plump shit. I don't know if I saw a ranch in real life. I'm assuming that's a plumbing tool, right? But I don't even know what tool. I was going to shit about plumbing. I don't know shit about pipes. If I had confidence in my ability to do my own plumbing, that would be delusion. I'd be a fucking crazy person, you know? So a lot of times it's okay to not have domain confidence in something you shouldn't have confidence in. I shouldn't have confidence in my ability to do my own plumbing. I'm not trained in it. I never did it before. For me, if I was to have confidence in my ability to get it, it would be legit delusion, right? So how do you get domain confidence, right? You get that from practice, it comes from confidence. You've got to keep working at something until you get good at it. You've got to get trained and maybe you have a mince or maybe you studied the thing. You've probably done it for a long period of time and you have confidence in your ability to do it. Now I think everyone kind of knows that. And to get good at something, you just do it for a lot of time, maybe get some training. Or when we're talking about overall confidence, overall confidence is self. That comes from trusting yourself. You've got to build trust in yourself. So there's a lot of things in your life that you know you're supposed to be doing. And maybe stuff you're supposed to be doing every day, maybe habits. Maybe you've been trying to develop some good habits, you've been trying to eat right, you've been trying to work out better. Whatever it is, it was happening is most of us aren't doing those things every day. Things you know you're supposed to be doing. And because you know you're supposed to be doing something, you don't do it on a self-conscious level, that makes you trust yourself less. So when you want to do some big shit on a self-conscious level, you know fuck man, I can't even control the amount of food I put in my mouth. I can't even stop eating these candy and cakes. How am I going to start a seven-figure business? And it's this truth today, right? So it's going to be difficult for you to overcome these things because you're not doing little shit. The way I started to build my confidence is those of God who I really looked up to his name was Bill Phillips in the 90s. And he had a supplement line called EAS Fortune Nutrition. He later sold that company to Abbott Laboratories for about $100 million and that was in 2000, right? So worth a lot more money now. He's willing to double that. But Bill said in an article I read every day, write down five things, five things that you're going to do with that day. And no matter what get those five things done, you know a lot of times people say, make it sit like make your bad clean your room. But I don't think they should be bullshit stuff. I never made my bad in at least five years. Right? It's straight up. It should be said that we'll actually move you towards your goal. We don't want to just do busy work. We're just doing random shit. So for me, it was going to be, okay, I'm going to work out. I knew I might do I was at high school. I was like 16, 17 when I started doing this. I'm going to work out. I was at high school, right? So again, I'm going to study. And then you should be thinking the trip to make yourself do not regular shit. I'm going to eat food today. Like, okay man, these are exactly what I'm going to work out. I'm going to study. I'm going to wake up at five. That's what something I used to do when I was a kid. I woke up at five, 30. And I ran on my house. I was a crazy kid. woke up at five, 30. I was going to drink a gallon of water. Right? This is a simple shit, right? Oh, you know what I would read you like outside of school shit. I started reading. And I just said no matter what, I'm going to make sure I do these things every day. Right? And what happens is, when you start doing this shit, every day, right, you start doing what, trust yourself more. You start to believe in yourself more. You start to feel like, oh, man, I'm doing what I say I'm supposed to do. Right? And then you start to think, okay, what else? What else can I do? And then these things start becoming more difficult. Or at the time, you can do it more copies of your ability to put more difficult things on this list. Right? Working out is not something you have to fucking say, how are we going to work out that animal over drinking down the way? It becomes regular. We're replacing this stuff with more difficult things. And these five things. And then what happens is, make you start to trust yourself. Like as you build it habits. And you know you're doing things that are moving you and you're the right direction. And you have a record that you've been doing the right things over a law period of time. Things you have to make sure you do these things every day. Because if you don't do these things every day, what happens is you're going to trust yourself less. I think about it. It's like, um, if somebody curious about, say, hey, I'm going to do this for you. I'll do this. I'm going to do this. And it's going to help you. It's going to help you. Oh, it over again for a long period of time. How much confidence are you going to have in that person? That person is you. But imagine you were doing the things that you're supposed to do every day. And you have a record that you've been doing the shit for a long period of time. For example, somebody told you, I was going to do this for you and it's going to help you accomplish your goals. And they do it every day or longer for you to trust that person. Yes, would you have confidence in that person? Yes, that person is you. You got to give yourself a foundation to stand on. So everything you do or don't do, it's like you're casting a vote. You're voting for the person you want to be. You want to be bitch. It has my fucker. You want to be a real one. A motherfucker who does what he's supposed to do when he's supposed to do it, whether you feel like it or not. And what really helps you out is you build some sort of tracker. So I created something for you to more sophisticated than writing shit on no books. So we got here this is something called the Victory Vision Planner. And as you can download links in your description, it has two things. One, the ambition planner and the success tracker. So when the success tracker, this is data for one of my people watching. Right. Anyway, so basically I had him track how many hours he worked on his main goal each day. I had him track his income each day. Boom. Right. And then I had him track the health stuff like how much he slept. If he worked out or not. And now we have a record. Oh man, he worked out 80% of the time, which is the goal right. He was supposed to have an average of four hours a day. He started working on this thing called man he's doing it. Boom. And then he was tracking his calories and his macros. If he tracks every day, this stuff that will really help him accomplish his weight, laws go. He lost a lot of weight over time. And then when it's you download this, you can delete this. And you can actually add more habits if you want. You don't change the income and don't change the weight because these are the results of what you do. This shows that what you're doing is working. This shows what you're doing. So don't change the income and don't change the weight because these grass will populate based off which you type in here. For example, if I go here and I change, let me just change it. Say you may $14,000, right? You'll see the graph jump up. The great you see the graph jump up. And you'll have it for yourself. It's just duplicate this every month. But what happens is you could actually add more habits here if you want. And then you can see how often you actually do this shit and what you start doing it every day you guess what you're going to believe in yourself. Because you're doing the things that help you accomplish your goals. You know, I'm a maniac about this. I track everything. I started with just those five things that build Phillips it. But you know, my much, my trafficer is elaborate. I've talked about it here. You want to download this. This is 100% free. It's a little bit of a description. But what's going to happen, guys, is once you start building a record, you have like a visual record, if you're doing the things you're supposed to do every day, how could you not believe in yourself more? How could you not have more competency in yourself? And this will translate into the domain confidence. If we go back to the plumbing example, I might not have cumbersome ability to plumb. But because I have confidence in my ability to do what I say I'm going to do, what's my habit is I'll have cumbersome ability to learn how to plumb. Right? Because now I have evidence to show that when I set out to do something, I do it. It translates to your domain expertise, right? But you have more confidence in yourself. And then what's going to happen? You're going to start setting bigger goals. And you'll do a set of confidently. You'll be able to think bigger. You'll be able to stand on all these results. You'll be able to stand on weeks or months of you doing the right thing every day. And then from that, it will give you the confidence to shoot desire. If you want, I have another video on exactly how to use this tracker. And all this stuff it does, go watch that video now. All right.