I need you for your social media to not This is such a dumb of the best game and any guy can do this What are like? Three things a man can do to improve not only is like but his sexual market value Yeah, number one is the network like we talked about before like so networks give you access So it's one of these things that you you know being on the other end of it I know that in every city there's parties with beautiful women that you as a man are not invited to Because you have a penis and they don't need you there. They don't want you there They don't want they seriously don't want you there and at those parties It's like four girls for every guy Because there's these places that are awesome that are going on that you're not invited to because your network It doesn't trust you and people don't see any valued in you So one of the first things I tell guys it's really cool a lot of people don't like hearing this But your value to society not your family But your value to society is based on your utility the more problems you solve and you'll notice like when I go out with you or if I go out with Last or if I go out with Justin Waller or my go out with some of you guys our conversations were always solving problems Yeah, what do I do with my sales team? How do I run these ads? We're always solving problems for one another And we build value in one another's eyes because of that that's how we became wealthy This is because we saw problems So the first thing I'm gonna say is have an incredible network and that network with those guys that you meet that are Do you considered be high status or if you want to be a mentor for? Figure out how to solve problems for them Sometimes they didn't even know they had don't ask them what problems they need solved either That's the hard part because now you're creating another problem for if all you did with solve problems for other people and ask for nothing in return You'd be shot damn flightman is probably the best example of this you'd have just infinite access to anything you want it Yeah, second thing I'll say is you need to figure out a way to at least show perceived status on social media I need you for your social media to not disqualify you. Okay. Yeah, you don't you don't have to be fucking Dade or So what we have is there's pre-selection photos which is the ones with the girls you don't have to post those Some of it so my clients do then there's candid photos of you just doing cool stuff with your friends And the trick is having a buddy and he takes candid photos of you and you take candid photos of him And we teach you how to do this step by step in the course and then the third part Well, I don't want to skip over there because that's like marketing right marketing image, you know And I wouldn't people say I don't do social media No, it's like it would be like in the 80s not having a business card or like you know If you're a billionaire if you want to an Academy Award you want an NBA champion Yeah, you don't you don't need social media for the rest of you if you're a man the idea that you're going to go out and date Attractive women if you are sitting there with the hurricane and you make a million a month and you live in Miami You're right you probably can by word of mouth just bank super hot chicks that you meet on seeking arrangement I'm not telling you that you can't I'm talking about for the other 99% of men the average guy in the United States is five foot nine And when they say that's not what they prefer in the average guy in the United States makes $59,000 a year And women really don't prefer that you know the average guy in the United States is overweight and women really don't prefer that either And so when you see those things you're like, I how does that guy get the access to a girl who's out of his league Go back to the study I said before having them putting them in the friends own having them See your attractive qualities for a number of months She doesn't friends on you you're not her gay friend. Yeah, you're not you got you still have boundaries My home girls will tell me stories and I'll be like, oh, that was pretty fucking stupid You should have broken up with that guy. I talked to them like they're a dude But we're friends and I do that And they're like you said nine months. There's no correlate you can be ugly and data super hot girl This data is clear on this you guys don't know some of you guys are out there But 99% of you watching this your social media's garbage if you're a man and if you had one awesome photo of you with some girls on a red carpet smiling I'm in a great time where they're happy to see you that photos worth 20 grand to you You don't realize it is but it's worth 20 more than that 30 grand to you Because you don't really having one photo where girls are like oh other girls like being around the sky. Yeah, oh, okay I am gonna open his messages when I talk to you Yeah, okay, I'm not gonna put him in the request folder the thing about social media It's not everything but it's so little effort for such a massive return You have to do it. I know this girl man. I was cool there like I hired some of her She trained sales people to sick us Shelby. Yeah, right? She trained sales people we hire some of her girls to do some stuff and she had posted You know it's the graph my perfect guy doesn't even have social media. She posted this right miss She just got a boyfriend to do got 2 million dollars It's always like that It's like she's saying though, but guys, please Rule number one in men of action is stop listening to the words and just pay attention to people's actions Women on social media complaining about they don't want to date men or on social media where are they complaining on social media? Stop listening to the words Even like that's why like when we're we're gonna be our first to fit and grow say I want this guy What's got in my retros get them a Lord of sand's like my right my image. She means that but she's not lying But it doesn't fucking mad. Yeah, just not her. I know girls said oh, I don't usually date black guys But they will be with me. Yeah, the old time ago. Big yeah The third thing is what we said before putting hundreds of women in the friends on it's so weird It's like you just flow through these social interactions When you have two beautiful women with you you just flow through these interactions You get invited to everyone everyone wants to know your name everyone tries to get your IG everyone gets your phone number Just if you don't believe me try it. Just try it one time for me When I was managing strip club I remember there was one day where one of the girls comes to me and goes Hey, we're all gonna celebrate so-and-so's birthday I'm gonna go to sixth street in Austin and we're gonna celebrate so-and-so's birthday So I go there and it's me and it's 20 girls and I'm the only guy there and my thought is oh damn Other girls are gonna see me and think one of these girls my girlfriend and not like me or oh my god Why have to buy alcohol for all these girls? Again, I'm 21. I don't know any better. Of course. What happens? They don't even check my ID when I walk in the club Okay, they don't charge the girls for anything because I'm with 20 hot girls Yeah, and women are coming up to me literally just like almost Groping me like who is this dude with 20 girls? I didn't understand mate choice copying in humans But like I didn't know that's what it was called back then I just thought we just called it pre-selection back then you know I met the late Kevin Samuels I came cool and but when I first met in our member I was at Mastros, right? And I was at Mastros with like two girls. Yeah, we were at sitting at a table outside and then I had to go to the front for some and I saw Kevin I was like he didn't know I was right. Yeah, this one and he was kind of like trying to be like cool He didn't want to be bothered. I was all there and then I went back and I was sitting I was eating with two girls right and then Kevin was sitting next to him. He was by himself. Maybe I don't know if he it was it was pretty early right The end of me he's come over starts always like that. It's always like that. It's always like that I can tell you so many of my friends right now who are either extremely successful Well, the or whatever I met them because they saw me with a group of girls. Yeah, and I introduced them to the girls And I was just chill about it whatever so that we were talking about money you know before The issue with money is this using money to create a funnel to bring beautiful women Is the correct way to do it using money because as a crutch because you don't know how to generate attraction is the wrong way So creating a funnel meaning like I have a mansion in mid-beach and I have parties every week We have brunch and then we invite a bunch of girls and everyone has to dress and white and we have it in its catering And I'm not directly giving the girls the money but women want to be seen in my house I am gonna be surrounded by women. So using money as a funnel to bring beautiful women into my life That's okay using money is a crutch buying a girl a bag who I'm going on the first date with that's insanity But men are doing this all the time and I know cuz women are telling me Yeah, I got a girl come over my house the other day. She's on she's on What's that app sex panther? It's kind of like only fans whatever And they but they charge by the men Expanse sex panther they charge by the minute she's on there and like we're watching a I will the last of us or some show she goes oh I got to take this call goes up Takes the call comes back because I just made $355 like the guy just like just wanted to talk to me for a long time I was like what the fuck that's crazy anything that you can think as far as depraved rich men Right women are getting this which is inflating their egos to what they can get and it's just ruining for everyone Oh, so my advice is to not play that game instead the game I would get into is Presurrection and social proof having women Tell other women that you are an attractive man. I get I have two female friends like they they're like incredible I call my sergeants. They know exactly what to say to girls to get them interested in me They're both like married or they're in relationships and they're just trying to help me It's one of the craziest things I've ever seen is when you have a woman who can do that how amazing that is For for uplifting your life and then also building your business. It's just incredible the guests I get on my show a lot of times there's because of woman introduced me I'm the I am the host of swimsuit USA's world championship is a woman who won the thing Recommended me to get that job. I have a bunch of job. I work at Part time is a a trade or I'm a quant for a small fund and the reason I got that job was because of Woman and Karen Bruton who taught me how to trade stock options Right so it's like it was connections that happened because women would introduce me to other women Oh, women would introduce me to men and so it's just one of the biggest cheat codes But the problem is you as a man if you've been hurt by women you have to get over that initial Wait, they're subhuman. I don't fuck all these three or four is blah blah Need free I'm taking the frame. Let's say on this three or fours are a great way to fucking network Don't date them you need to be friends with more hose Yeah, don't date them. I'm not telling you to date them. I'm not telling you to marry them be friends with them Almost every billion-air-eyed met. It's been some model who introduced me It's almost always that way that's the thing. It's kind of hard for guys to grasp and then there's a great book She's a professor of sociology at Boston University and her name's Ashley Meyers really great. She did woman as a PhD And she was a runway model and so she went undercover as a bottle rat for two years and then just basically Describe the whole models and bottles seen from her perspective as a woman being a PhD in psychology And one of the things she talked about was in the Hamptons. This is some incredible wealth that you got in the Hamptons, right? The only way guys could get into every party in the Hamptons was what do you think? Have a girls having girls with them incredible networking opportunities Or to be had because you had girls you couldn't buy your way into these these parties You had to have girls with you like that's the thing. I just keep trying to explain to guys But it's so antithetical to modern matchmaking pick-up advice just typical dating advice whatever Can most guys be friends with most women? No most men cannot be friends with my female friends because they're too attractive If you do 15-month deployment in Afghanistan, you can't be friends with women if you do work in jail for 10 years and you can out first woman You see you can't be friends with them, but if you have some level of sexual abundance You're sleeping with women right? Right? This connection is so pretty easy. It sounded like you're saying the guys who say Who say don't be friends with girls the guys who don't really get pussy Yeah, what I'm hearing but if you get it Also here's the other thing you're you're in my one or four is our standards that probably going up What you find is physically attractive for me? Dude when I was in college 18 or 80 blind cripple crazy. I didn't care You know, I was in college. I didn't care. I was just like Wow sex is incredible. Oh my god. I was in a sexual deficit Right? That's how it was in my 20s and my 40s. I'm super picky So because I'm a most women or not that attractive to me Very easy to be friends with women. You're not trying to do it. Yeah, if I would recommend if you find a woman You're not attracted to that's a great person to put in the friends up But not to try to focus. I think what guys fuck it up is it would a day we're shit We're trying to fuck their friends friends own yeah, you get friends Don't try to fuck your friends like a fucking weirdo like actually I have girlfriends and fuck their friend Yeah, or like whether women they help you introduce to it's always the same thing on meter girl Like she says she has a boyfriend but she's like perfect 10 in mind On me I'll complete no show or no sexual intent whatsoever. I'll invite her to all my events Yeah, meet her friends. She'll have me over for parties. We'll do card night whatever we do friend stuff And it should have a hot female friend or roommate whatever And I'm sleeping with her. I end up sleeping with the other one almost every time the first Oh really because because she's watching because she's watching I give it from her standpoint. It's like there's this guy who other women find attractive We don't fight there's no drama There's nothing and I just keep watching all these other women want to sleep with him laugh around him whatever This is the part guys will understand a traction isn't a choice if a woman keeps seeing you in attractive situations one after another if she just keeps seeing beautiful women attracted to you She's going to become attracted to you and she can't help it that is so it's so hard for for So first of all women don't even admit that this is true What I'm telling you is that if you had a ton of female friends and they were competing for your attention Yeah, there's no game they can't help but become attracted to you. It's an evolutionarily program And that's what makes it so difficult and I'm the only person since oh wait who's been teaching I mean if you ever if you ever you know talked to like a club or motor or If you forget a club or like a male script like some guy who's just a despise Been with hundreds of hundreds of hundreds of mm-hmm if you ask them you're like so every girl you get with is a sex worker She's a slut and they're like no Yeah, I get a female accountants who've been with one guy their whole life. Yeah, that's like wait I thought because you're a man who slept with a bunch of women you only get because of a sort of Mating and fucking Uh sociosexuality you only get slutty women no women are attracted to attractive men Yeah, and men having high body counts does not make them less attractive I know women will say that but then but we've been really honest. They mean they mean when they say It's just not true, but it's just not yeah It's just not it really doesn't have that even effect Dr. David Busromut Austin He does a 37 culture study and he asks men about their preferences for virginity or how many sexual partners and they ask women And for women in like Scandinavian countries a man who was a virgin at 25 she thought he was weird Anyone at high body counts in those Scandinavian countries were not seen as the slightest bit odd whatsoever. I've heard a girl say a guy like that is like mid 30s of 40 Not married doesn't have any kids Is weird it is and but they'll sleep with it. That's what's crazy Sometimes I feel grossly blue like oh women nobody wanted to sleep no one after you didn't know it with the Mary Like they look at him like it's almost negative social proof if you like R.A.s They they use the term Peter Pan syndrome Peter Pan syndrome what it means is a man who doesn't want to grow up if you're a woman and you're dating a rich Sussan man and he doesn't want to settle with you and also he has So it's a coping mechanism. Yeah, it's a coping mechanism. It's just it's a coping Georgia You're weaponizing words like like toxic mask You're weaponizing words to try to to fit your narrative and think about that It's a coping mechanism, but just think about like this right? It's like I didn't grow up It's like okay, hold on if we were to get married the percentage chance of us getting divorce in here It's higher, but in national average 56% chance of getting divorce Higher man, it's probably got entire taxes cities like this. Oh, yeah 56% chance of divorce got it 80% of divorces are initiated by women women So you're telling me that you take me not allowing you to take half my shit Yeah, I mean not growing up. That's my Peter Pan syndrome Bro, it is crazy to me. It's like no for those of you guys who are out there watching this There's someone in your family someone in you know or some data mail cuck fucking female Panter who's telling you that you are less of a man because you're not choosing to wipe up some girl single mom Whatever and my point is to you if you wanted to stay single There's nothing wrong with that you're not a bad person because you chose to keep your options Whatever you want no matter what I'm here to tell you It's okay if you want to be single it's also okay if you want to have kids I'm incredible thing that but it's also okay if you want to have something Whatever you want to do you know regardless of what Chris GQ Perry tells you or any of those weirdos There's like you're not strong enough to date a mayor of a woman who has a kid I'm like what the fuck you thought they're not better than me when are men gonna step up? I'm like what if I don't want to do that? This is for this for how do you? Words for that there's this one for the ladies if you have any female friends and they say stupid shit like this He did he broke up with you because he's intimidated by your six. Oh, that's the worst It's not that I'm intimidated by you. I don't for whatever reason. I don't like pickles I don't know why I just don't like pickles. Yeah, I'm not intimidated by pickles Just it's a preference for me and not be with them. I'm not intimidated by you having a job I just I have a preference for not dating masculine women That's all it is. It's a preference that I have it doesn't mean that I'm intimidated But the problem is this it's obviously it goes back to the weaponization Yeah, this this problem has two issues to it and that is it's destroying women as well You're giving women terrible advice No, you're too masculine and difficult to be in a relationship with but your friend instead of allowing you to improve yourself has Lie to you and told you that he left because he's intimidated. Yeah, you're you a too much You would just too much for you. What are you total? You are too much but he's not intimidated Do I really want to be with a woman who works 80 hours a week? I want sex I'm not gonna be with someone who can't make time for me that has underdo with me being intimidated It's a preference have you seen this like the like if you got successful female friends who are like making a lot of money Yeah, it's difficult for them to find I'm dabbing dinner with a friend of mine Tomorrow and she makes over half a million a year This is sales job and she's told me the exact same thing and it's not her fault and I love her and I'm not saying anything She's doing is wrong for her but the situation is she's so beautiful and she's so Makes so much money that from her standpoint It's like there's no guy that can really compete and then when she finds guys that can stand up to what she wants Like they are either they have too many options according to feminists What should happen is that if women make more money than men then this necessity for women to want to date rich men should vanish Yeah, if you are a feminist you believe that did so they go to countries where women make more money than men Norway sweet and Finland they go to those countries and you know what those women want? What are men who make even more money than them? Rihanna was making hundreds of millions a year dating a billionaire It's like even when they had all their needs met they still wanted men who made more than even them Here's the other problem with that what that statement that I just said we talk about gender norms the gender norms of staying at home with the kids and nurturing all this stuff These gender norms that are perpetrated by patriarchy. I'm like wait a second who are women We're warning with sex is that a certain dominant and vicious males you're telling me if I am assertive and I'm dominant I'm a vicious that I get more sex. Well, then guess what my children are gonna be they're gonna be assertive and they're gonna be Emicious and they're gonna be dominant males competitive males. I want to ask you question everything I agree with everything is saying but it's one thing that that's not always one of them And yeah, it's always confused me some of the guys get the most busy that I've ever that I've ever met was unemployed the media yes in New York I don't know if they just got more time or did but they got no job. Yes This is one dude. I heard a story Yeah, right what is dude? He was working at like Zara or some shit like that right he cheated on his girlfriend And she took him back right the he was broke working at Zara using what in like how does that work? Okay, so we remember in the ancestral period meaning before the agriculture revolution There's no money No one has money. Yeah money is just a corollary for Competency so you could have other things besides if you're a big strong man That's a resource that's like money and to some women because women find different things attractive Some women only care about money. Some women don't care about money at all There's some women out there who only care about a man's looks don't care about anything else There's some women out there who will only date tall men even if they're ugly and there's some women out there who only date incredibly handsome men Even if they're short the reason why this guy is crushing it is because probably some level of physical attractiveness But you want to know the other thing almost guarantee you was there she heard from her friends that he fucks really good That's what it is He heard from her friends that this guy's good in bed. This is a way out off topic here But rule number six in M.O.A. is no one needs to know how much money you make her who you're fucking or where you live From 10 crack amendments by a big excuse. They don't need to know where you stay at right? No one needs to know your business. You don't need to qualify to anyone You do not need to tell your boys you bang to 10 But if she brags to her friends that she banged Oh my god If when you have that happen, so I ended up hooking up with a Girl that had been friends with more than nine months exactly like the survey said probably the most attractive woman in my mind That I'd ever been with we ended up hooking up and then her best her roommate was one of my good friends And I didn't tell her roommate that I slept with her Yeah, but she told her roommate I slept with her. Do you want to know what happened next? I know exactly. You guys is like a Amazon Yeah, and I am absolutely with the roommate and that's obviously what happened next because yeah because it didn't even matter That she said that I was good. It's that she's bragging about having sex with me Do you understand what a paradigm flip that is what I'm recommending is have a social circle have her see other women Interact with you and just like offer her value. Okay, man. Yeah, help you up. There's one girl I'm seeing now. I just helped her with her podcast So she met me with my girlfriend. I just helped her with her podcast and then when I'm gonna go from broke up Then I started seeing her because all she saw was attractive qualities in me the whole time and I never hit on her one single time That's the trick and guys don't understand that but it flips the paradigm me having a beautiful girlfriend was Testim it to her. Okay, there must be some good stuff going on with this guy And I never bragged about any of it and then when we had the opportunity then the whole the whole whole thing flip And so that's really hard for guys to grasp and any guy can do this It doesn't matter how short you are how brown you are or if you're from a small town Whatever, this is always it's capable for everyone and here's the other thing like I'm almost 50 the women I date I'm seeing a girl right now is 1st 23144 and 1st 28 They don't look at me like I'm 50 because I'm in shape Yeah, the reason why women say they don't want older men Sometimes it's because older men in this country are fat Choosing to keep yourself in shape. That's it. That's a big. It makes a big deal It does man you can be could you imagine like a competition for women versus you when you were 22? Oh, yeah today you killed that good dude because I was I was really handsome when I was yeah I was like I was on billboard. Yeah, you're male. Yeah So I have some stiff competition but my resources Yeah, right like I even though it might not be a neck category anymore, right like yeah But it's like now it's like the other at the actually which saying but but the 22 year old me I would be like I would completely outpace him because when I do as I get the girl to talk about herself I'd introduce her I have a very strong rule if I like a girl I introduce her to a girl I'm sleeping with Come on me It works it works it's just some of the best game like honestly that I've heard in a long time You know, I don't need it of course right like this is something like such a saying it's some of the fucking really Sit that I've never heard people say and that I agree with or because we just took the data from evolutionary psychology and sociological studies And then we compare it to men who actually had sex with women not guys who said they had to sex Successful women not pick up artists who were spinning girls around and picking them up and getting instant makeouts That's not sex. That's not success with women We so we found guys who actually had successful women and we compared that to what the sociological data was giving us And then came out with a framework that is bullet proof We're working. They find out more about you go to mou a mentoring dot com. Yeah, could you go there and you can see that they'll we can sign up for like a free audit That we do of your social media and we go through a bunch of stuff like that I also have a group on school The amount of action for them. If you want to join us five dollars a month. Oh, you guys can join it We have free calls that we do in there