I've been trading for the last five years. Trading futures to be specific. This year I've been making a lot of money. And in this video, I'm going to show you my whole trading strategy and show you how you can start making money trading futures. I'm going to give you my whole setup, my breakdown, everything I do. So you can start getting some of this paper as well. The reason I've been making so much more money this year than I have in the past because in the past I was trading with my own money. And that's fine. But this year I started trading with something called a problem for them. So this is when you can get funded accounts. And you can trade with other people's money. Now you have to pay to get a funded account. And then you have to pass an evaluation. And then what you pass a trading evaluation, you have to make a certain amount of profit. Then you get to trade with them one. And the cool thing about the problem that I use is called apex trader funding. You can have 20 funded accounts at a time. And you can trade with all of them simultaneously. So this is a screenshot from this morning. So I traded with one account and it copied everything to every other account. Some of the fills were different. You can see what I made on each account, trade in this morning. And I've been posting this every day on my Instagram as well. So follow me on Instagram, King Keto. You see all my trades every morning. But I posted this on Instagram. This is about 18 grand. If you've got a minus to send the account because I have to send the account on here. Just on here. But when you get a funded account on apex is PA. So this is a PA account. And apex has been paying me too. A lot of people say apex has been paying me. This is my login to apex trader funding. And you can see that I requested from all my accounts. I have a block that so you don't see my account number for security reasons. But you can see that on the 27th, I requested 27.50. Right from each account because they won't let me take the whole thing out. But this time which I requested from each account. And you can see I got a proof. So they send it as money. This is live me in apex. I did try to make a request before that. They got the night. But this one is these got approved. Total, this is about 50 grand to the pay me. And like since if you see it when I got the night for the pay out is the 15th. Two days later I requested another pay out 50 grand. One account they denied. I don't feel like on here. But this is really, this is my PA's PA payments. Now I'm gonna bring down my trading strategy and everything. But it reset after they so it's not here anymore. What it, the trade for today. But again, these are 50 K accounts. And you can see that I'm up like net localization. This means how much I, is in each account now. It's basically I'm up like 12,300, 1300, some of them, 1400 each account. This is like a quarter million dollars in like a month. This is the reason I've been making so much more money trading futures because I just have so much leverage now. And I have trade with other people's money instead of trading with my own money. I want to break down my whole strategy and how I trade. We're only trading one instrument. Me is NASDAQ futures or in Q. That's it. That's the only thing I'm trading. And the reason you want to trade the same instrument over and over is because you kind of start to learn it. You kind of start to understand how it moves. You get a feel for it after you get a few hundred hours of trading. It's kind of like having sex with a woman. Some of you have had sex with women. Not all of you. And you know, you can have sex with one woman one way and it can be the best she ever had in a life. You can do the exact same moves. What another woman is, she thinks is the worst. And they're both right. And it's all your fault. Well, that's what it's like every instrument moves differently. It has different proclivities and it behaves differently. So you want to get to know the instrument well, you don't need to do that without because those of you have sex with a woman. And if she let you do it again, you've been with that same woman. You start to learn each other body. Sometimes it gets better. It's like that with that all relationship. Like even my girlfriend, like she got to app the track her menstrual cycle. And I'm like, I don't need to app. It's going to be on the 14th. I just know. Been together three years and we were friends for two years before that. So I already know when it's coming up. Well, she's going to start acting crazy. It's going to be the 14th. I'll need your app. Just ask me, chat BBC. But it's like that when you trade one instrument over and over again. Another reason why I'm a profitable trader is because I practiced. When I first started trading, I did over 200 hours of practice trading. Simulated trading. So what I would do is I'll download data from different days and I would practice trading. When I tried coming the hours, I got 200 hours of trading. The strategy I'm going to show you on the same instrument. If you do that with anything, you're going to get good. Where you go grab a guitar, 200 hours, you're going to be decent. But then if you account for all the years, I'll be trading. I've got like maybe a thousand hours. But I made sure I got that 200 hours of practice. My strategy is wildly different than what Air anyone is teaching on the internet. If you've been trading any other way, it might not make sense to you. You might think it's bullshit. But I would like you to suspend your disbelief momentarily in just as yourself. Are you more profitable than me? Do you got a quarter million dollars in profit in your fucking fun to the account or real life account? If not, maybe, just maybe you should shut the fuck up and listen. That's what I would do. I watched other people's trading content. It only recently, like I wasn't watching other people's trading content, even though I'm friends with some people who make it. I wasn't watching it because I just knew they were doing something so different than me. But recently, I've been watching other people's shit and their shit seems way more complicated than what I'm teaching. It always makes me laugh. It's like, you know, this shit is nerdy. I'm not gonna say mine is better, mine is better for me. You might think it's better for you. You might not. You might want to do what someone else is doing. And that's cool. But just approaches what to open mine. So what I do is I trade on the 15 minute chart. It's already, that's already wacky. And the indicators I have, I know like a lot of guys don't use indicators that use in ICT strategies. Bab, bab, bab, bab, bab. No use in the case. Hey, I like indicators. So what I have are, this is one of the indicators like the order blocks that these red lines. You can ignore that. One of my boys put that on here when I first learned Ninja Trader is his proprietary thing. But I kind of ignore it. So you can ignore that. Just pretend that's not there. I just didn't take it off because I got used to it. The indicators I have are the 200 EMA, the 50 EMA, the 21 and the 21 EMA. They're the main indicators. Not chart looks on that, especially compared to the other guys. What you're adding to it, this white line is the 200 EMA. If the price is underneath the 200 EMA, I'm looking for shorts. This only works on the 50 minute chart. If it's above the 200 EMA, I'm looking for longs. Todd, I decide the direction. What I do is on the 50 minute chart. I wait until price balances off either one of these trend lines or one of the EMAs. Now here's the thing. I go in one contract D and it's important you have at least an account size of 150k in your funder account or your evaluation account. I'm going to show you some videos of my trades this morning. There's a stop loss but only because you can't need a stop loss to trade with apex but it's like way out of the way. I behaved like there's no stop loss. It's very important because if price goes against me, I will add another contract at the next either trend line that I drew. So I draw the trend lines or EMA, right? The next resist. So I was going short this morning, right? So if one price went against me, I added another contract and I moved my take profit up. So this is the King Keto Scout. I'll show you what it looks like. Go here. You have this go fuck with the stop loss. The reason is so large because I really just wanted out of the way. I'm ignoring it and I'm going for 20 ticks for my take profit. So on NQ, this would give you like $100 every time you hit your take profit. That's the template. The stop is just there because I think you need to stop for apex but I'm totally ignoring it. Because what I'm going to do is I'm going to buy my way out of it. If it goes against me, I'm going to put in another contract at the next either trend line or EMA and I'll go a few deep. If I end up adding another contract, I move my take profit up. Let me show you what that looks like. It's not the best video because I took it with my meta glasses. But let's watch it. So what you can see is these are these were sell orders. These are sell orders and they're stacked up at the EMA's and supporting resistance. Now this is the 15 minute chart. I keep the two minute chart up. You don't have to do this. This is something I do. I just watched the two minute chart. It's two minute chart. It's kind of there like just an indicator. I just like to watch it but I'm kind of ignoring it. Really I'm trading off the 15 minute chart. When I'm traveling and I don't have two screens, it's only a 15 minute chart. Let me show you what this looks like. So I'm going in. This is the open right. You hear young candlestick on discord in the background saying what up to people. Whoa. I am. I'm so afraid you're not in the job. I'm in it. Hit my sell order is going to get me in it. Look what the stop loss is. I'm totally ignoring it. You would never hear no one else say this. How much you risk portray how risk it all. I'll give a fuck. It's not my money. It's a profit right. Now I'd have a tight stop that if I was to work with trading one my money. But let's keep going. All right. It's my take profit. Okay. So it happened a hit my sell order. So what I'm doing now is I'm moving to take profit up because I don't need as much to get my honey dollars. Got home. It didn't hit my take profit. Boom. 30 seconds in the market open. That's how I started my day off. And I took some trades in the pre-market too. But that's how I trade. And then when you do that, it like these other sellers are here to get you race as you can see. They just go away. This is a unique strategy. You may be thinking, if the price keeps going against you, when do you cut your losses if you're like ignoring the stop loss? Like I behave like there's no stop loss. And basically, it's a mental stop loss. I go off of vibes. I'm legit trading off the vibes because I've been bugging trading in queue futures. I'd have hundreds and hundreds of hours on the same instrument with the same strategy. So I just feel good about what I'm doing. So even if it goes against me, I'll just buy more and then move my take profit. Here's another example of it. Now this one wasn't as clean as that one. I think this was pre-market. So you see, I'm in the trade now. I hit my seller order and you see I have other sale orders stacked up. And here's the thing. I don't think it's going to go through all this resistance. It's going to shoot up past all this resistance at once. Look out price move, especially on a 15 minute. If it goes up or if it goes down, it doesn't go in a straight line. Right? It has dips. Boom. It's always a wave up or down. And I'm riding the wave. I'm future surfing. So the things you got to be with the trend with the overall trend. So I'm in this trade, watch it go against me. And I'm just watching the show called Get Up. Then I have other shit on my other computer. But I'm chilling. I'm in a negative eyed trip in. This trade is going against me. It's looking bad. And then you see, just having there, it hit my other buy order. Right? So now I'm losing money twice as fast. Loddy, all my focus is a panic. But I'm way cooler than you. So I'm chilling. See where it is right at the moving average. That's where I had it. Watch what happens. See how the latest on phone design. Okay. Oh, and then I moved. I moved my take profit up. Basically half. Halfway where it was. Because I don't need as much. An anxious about having a run. It was an exit trip or something. It's basically hell. All right. So now we just chilling. Listen man. This stop loss is like off the screen. I'm in your way. All right. See his bouncing. I'm just watching. Yes, be in chilling. I need to be. Okay. Now it's profitable. But my take profit yet. La, blah, blah, blah, let's see if we can move it up. It's still negative. I've been in the straight for a man long. I'm just chilling. All right. Let's see what happens. Okay. Now look. You can see better on the two minute. It's moving down. It's shot up. Right. It's cool. My buyers. But now it's coming down to the take profit. And I'm chilling. I'm watching. Yes, be in. Sometimes I'm playing guitar or I'm doing this shit. It's about to give me my take profit. There you go. Boom. Hit the take profit. Yeah. And that was like a hundred fifty dollars per hour. So it was three thousand dollars because they have been on twenty e counts. And that's what I do. I mean, I mean, the balls eat no stop loss. Gangsters shit. It only works on a fifteen minute chart because a fifteen minute chart is just, I don't know, it just makes more sense to me. I draw a trend lines too, right? What's the funny man? I've been drawing trend lines all month. And you can see all. I keep them up. They steal act that support and resistance. So I can go back here. This is a trend line. I drew fucking days ago. It's still acting in that support and resistance weeks later. So I keep it up. Look until this gets too messy then I got to start fucking. This look what happens. Like look at look at it. It's shot down pre-market boom. You can see a bouncing off support and resistance. You can see a bouncing off the moving average. This is what I do this out this out. If we go back here, look how many contracts deep. I was willing to go in. I was willing to go ball's deep. I was willing to go four contracts deep. Because I didn't think it was going to blast pass all this without coming to. And I would have kept moving my take profit. And I don't think it would have went past all it is without hitting my take profit. Or it could have. It just hasn't been my experience. And you just got to know how to draw to put the support and resistance. And you know, you got to be ballsy to do that shit. Because sometimes I'll be like, I'll end up five contracts deep. That means the trade really went against me. But then what happens is the break even moves up. Right? Break even moves. So you I moved my take profit closer to breaking even. But to the point because you don't need as much. I just want to get 100 dollars or so. Each trade is ball'sing almost nobody trades like this. That's how I do it. I'm just trying to get 20 ticks. About a hundred dollars a trade. Sometimes it's clean sometimes it's not. The alkali let me know if you'll see anybody else traded like this. But I am the only person. And here's the thing. You don't need to have a lot of money. I'm using a proper amount trading with their money. Going in with small size and scaling up if it goes against me. So it gives me room to be wrong. Now there's a few things you should see. This is my trade is set up. The other monitors are connected. The only monitor connected to this laptop is this one right here. This is like my other my other computers is weird. Don't worry about it. But what you need to pay attention to is this. This is a string deck mini. So I have I have hotkey set up on Ninja trader. And this is by market. So if I see it's something happens real fast. I need to just buy boom hit that button. It's like a joystick. Sell market if I need to go short. Boom I hit this. Then if I need to move to a break even stop. I hit this almost never use that shit though. But like is there if I feel like okay. I hit go break even and then sometimes I need to just get out of a trade. Boom take profit otherwise if you're on Ninja trader you got to do this. I got to move up move around and it's like cumbersome. I'm in fuck that. I also have hotkey set up on my mouse. So this is the lie detector. MX Master 3S. So these buttons you can program. This button here is sale market. This button here is buy market. So I did also do it from my mouse. I like to do a better on a string deck. But when I'm traveling it's just I just program the disk boom and I can just do it off here. This is take profit like close position. That's unique. I haven't seen anybody talking about it. Let me know if you're other guys are doing it. I'll be watching other traders shit. And as basically it's like super simple way of trading. But you got to have nuts. Like I see other people saying man you're going to have risk to pursue. I'm risk to get this much like y'all man. I'm risking it all every trade bitch nigga. It's strategic. You know my win rate is just like super hot. You can see how I'm up. You can see how much I'm up. Is right here. I'm covering up the numbers for security reasons. But you can see these up. And I'm up man like I'm up like a fucking quarter million. If you want to learn more about this. How to get a funded account so you don't have to risk your own money. If you want to learn more about my straightening. My trading strategy more in depth. If you have questions you want to ask me. I'm doing a live training next week where I show you exactly how to do it. The link is in the description. I'm going to break down everything. I'm going to weigh more in depth because there's more to it than what I showed you. I just showed you as much as I can in this amount of time. And if you want to ask me questions you can do it live on this training. We're going to break everything down. We have Q and A. It's going to be a lot of fun. Let's get it man. I'm going to show you how to get funded. How do you profitable. So you can start making money without risking your own money. That's the beautiful thing. I'm a better trader when I don't have to use my own money. Because of the psychological part of it. Click the link in the description. Sign up for the class. I'm going to be dope. I'm going to be dope.