Here's how you know what you should dump a girl or wife for up. It all comes down the man. Let's say you win on three dates with this girl and for simple math, a thing spent $200 each day and you smashed twice. You know, first time she didn't want to see him like that. On the second date, you smashed, then you smashed again on the third date. Fantastic. We take this total number which is 600. By the way, how many times you smashed and that gives you your C, P, S, your COS per smash. And for this example, 600, you smashed twice. That gives you a cost per smash of $300. All smashed is our considered equal. So we have to rate the quality of the smash. So let's say the first time it was about eight. It was great. But see, you didn't want to see him like a socialsheel back a little bit. But then the second time you smashed, she gets crazy. That's it all hanging out. Let the freak out. That gives you 10. This formula gives her a smash quality score of 18. So what we wanted to do now is take our cost per smash and the buy the buy our smash quality score. That's going to give us our smash quality cost. In this case, we have a cost per smash of $300. And a smash quality score of 18 which gives us a smash quality cost of 16.7. Ideally, you want your cost per smash to drop. In your smash quality score, the increase which will lower your overall smash quality cost. Let me show you what that looks like. So let's say you've been dating this woman for a while. You all win day widerms been $200. But you smashed three times with a smash quality score of 10 on each round. This brings our cost per smash down the $66.7. We divide that by our new smash quality score of a whopping 30 with his a smash quality cost of only $200.22. I think this is a wiping material. You can go ahead and put a ring on that. In fact, I recommend considering wiping up any woman with a smash quality cost below five out. However, you got to decide what your threshold is. That's what you want to see. Ideally, over time, your smash quality cost to drop. We started off with this woman with 16. Got the cost all the way down to $200.22. That the smash quality cost starts to increase. Probably when the wave heard letter test free agency out on the open market. It's okay if you start off with a high smash quality cost as long as it keeps getting lower over time. That's how you know you got wiping material. But cost is all relative. What you really need to do is get your money right. Not only way you can lower your smash quality cost, it's actually improve yourself as a man, so the woman is actually excited to be with you instead of just fucking you for free dinner. And the way you bring it down is by building your business, building your social media, building your value as a man, so smashing you is like a win for her. I did that, but calling my online fitness business. I'm doing a free train to show you how to grow your online fitness business for free. Even if you're going to have an experience, even if you're never did this before, even if you're not certified. I should exactly how you can go from zero to getting your first online training client. Go to this link right now to register for the free class, it's going to get filled up. We only have so many spots available. You're not going to miss the opportunity.