I used to struggle with discipline when I was younger. I had all these goals and dreams and aspirations, and I knew there were things I was supposed to be doing on a daily basis in order to accomplish those goals, but I wasn't getting them done. And every day they went by that I was not doing what I was supposed to do, I was start to dislike myself more, and I would have less confidence in myself. But that all changed once my father committed suicide. That put me in a position where I had to take care of the whole family, and I had no choice but to figure out how to finally conquer discipline. So I can accomplish my goals. In this video, I will show you how you can finally become more disciplined. So you can accomplish your goals too. Because once I became more disciplined, I was able to get into amazing shape, build a huge social media empire, make tens of millions of dollars, and most of all take care of my family. And I owe it all to the discipline I was able to cultivate. And in this video, I'm going to show you how you can do the same without having to have a dead suicidal daddy to do it. This is not going to be the typical, or I or I or I you just need to be more disciplined. I'm actually going to show you how to become more disciplined. And the last tip I'm going to give you is the best one. So make sure you watch this video all the way to the end. If you can't watch a goddamn YouTube video to the end, if you don't have enough discipline for that, you're screwed. If all you had to do to be more disciplined, was listening to some, guy yell at you on YouTube, then we don't all be f***ing disciplined. All you have to do is watch one, even Goggins video, and you'd be f***ing rambles. As you might have noticed, shit don't work like that, play it. There's a few things you need to know about the biology of discipline. See, I'm what you think of discipline as a battery. Every day you start off with a certain amount of discipline. Think of it as like your discipline reserved in your battery. Later in this video, I'm going to show you how you can expand the amount of discipline you have you take. Right now, just think about it as a discipline reserved in your battery. As you use your willpower, it starts to drain. Until the end of the day, you don't have no discipline left. You shove in Cheetos in your mouth, eat ice cream with a fork, playing Call of Warfare, and goon into only fans. Some of y'all doing it all at once. Some will taste it. You might be doing it now. You might have a WF on one screen. You have a choice taking the other hand, which Cheetos does on your motherf***ing face. That's what happens when you get disciplined, battery is drained throughout the day. I'm not just making this shit up asshole. This actually signs behind it. Is a study that was performed by a bunch of nerds. And these nerds had the participants engage in activity where they had to use discipline. In fact, they had to engage in several activities where they had to use discipline. Then they tested their impossibility and their ability to restrain themselves from certain activities after they make them use their discipline on other shit. Here's the study if you want to see if you want to read the whole thing you fucking nerd. But basically, when they had this group used their discipline earlier, it was more difficult for them to use their discipline later on in a day. Here's another study that actually shows that there are other things that can deplete your discipline. Actually, making decisions has been proven by motherf***ing science to deplete your discipline. Here's another study where the nerds found out that the participants in the studies had less physical stamina, reduced persistence, and more procrastination after they had to make a bunch of motherf***ing decisions. Here's the study, making choices and peer subsequent self-control. So that's one of the first things we need to do to become more disciplined is actually to conserve the discipline. Don't waste it on the bullshit. And it but instead use this resource, this precious resource on the shit that's gonna get us further in life. So how do you do that? So step one is gonna be discipline conservation. We want to make it easy for us to make the right choice, so we don't have to use the discipline. For example, one of my favorite things to eat is ice cream. It's really delicious. I love ice cream. However, I haven't had any ice cream in years. You probably know because I look like this as opposed to how you look gross. You may think I'm using a ton of discipline to restrain myself from consuming, tub, device cream every day, but it's not like that. One thing I did was, there's just no ice cream in my house. Now I can still go get it. I can walk to the store. I can go on Uber Eats and have an immigrant bring it to me. However, that introduced more friction. It would take more effort to go get the ice cream now, especially way more effort than if it was just in my house. So I don't necessarily need discipline to avoid the ice cream. I would need discipline to go get it now because it's more difficult. So you need to set up your life in your environment so that anything you want to would abstain from, there's more discipline in front of you and participate in that activity. And anything you want to do more of need to have less friction. And big companies notice, and that's just not me making it up. I want you to listen to another ball man saying, Do you want to do more of something make the friction less? If you want to do less of something make the friction more. If there's a particular snack food that you like a lot and it's making you fat, put it on the top shelf where it's harder to get to. And you'll eat less of it. So you don't leave it on your kitchen counter. Two rich ball guys, then told you you should, when you go to start listening, you got to introduce friction. For example, if you go on Amazon, they say you want to get some condoms. You see, immediately they're trying to get you to subscribe to this shit because that's what Amazon was you to do. If you just want to buy it just once, there's a little bit more friction. I don't know if you guys ever subscribed to anything on Amazon. You ever see how difficult it is to find the unsubscribe button. You got to go through so many different hoops. But they make it super easy for me to just subscribe. But to unsubscribe is a goddamn nightmare. Now I'm going to get out of this menu because I want you to condoms. I'm old school baby. I pull out. I'm going to pull out and paint her stomach. I'm like a castle. Matter of fact, I'm going to do some art later on today. That's my passion. So how do you apply this to your own life? Here's the other way that I use friction. So I don't have to use discipline. For example, a lot of us use our phones as alarm clocks. When you pick up your phone to turn off the alarm, you're hitting snooves. And you might hit that shit 30, 40 times before you get out of bed. That was a problem I used to have as well. However, I keep my phone on the other side of the room. So I have to get out of bed to get to the phone. Now instead of using discipline, I actually had to get out the fucking bed. I had to walk across the fucking bedroom. That means I sound like a big deal to you guys, but I have a huge bedroom. Like my bedroom might be bigger than your fucking whole crib. But back when I was poor like you, sometimes I would put the alarm in the other room. So it had to wake me up. It forced me to get out of bed. And then if I want to work out in the morning, boom, I have my workout clothes, my sneakers. And sometimes my pre workout right there. So I reduced the friction in order to go to the gym. When I got the girlfriend I've been with for the last few years, I wanted to make sure I didn't cheat on her, fuck some other bitches. Because some people think, hey man, you must have a lot of discipline. You're rich in an engraved shape in Miami with all these BBL latinas. How do you not fuck the bitches? And I'm like, oh man, I increased the friction. First thing I did when I got with her is I shared my location with her. This is on purpose. Because I didn't want to have to use discipline, not the fuck the bitches. Especially because she wasn't even living here when we first started a game. So now she can see wherever I'm at. And sure, I could probably figure it out. Some way to hack the system and fuck some bitches in with, but that's more friction. So because it's more friction, I was already less likely to fuck the bitches. So that's step number one. Add friction for the things you want to abstain from. And decrease the friction for the things you want to do more of. The next thing you need to do to be more disciplined is actually manage your dopamine levels. See, when you see somebody who seems like they're just really getting after life, they're going for it. They're doing a bunch of shit every day and going out in the cops and ghost. Rest assured, that person has a ton of dopamine. You need dopamine to pursue your goals. My favorite white science man Andrew Ruberman has a whole episode about that shit. You should definitely check it out. Or I have videos on dopamine too. They're both good. Watch this video if you want the white version. Watch my videos if you want the cool version. As long as you get information, the problem is dopamine is a double-aged sword. Dopamine also make you pursue fucking crazy shit. People waste their dopamine on bullshit. They don't have any dopamine left to go after the things they really want. The white dopamine works is you have an amount of it every day. Almost like the same battery analogy we did for discipline. But talking about the neurochemical dopamine. And this is like really the waste it is in your brain. When you waste your dopamine on things like pornography, nightlife, video games, social media, excessive TV, drugs. These things actually delete that amount of dopamine you have. Now your dopamine will return to baseline. But the problem is some people engage in these things so much that they never get their dopamine back to baseline. And they can never really go after this stuff that's important. It's going to help them accomplish things in life. You'll have more available dopamine if you cut out porn. If you cut out nightlife. If you cut out video games. Cut out social media. Or at least limit these things. And definitely you want to drugs now call. I haven't done any recreational drugs or had any alcohol over 10 years. And this is one of the main reasons why because it depleted dopamine. If you are addicted to these things which you want to do is go back to step one. Increase the friction. If you're addicted to video games. Take the console out of your crib. If you're addicted to social media. You know what I used to do is I had two phones. And one I would use to post content. And the other phone I would use the contact my mom, girlfriend, baby mama, family and friends. And I would keep the phone with social media away from me. That's one thing you can do or you can put like blockers on it. Whatever you got to do to increase the friction because you got to conserve this precious Research dopamine. And when you have more dopamine it will be easier for you to be disciplined when you need it. There are a few other things you can do to naturally increase your dopamine without the pleaton. Cold showers. Ice baths. Ice baths. Crowd therapy. Are great for increasing dopamine momentarily. The study showed a cold therapy can increase dopamine momentarily by up to 200% Without the pleaton. Working out. Increases dopamine without the pleaton. Cat theme can actually increase dopamine without the pleaton. I take over 1000 milligrams of caffeine a day. That's not advice. I've been abusing caffeine since I was a teenager. Now 42 I've worked my way up to 1000 milligrams a day. You make your own decisions about that. That's not medical advice. Another supplement is a amino acid called LTRICY. There's been proven to momentarily increase dopamine without negatively depleting it after. So far we've used friction to make it easier to do what we're supposed to do. We're managing dopamine. The next thing is going to make you more disciplined is the people you surround yourself. We become like the people we're around involuntarily. Whether we want to win that. We pick up their habits. We pick up their dialect. Even accents. This is why people from different regions have similar dialect in accents. It wasn't in your DNA. They involuntarily picked up on it just from the people they're around. But that's not it. You also pick up people's habits. This is a study done by Harvard Medical School and University of California, San Diego. They found that if one person becomes obese, the chance is significantly increase that their friends, siblings and spouse also start the gang wait. So basically they say no BC is contagious. Why is it contagious? Because we pick up on people's habits. Here's another study showing that if one of your friends becomes obese, you yourself are 45% more likely to gain weight. This is another study new England Journal of Medicine. The spread of obesity and large social networks over 23 years. Go check this out. This is a fascinating study actually. What does that tell you? Is that we pick up on other people's habits. So here's the thing. If you start to get around people who are more disciplined in certain areas, you will naturally pick up on that. When my friends start spinning more time around me, they start losing weight. I don't get fatter. They start losing weight because they start picking up on my habit. My homie money bird. We've been friends for 10 years, but he's lost a ton of weight in the game and became way more muscular over the time we've worked together. I should be some of that to me. Hey, he'll tell you to sing. The homie Jeremy lost 30 pounds over the last few months. Who do you think he got that shit from? My girl is in better shape now than when we started fucking. Because you're around your naisy and Jesus, you won't get healed. I got that kind of power. So you really need to cultivate your circle. If somebody's around me would have it's that I don't want to adopt. Involentarily in my life, I won't fuck with them. Like I'll keep my distance. No, someone's out here cheating on his girl, doing foul shit. I'm gonna stay away from that because I don't want that negativity to infiltrate my life. But if my friends who have habits that I do want to emulate, like making a bunch of money, I won't hang around anymore because I want to pick up on those habits. I have one family member. I'm not gonna shit on publicly. I'm not gonna say his name. But he's a fucking piece of shit. He totally lacks discipline. He lacks integrity. And I just say, you know what? I'm done with this law of fucker. You know, because I don't want that shit to infiltrate my life involuntarily because it will. Don't think you're immune to this shit. The next thing you need to do is something I call the list of hate and the list of great. Seeking for it. Everyone's favorite coped up pervert. Who's also the father of modern psychology. He coined the term called the pleasure paying principle. Well, freaky seagman said, every decision that someone makes, they're either moving towards perceived pleasure or away from perceived pain. So this is you. You're moving towards this represents pleasure. This represents pain is fire. The reason anyone makes any decision they're moving towards perceived pleasure or away from perceived pain. Right now you associate pain, for example, working out reading, working on your biz, eating healthy. You associate pleasure with goonin, video games, beaten off, drugs, masturbation, and a bunch of other shit. What we need to do is we need to change the associations with pain and pleasure. And only way to do that is the list of hate and the list of great. So here's what we do. You need to make a list of everyone who talks shit about. Did you wrong? Bitches who rejected you, holes who cheated on you, that girl who left you and fucked that black guy. I'm sorry about that, by the way. But it's okay. It's this is gonna make you stronger. Right? Put her on the list. Put me on the list if I fucked your girl. I'm on a lot of people's list of hate. Anyone who said you couldn't accomplish your goal, anyone who didn't support you. And here's the thing. Anytime you're supposed to do something, you don't want to do it. Look at that list. And remember that if you don't accomplish your goal, guess what? The haters win. You can't let the haters win. And also if someone said you couldn't accomplish something. And you don't accomplish something where they hate them or whether you just write. Maybe it wasn't hate. Maybe you just a fair assessment of your capabilities. The only reason is on you to prove them right or prove them wrong. I look at but list every morning as I start my day looking at the list of hate. And it's not like an angry rage anymore. You should be like that. And maybe you need that right now. If you're at a low point, maybe you need some rage. But me when I look at it now, after years, I'm looking like I get away with this shit on and eat motherfuckers. Oh, it's gonna be so great. When was I shit on? Eat motherfuckers. But initially, you might have to have a more angry sense like motherfuckers. I'll show them. Maybe that's where you're at. Me is some more light-hearted joe of you. Oh, I'm a shit on these niggas. You might be, I'm a shit on these niggas. The piss of where you at, man. You know, it's hard for me to be angry at the top of the penthouse. Overlooking the Atlantic Ocean. Wake you know, next to my big booty fat-titted Latina girlfriend is difficult to be angry over the underdog circumstances. So it's more of a joyish hate. But I still can't let the haters win, but you might have to have an angry hate. That's okay. You was dead. That's what you got. That's what you use, right? And maybe it'll evolve into a more jolly hate. Like me. Now you also want to have a list of great. This how you make your list of great. I want you to do a imagine a version yourself who's accomplished all your goals and aspirations. Everything that you're trying to accomplish in life, imagine a version of yourself who already has that. And I want you to write down all the attributes that that version of you has. What time is that person wake up? Does that person play video game? Maybe it doesn't. Maybe it doesn't. I'm not telling you what your version is you at the side, right? Does that person skip his workout? Says he cheated on his diet. Does he waste time? Does he maximize each hour of every day? Make it a long, extensive list. And look at that list every day too. And here's what happens. One time you start to act in accordance to what's on your list of great. You're going to feel good about yourself because you'll know that, oh, I'm on the right path. This is exactly what I need to be doing to become the man that I need to be to accomplish my goals. And over time after repeated exposure to the list of hate and list of great was going to happen is your associations with pain and pleasure will start to change. Right. Where you used to look at this stuff and it would be painful. You start to associate pleasure with those things. Right. You're supposed to associate pleasure with your associate pain with. And every time you think about grabbing your motherfucking dick to beat off, you'll be like fuck, if I do this shit instead of working the haters win. Every time you think about firing up your ex station to play world of my craft, you'll be like, oh shit, if I do this instead of working the haters win. Every time you start thinking about you want to smoke some of that OG Kush or snores from goddamn cocaine, you'll be like damn, if I do this, I'm letting the haters win. I'm proving the haters right. And you'll start to associate pain with this. And then every time you hit your workout, you start to associate pleasure with damn this is what I also do. This is definitely not something you start feeling good about yourself because you know you're moving the right direction. Every time you're studying, you'll be moving the right direction when you're working on your business, you know you're moving the right direction when you're eating the healthy, you'll know you're moving in the right direction. And you'll start to like yourself more. You'll feel good. You'll get a spike at dopamine from doing this because the list of hate will have changed your associates with pain and pleasure. It's going to take some time. Right. But here's the thing. Which associations are not using discipline anymore. This is the next level. When you don't need discipline to actually go after your goals because you associate pleasure with going after your goals. So you want to do them. Right. That's the difference between discipline and motivation. Motivation means you want to do it. You're excited. You don't need discipline and do anything and motivated to do. You need discipline and do things you don't feel like doing. But once you've changed your associates with pain and pleasure, you'll feel like doing it. I'll wake up excited to work. And I'm pissed to go to sleep. I wish it was more time. Because I've changed my association with pain and pleasure, using the list of hate and the list of great. It may look like I'm crazy discipline, but I'm not using as much discipline as you. Because we have different associations with pain and pleasure. This will change your brain after repeated exposure. And once you change your brain, you change the game. It's going to take different amounts of time for different people. So you're going to have to keep exposing yourself to the list of hate and to you've built the habits of thinking this way. And once you've built the habit of thinking this way, you've changed your brain. You won't need as much discipline. Discipline is a fine-tri resource, so imagine you didn't have to use it. That's what the list of hate and the list of great will do for you. And just remember, everything you do is habit for me. So it may take you longer to build this habit because you've been building a bit habits your whole life. For example, if you're supposed to go to the gym, and you don't go to the gym, you built the habit of not going to the gym when you're supposed to. Right? It was makes it worse. But if you were to be asked, we'll do something fun and stay. You'll play video games and beat off instead. What happens is you've rewarded yourself for not doing what you're supposed to do. How do we train animals? When a dog does some you want it to do more of you give it a treat. If it's fucking runs around to the flip, you give it a treat. I don't know. I don't know. I don't never had a dog. Or if the dog pisses on your girlfriend, like you punch it. I never had a dog. I don't know. I guess you got pissed the whip on my own. But you punch him. You gave yourself a treat for not going in the gym. So what do you think you did to you? You were animal tool, man. You trained yourself to be a bitch. I think you'd learn to build these good habits. So you don't need discipline. If you've been training yourself to be a bitch for a fucking decades. But it's worth it. And a list of hate lists of great. I'm telling you, it's the strongest thing. Because you change your emotions. You'll let to do the things after a while. Because I have so much exposure to the list of hate lists of great. It takes discipline for me to do shit like go on vacation. Like I'll do it. You know, I took my son to Disney World. We had the passes where we could jump in your front of all. Not the fast pass. That's broken in the shit. We had the fucking VIP shit. We would jump in your front of the muffler because with the fast pass, we had a personal Disney escort walking us around the magic kingdom. That was cool. But I did that for the boy. It was a obligatory thing. I mean, I wanted to kick you with my enjoy. I took my girl on a crazy resort for her birthday in shit. I do that shit because it's more obligatory. Or you muffler because I can't wait to do that shit. It's like me because my list of hate lists of great is so strong. I've imprinted in on my mind so much. It's a discipline to do at shit. It don't take this moment of refute for me to work all day anymore. And you can have that too because I was just like you remember how I started to shit off, man. I was just as fucking a piece of shit like you. Different as this. I didn't have internet porn, man. We had to go to the porn store. You know about the porn store. And we was playing Nintendo 64. I was doing all the fuck shit you was doing. But when my dad killed himself. Right then I was in charge of the family. My list of hate lists of great was different. It was pivotal because I had a better why. You are a victim of your own success or you're a victim of your parent's success. They made things comfortable enough for you. But you'll love your circumstances but you don't hate them enough to do anything about it. Everything's fine. And that's one of the reasons why it's difficult for you to be disciplined. But the list of hate lists of great is going to change this for me. It's important you build these habits before you become successful because if you fuck around it becomes successful before you build discipline, success will issue a life. Imagine if you were me. More time millionaire, single digit body fat, six foot two, Miami pin house, millions of followers on social media. Would you be going to sleep at 10 p.m. so you can wake up at 5.30 every night even on the weekends? Would you have been sober for the last 10 years? No nigga. You would be at the fucking club. You know I'm not a bills at horse. Fucking yo shit up. The problem with that is if you could successful you don't have discipline, you could fuck your life up more because now you got leverage. You got money. You got access to different opportunities in ways to fuck your life up. It's more dangerous to be successful without discipline. Right now you pour how much can you really fuck shit up? If they can't get a brand and car at the whole house. It's fucking news. Greg DuSegg will make another video about me. People will know about it. News is the habit to mean. The habit is that you may not know. And they are going to ruin your life. You kids ain't going to be a tease that school because you're daddy. You're daddy was out there fucking horse. So you got to be more disciplined than more successful you become. Also these women they look at you like a target. Look at Shannon Sharp. Look at Brian Johnson when he was sued. Look at that baseball player. He's women look at you like a target and if you ain't got discipline to abstain from all these hobs you put yourself in precarious situations you could fuck your life up even more. Once you've got the discipline, what the fuck should you do with it? I have another video that I want you to watch right now on the habits that will make you successful. Rich healthy and happy. Neither habits that I used to become a more time millionaire. Who's also in great shape fucking a bad bitch. Right? Let's go watch this video right now.