In this video, I'm gonna break down how you should price your services as an online fitness trainer. I made my first mailing as an online trainer. I was one of the first people to do online training back in 2009, 2010. All of us who were doing online training around that time, we were the pioneers. We had to invent it. There was no one on YouTube teaching it. That's why I'm making some of these videos to help you guys do it. And over the last few years, I've helped over 15,000 people start successful online fitness businesses. And we've learned a lot. And here is the best price in structure we have found after training 15,000 students. Me making millions and my students making tons of money as well. Here's the thing. First of all, if you're first starting, a good goal to have is $10,000 a month. Most people can quit their jobs in the office or in the gym. And they can do this full time on 10k a month. I remember that was a milestone. I was really eager to hit initially. $10,000 a month. Now here's the thing. A lot of times people will want to sell courses. The average course is about $50. There's some people who charge more, some people who charge less, but about $50. How many courses would you have to sell a month to make $10,000? You have to sell 200. That's a daunting task. 200 courses. Okay. All right. Maybe some people want to sell ebooks. Maybe I'll just sell my ebook. Or if you sell ebooks, the average ebook is $10. There's a problem people know is less, but the average shit, man. You have to sell 1,000 ebooks to make $10,000. So most of y'all have never sold 200 of anything online. Let alone 2,000 of anything online. It's going to be difficult unless you have millions of followers or hundreds of thousands of followers. It's going to be difficult to accomplish that. However, online training, we have a different pricing structure. This is why we don't want to sell courses. We don't want to sell ebooks. We want online training. There's a few different pricing structures. So if you're selling online training, 16 weeks online training, you want to sell for $9.97. All right, let's call it $1,000. It's just simple math. This is the lowest you should sell it for. Are you going to sell it for more? No lower than this. 16 weeks, $1,000. Or you could sell monthly at easy math, $300 a month. Or weekly to sell that $80 a week. Here's why this is so powerful. Because online training, this is recurring. People can quit anytime. However, we teach us to do this. How do you get retained? People from multiple 16 weeks. All of this is recurring. Of course they can cancel, but this is recurring. It's hard to do a recurring course. I guess as a fucking trainer, you're not going to have a fucking school course. The people are going to bet you fucking $50 a month. It's more difficult than this. But online training, boom, we only need fucking 10 clients. 10 clients a month. Right? And then they're recurring. But as of the fourth month, you'll have 10,000 every month. Because the new people were reoccurred. So now we just needed what's that 40 clients. That's way easier than 200 or 1,000. With the courses in ebooks, because it's not going to agree occurring, you got to sell the 200 new people every month. Or if you're doing ebooks, 1,000 new people every month. This is recurring. This is a better business model. Every time you make a sale, we're online training. You give yourself a raise. Here you just make a sale. Now you may be thinking, who's going to pay this much? But more you buy upfront, the cheaper it gets per week. So this is actually the most expensive one. We can leave for $80. You may be thinking, who's going to pay $80 a week for online training? People are doing it all the time. And the beauty of it is it's actually cheaper than in the gym. What's going to get people to most results? Is it going to be working out or is going to be died? Die. You can't out train a bad diet, but you can't out die a bad training. And I remember when I was a trainer in the gym, I would just think, man, how are going to people are going to shape? I give them the diet plan, but I can make sure they follow it. So here's what we're going to do. You're going to make them a custom workout plan and a custom diet plan. They're going to do it all everything on their own. You're not going to be doing Zoom workout with these motherfuckers. Right. I've been the gym in my building and I'll see some guy working out with this trainer on face hours of shit. I'm just glad what are you guys doing. He's going to do this shit on his own. He's going to be on a log. I teach my students have to set it up in the app, but you can set up something real simple with just Google Docs. Make it spreadsheet. Is your workout log your workout every day and log your diet every day? If you want to keep it super simple, just have them track. Just give them the macros and tell them to send you a fucking screenshot of my fitness pat out of you. But I prefer you either use a spreadsheet or you can use one of the apps like trainer riser and online training app. When I first started, I was using spreadsheets like Google Docs. And that shit works. The reason this is better because the impression is not going to make sure they're following the diet every day. They're not going to be doing it. Right. What you're going to do is you're going to be able to see in real time. You can see every day if they're following the diet. And the reason that's so powerful is because when I was the in person trainer, I might see these motherfuckers three times a week. I see my Friday. They got the whole weekend to fuck up their diet. And they did. And then they wouldn't get the results as fast. But I started doing this when I was the in person trainer from my client's alone. He's a spreadsheet. I want you to track your diet. It started getting amazing, shape, super fast. I've been the only in person trainer I've ever seen do that in 25 years in the fitness industry. I started doing that all online. They got better results. I was getting better results from my online clients and most trainers were getting for the in person client. This is cheap. This is a better service. One online training is a better service than in person training. What you're going to do is you're going to have them track their diet and they're workout every day. And then you're going to hit them up every day. I want you to hit up your clients. Looking see if they track their macros and they're track their workout. If they did, if they followed the plan, then you say, you'll congratulate sma good job. Let's keep that momentum up for the next day. They didn't hit their numbers or they didn't track. You say, hey asshole, the fuck is the matter with you? Maybe you can be nicer than that. I'm going to scream in the air and throw a tantrum. You might have a different methodology. Yes fine. You could just be like, hey man, what happened yesterday? I can't get you back on track. That may be more your style. I fire clients because they couldn't do that shit. I didn't lose clients. Client's lost me. No in person training is going to do that. What's going to happen is, when you get into that positive reinforcement, they'll want to do it again. And when you get that negative reinforcement, like fuck, I got to stay on point. My trainer can actually see what I'm eating every day. You can see if I'm doing it or not. Everybody performs better or someone's keeping them accountable. They're finally being held accountable to somebody. And I get an effort into my in person training. The input training is to see these motherfuckers three four times a week. There's a hundred and sixty eight hours in every week. That means these motherfuckers got, are going to have about a hundred and sixty four hours where they can be fucking up their shit. But you are going to talk to your clients every day. It's a better service. That's worth way more than $80. The national average for in person training is about $100 an hour. If they got to see them motherfuck you three times a week, that's $300 a week. For in-fairing service, we're going to give them a chance. Custom die plan. They're going to do it on their own. Custom work out plan. They're going to do it on their own. We're going to keep them accountable. And that buying the diet and the workouts. Yeah, they're going to get that. The main thing we're selling is online training is accountability. If they have any questions you answer any questions they have, you'll be available. That's the main thing. And this price and structure works. If you have 25 clients paying you $80 a week. And if you keep an average of 25 clients a year, that's 52 weeks. You'll lose some of your gains more. Just keep an average for a year. That's $104,000 per year. That's big one. I mean, most people can quit their job. Most people would be happy with that. The average income in America is like $60,000. That's almost double that. The average income would only 25 clients. If you want to learn more about this and how to structure this and how to actually get the clients, how to make the sales, how to train them, how to make sure that they get great results too. How do you grow your father and how to market yourself? I have a free ebook that breaks all that down. It's got the 10 Commandments of Online Training. It's 100% free. All you got to do is click the link in the description and we'll really break that down for you. And really walk you down that path of how to become successful on my training. Click that link right now. Thank you.