Yo, we're up. Welcome to another episode of Victory Talk. Now, y'all know I'm always here trying to show you our different ways to get to the money. All right. So I had to bring the home girl from Chicago, fellow Chicago native, Whitney, the Grant King Queen. I apologize, right? You focus on helping people get grants from the government, basically free money. Yes. Tell me more about that. Okay. So hey guys, my name is Whitney. I own three storefronts on the same black and they call me the Grant Queen. Right. So I hope businesses obtain business funding, not only from the government, but you can get a government grant, a corporate grant or a private grant. And the money do not have to be repaid. I have got people grants as little as $500 as big as $1.2 million. So it's so much funding out here. And I'm just here to educate the people about it. So the government is just giving out money. Man, what, how do I, how do I get somebody's free government money? What I got to do with it? So you can find it in just like really certain ways. So I tell people just search the internet and play with the words like, let's just say you're a small business owner and you have ice cream company. I don't know. So ice cream company business grants for black entrepreneurs or it, you could put your location in there. And I'll search on every outline. Um, I'm sorry, every platform. I'm like, yeah, who Google being TikTok? Um, but I did take the hard work out of it for entrepreneurs. And I have created a grant list. And I deliver those grants to you every two weeks. A grant list? Yeah. To more about that. So it is a list of 80 plus business grants and it gets updated by weekly and you can be in any field and any state and you can be eligible for these grants. So I do the hard work for you. So that's doing one of my little ticket products. All right. So what was it like, let's say it was saying I find a grant. I'll like, okay. Like, give me example one when the grant you think I'd call her for her. The bank of America grant. So I got a grant. How much? 20, $20,000. I was think of America. Hi, what's the criteria for that? Okay. So you would have to have a business mission statement. You would have to have a budget. Um, one thing I really want people to know about grants is they don't care about your credit. They don't care if you're selling. People we think in one of those. They care about all this stuff. No, they care about you having um impact and a persuasive story. So working with me, I can create that persuasive story and that impact for you to get approved for that grant. Was it, we said, per se, per swathive story, tell me more about that. So grants, grant tours really want to see that you're going to impact and you're going to do something with the money to help other people not just yourself. So for example, my business mission statement that I've been using since 2016, I've got a worth $1 million in business grants for, um, I have a black on beauty supply. It's an of her domely white neighborhood, but we only sell black on products in our beauty supply because it was a need for it in the area. Sure. I'm so when I started my beauty supply before that store had a beauty salon and I don't know Caucasian areas did not have alcohol stores, they did not have beauty supplies. So all of my workers was running blocks and blocks down. I'm like, we need a beauty supply in this area. You know, so I created that and yeah, that was my persuasive story and it changed life. Oh, so it was basically like there was a need that would help out more people just for you and they didn't ask for the money back. So this is not alone. No, it's not alone. They didn't even kiss. Did they check the seed if you did what you said you were going to do with it? Some grants will ask you for a receipt saying if you don't do the right thing, you will have to return the money. Don't worry about it. Actually entrepreneurs all the time like they think that it's hard to get money. It's not hard to get money. It's to find natural literacy after I get you the funding for you to make sure you're doing the right things with this money to make sure you're flipping it, make sure you're investing in make sure you're making this money work hard for itself and you're not working hard for the money. How long did it take? That was your first grant? That said you got into it? Yes, so I got my first grant in 2016. 2016. Yes. What made you go that route instead of like bootstrapping or getting alone or something like that? Correction. 2018 was my first grant. But I was in college and I was as fast as we here. I was supposed to be a nurse and I was in college. I would I would I would I went to an IU. Okay. Yes, and I graduated and I when I was celebrating I broke my neck and a car accident. Now I already had like a side hustle with doing eyelash extensions. So when I broke my neck, my business once a zero I didn't understand save it. I didn't understand anything about a ringy day for so I needed some money. So the doctor told me like if you wanted emergency surgery or you have the way like a halo on your head it was a lot. My business was zero and I had to make something shake. So I'll always kind of been a good writer so I began writing business grants. Okay. I didn't think I had a skill when I got my first one. I didn't think I had a skill when I got my second. How much was your first one for? My first one was the 10,000. Yeah. I said that. I'm sorry. Cool. My second one. I didn't think I had a skill. My third one. I did it. I really blew up when I started doing it from my friends and they start calling me like hey I got a proof. Now I'm like well I wasn't even charging them. It was like a hobby. Right. So I told my story on TikTok one day and it's been history ever since. So now you help other people get there right? Absolutely. It was what's their process like? So just really me vetting out the people. I've noticed on a lot of my old marketing. A lot of people think it's just free money and it's easy. They correlate free with easy and it's not. You really have to be legalized. You really have to have your budget and order letters that support. So a lot of documentation. You already have to have a business or somebody for trying to start a business. Start a business is going to have it as well too. But even if you're a startup you have to have an indeed till a business plan. You got to have the LFC at EIN or at Baking it up. You have to have at least a basic sound. No. Every business grant do not recommend you to be legalized like that. I have a business grant. I get about every single month to multiple business owners called the Bals Club in Breakthrough Grant. I purposely made it easy just because through my process I've been seeing just a lot of qualified business owners but they really don't know how to work with their China. But they have great ideas. It's original. So I made my grant very easy and it's a lot of grants out there like mine. It's what's up. Okay. All right. So you got into it after you broke in neck. Was you wearing one of those? You were in the cast? It's called a halo. I don't know. The doctor told me either I had the way. I had to go on a emergency surgery. I said it's taking me into surgery. Oh, you went into surgery. Yes. And then when you were covering you, you decided to get into the grant. Yeah. Because I was on bareest for six months. Stay fused. My C2 bone to my C3 bone and I was on bare wrists and I'm like I need some money. I got to make a shape. Yeah. That's what's up. So how many people have you helped get grants so far? I don't know the number. That's a good thing, though. Because it's too many. So actually, you have a number. But we have one day over $2 million. And I do small grants. Big grants, corporate, federal, private, any grant you see? I can get you. Really. So okay. So the government has grants you because initially I was thinking it was just government stuff. But you telling me that's different kind of grant. Yeah. So it could be the government. Can give your grant. This is just like, let's say they give a grant for our COVID. It could be government. Let's say Atlanta gives a grant because you got, they had hurricane or something. Or private. Migrant is a private grant. The boss up and break through coach Kate is a private grant. The legacy grant. So it's like small abuse is owners who want to give back. And I recommend people going out the private grants first because our grants, we don't have a lot of applicants. So you have a better chance of winning. Also, you got to compete for these grants. Yes. So it's an application process and I'm a grant judge and I'm a grant tour. So I think that's why I'm like the best teacher because I understand how it feels to be behind that computer looking at so many applications. And I'm like, hmm, just now, right. That's not right. So I hope people from what we're staying. What is it? What are you looking for? Oh. I am looking for the person who is not lazy to use chat. GBT. I'm looking for you to be resilient. I'm looking for you to be transparent. I want to see that you're entrepreneur. You have this great idea, but life keep on knocking you down. But you choose to keep on getting up. I want to see your real person. And chat GBT cannot make your real person. It does have emotion. Now you get, now you get me, give me an example of somebody who you gave me grants to look at what like this kind of story. Hmm. Okay. So I want to figure out the best look. Okay. Somebody I gave a business grant to, what a great plan. I'm trying to get the best for the best. Yeah. And I'll take it to, um, okay. I'm going to do more see a mixture. So I was sending in my, one of my stores and this lady and her daughter walked in. I'm like, hi, how you doing? I'm having a help you. So I like how we apply for your business grant. We want to come see like if our application is still in like I want to introduce myself and personally. So my, you, I'm like, okay, this is a little weird. Nobody has never did this before. So they've got to tell me their story. It was very emotional. So I'm like, hmm, I went over to the next one and asked my sister like, hey, I want to give this lady the business grant on hand. Like she's here. I want to give it to her. And I told my sister the story. She's like, do it. And I gave it to them right thing in there. They're business name is Marcia, mixed and they're doing amazing. Um, so I just like real people who want to step out the box who want to show their original like, I want the person who like just give me a chance. You know, I'm not going to give up. Riera, how much was that grant for? It was from $500. $500. And what was she doing? Um, they used it for embroidery to keep their business going because if she didn't get that grant, they were going to close. Dang. Mm-hmm. Like she must have been doing really bad, man, $500. Yeah. They were a skincare brand. And that and now they that helped them turn it around. Mm-hmm. That's what's up. Yes. You got to be black to get your, you're, uh, where you're not, you know, you, you gave it some white people. Um, I don't know. But every person I still gave you, yeah, I'm just curious. You see, how I see a picture of you because I, I don't know how to picture that specific part of you, man. Unless, unless it names like some weird like my like branding. No, so that's nice. I see it's a crazy name. I'm sure. I'm totally on sure if I ever gave you some body. That wasn't back up. That's a good question. Yeah, you fool, or assume you had. But you can definitely apply it. And don't come with pictures. I don't even know. I'm just fucking with you. What? You don't have to say names, but give me examples somebody who you did not. And why? The biggest reason of widening that people or it's like people who are denied, you just don't show effort on the application. At their minimum, doing ABC spill check. Or you don't answer the question, would it, I actually, would you need an inventory for it? You tell me your business. Yeah. Oh, yeah. He like you just not put in that effort in. Um, as well as, um, can I be honest with you? Yeah, please, I just really, you got to be very professional. You can't have all these names that's really, I don't know what the word I'm trying to use, but it's just like, oh, like professional, like as far as the name. Yeah, like a professional business name. A lot of them, business names get them kicked out. So when you're starting business, you want something like Chase, Bank of America, Walmart, Target, where people cannot judge you. Uh, you want to let them get actually to the application. So I think that it we're in a damage where everybody want to be entrepreneurs and that's fine, but everybody is just not need to be in that position. What was give me a sample of a name that you know, he keeps from 63rd level of her kids. That was the name of a, a who dot com. No, just way, you that be like they email or I've seen a lot of business names with, um, me, defaults LLC. You had to say, you know, tonight. First or I see I'm going for no no vices on a swap, but it's really like you can't that's not professional. So yeah, I really do look like that and I let them know like, and I get feedback on my grants. So I let them know like you need to change this. I got to get it. Got it. Got it. Got it. Got it. Got it. Got it. Because we wasn't taught this. We wasn't taught and I'd tell people, all the time, we have to own why you're also from what we were taught. Yeah. He opens a real air. Right. And how do you how do you learn experience just really being in college and I just thought college was the route. I have $60,000 in college day. I've never used my degree at damn my life. I'm madly successful. I'm the start. Yeah, I should all the time. You know, and maybe I'm biased because I went to Howard. And, uh, all you went to have. Yeah, so I was super, maybe I'm just hype about that. But I don't know, I feel like that's it was super helpful for me. Yeah. Right. I just made me mature, but it didn't turn out that I'm not an about credit. It didn't teach me about. Or an abysnest. It didn't teach me. Nothing. I needed to be financially literate. That's a problem when you're a dope. Yeah. Yeah. You see, wow, man, they taught that shit out. Did they? At least. Yeah. They taught on that shit. And I didn't teach me at the business school, at least. They made us where they would make us wear suits. They would, we had like, even little shit like with, um, what fork you should use. And like, it's here. Like, yeah, etiquette. Like, they taught us all. It's like, so boozy. How are you? Yeah. All right. Yeah. But yeah, I really just want more people to know like, it's genuine min tours out here. Yeah. And that's not to help. It's not everybody could go to help. Yeah. Not I'm fucking true. But it's out. No, no, but that's that's what's up, man. And so you've been, how long have you been helping other people get these grants since 2019? Okay. Oh, so right if you got your first one, you started to helping some of your friends and then people started coming to use kind of like word amount. Yes. That's what's on. So now we have a four-current writing agency where we bring people on. We understand, okay, what are you? What's your, what is your business? What is your mission statement? We go look for the grants for you. We do the applications, where you we even help on the follow-up. Unless you get approved for our grant, we'll help you which are received to all of that. I just got a message for two days ago. We were approved the 15,000 dollar grant a week before that. I'm in the running of a two million dollar grant for one of my clients like they're just rolling in and that's so excited. That's what was the biggest grant you got for you or someone else? One point to really. One point to me. What was that for? It was a construction grant. Oh. Yeah. It was intense. But yeah. It was a bit so okay without a private government. That was government. Government. What do you think about grants? So private is going to be more like your lowest ones. Corporate is going to be next about 25 to 50,000 in government. Goals into the million dollar grant. Yeah. So the government is just our head given how money was. Yeah. But I don't, when you say like that, I don't want people to think it's so easy because that one's documentation you will think it's a thesis like you got to insert so much stuff here. But it's worth it and I tell people don't give up. All right. How? How? Okay. How often does somebody? How many times somebody have to apply to before they get their first successful grant? It's no number to tell them. I will say off the top of my head. If you're a consistent and you're a player about 10 grants a month within three months, you should have a grant. Oh, 10 grants a month within three months. Yeah. 30 grants. With good qualified grant answers. I don't want to pass that in the big part of your grant answers is your business mission statement. I could drop a jam on what should be in your base. It should be statement. Okay. So your business mission statement should include get a pin in piece of paper. Solve a problem. Unique solution. Community impact. Global reach. And number five is optional, which is results if you've been in business. You could sell some of your results. Here we go. So I have ran across a lot of grant applications that they ask for that exact format. And I'd be like a tell job. You are a grader. That's what's up. How do things in? You said there's a way that people can get in touch with you. Right? They can't, they're supposed to text balls to the number on the screen. Yes. So I am looking for more business owners to follow through business grants for my business grants and other people business grants. You could text the word balls on the screen right here. And I'm having some free webinars, free classes, for them to come in and for me to educate people about this. That's what's so easy, but you want to be doing some free teaching. Yes. That's what's up. That's what's up. All right. You're my fault, man. I made a credit. How long we thought? You can, you just give me your heads up because I don't want to be looking at my watch. You're doing good right now. It's on 50. You still got time. Okay, cool. Yeah, you can honestly run it to give it. You can yourself in up time. I would say it run it to about six. It's six, but Tina, that way we can get her in for about 40 minutes. I get no, okay. Damn, I lost much training thought. It's an mess of us. All right. Our supposed to text balls to the screen. Then what happens? Um, being you're going to be put on a weight list or you're going to get my most recent offer to learn about business grants. Well, I'll also talk about credit and content as well too because business grants just didn't make me successful. That just got me the money. Um, but I also leverage credit. I think that's important. And knowing the power of marketing and the power of content as well too, I'm a sensational six-tock. I'm like Instagram and we have some millionaires because it's six-tock in this generation. Yeah, that's a fair. It's amazing. That's the fact. So you, you also help people with their credit and their personal brand in as well. Tell me more about that. Okay, so what credit we can help you with credit repair or trade lines. The biggest thing and biggest difference. I think my credit repair agency knew we just don't fix your credit. Okay. We help you rebuild it and we teach you financial literacy because it's really irritating when I ask somebody like how did you mess up your credit? And they're like, I was 18 years old. Nobody taught me like, yeah, I'm not going to do it anymore. I'm 30 now, but I asked them. I went and you learned financial literacy because hey, this doesn't come with wisdom. You have to learn how to use these credit cards like millionaires, how to not mess up your credit. So I teach those things to make sure they never have to come to me again for credit repair. That's a fact. You know what, man? I would, I remember I was scared to get credit when I was a younger. Wow. He know I heard a baby from cash money. He was on MTV Cribs, like a long time ago. And he said, he's like a Wode Aldi's cause and houses. They pay full cash. You know, no, I was like, oh, all right, that sounds like a good financial advice. Right. And then I said, I just never had no credit cards. Nothing up until 20, like 2020. I got my first credit. Really? You mean? And no, no, I missed out. No, now my score is like 800, right? You know, I got it. I got the fucking platinum card goal card obviously. Right. I didn't, I just heard of the bass. And I was so upset with myself once I learned like, you know, I got like three million and I'm exposed now. Yeah, like I don't, I don't never pay for flights. You know, and I fly like, I feel like a hundred flights a year. What's your favorite? A mix card? It's your pocket. That's all good. I like the platinum. And I like the goal because the goal is I can get some higher points for ads and stuff. At least, but it's only for the first hundred k, right? But then, but still, still, you know, I take it, right? And uh, yeah, golden, golden the platinum. I got them both getting the saturring and lounge. And it, it gets me in the Delta lounge as tool. Mm-hmm. I got both of those as well. So what is a certain thing called good debt and bad debt? And that's what I teach. And I use my good debt to literally get me new places. I love keeping my own money liquid. And if you do a strategic leash, it's like, okay, let me borrow this money for a second. I'm gonna pay it back. And I'm a doubly bad time I pay you back. Exactly. Like, I, I don't mind, you know, um, spending money on stuff is gonna make me money, right? You know, and I just feel like a fucking dumb ass once I learned exactly like the power that I can do it, right? So that's cool. I'm glad you're teaching people that. And you say you teach people social media as well. Yes, tell me more about that. Um, so I thought I knew social media. I had hired a manager and she began to tell me like Whitney, no, you're fake on social media. Like they want to see the transparent when you say you want to see the back around because I only did like, um, flashy content. But this is a long time ago. She was like, no, they want to see how you have our least orphans. They want to see the heart. It's things you go through to be. So she was like 90% of the time. You look like a bomb. You're really working. She's like the other two percent sure dressed up. So she like really showed that through social media. So she made me started to talk account. And I went on there and I was sweeping the floor of my store. I looked like Cinderella. I don't know. I looked at crazy. Right. That video made a million views and made me a hundred thousand dollars in a day. How do you make it? I didn't make you on it. I did a voice over. So I was dropping a lot of gems. So I didn't matter how I looked, the knowledge that was coming out of my mouth and treat millions to watch the video. And I don't even monetize my social media's any of them because my content makes so much money bad. My products. Okay, people, people buy your products or get coaching for people because of it. Yes. And I'll drop a lot of gems. So make sure you follow me and Bosse, wait on all platforms. Bosse, wait. That's your Bosse, wait. But my fault, man. You know, I wonder why did you have me? Gemini, I started talking. I got is that an eye pack? Yes, an eye pack. I got a message. A phone on that was a, I was my phone. I got two bones. The Android started fucking talking. I apologize. I. Sorry. This is a bit. All right. How do you teach other people how to grow their social media? So I have started mentorship, some certain tiers. And I bring you in. I tell you, okay, you ready to work because I'm a little militant when it comes to my boot camps. And I help you. I audit social media. I tell you how to go and record social media. And I take you on a six week journey. And I hope you would check out the sense of lower. Yeah, give me some tips if you can. What is some, what is some of your social media tips? Like, I know you can't, you don't want to give everything, but like this. I can't see it. Yeah. Be authentic. You need to show up. A lot of people just post one day and come back three weeks later. No, you want to treat social media like your baby. If you don't eat it, it would die. That's it. And if you're not posting content, your audience is watching somebody else. I would like to tell people drop all the gems on your content. If we're deliver up front. Another thing is, a lot of people think you need a lot of expensive equipment. You really only need a trifot from Amazon, a small $10 mic and some great lighting. And you will make the best content. Yeah, just with your phone, right? Yeah, my favorite content editing for dummies. And I'm not calling out no, don't they? I'm calling myself a dumman because it's like favorite one. It's Capcut. So it just really helps you clip all it together. You could do voice solvers. And then the last thing I would say is talk to your audience like you're talking to your best friend. Nobody wants to be talk at. You need to talk to your audience. And I think that relatability and that I've been sickness makes people go so viral. Yeah. How do all three these things were the kind of, I kind of see how credit works with grants. But how did the content work at explain that to them? Usually everybody who probably 100% of people who want grants from me or who wants credit from me, they want it to grow their business. Because I only do business grants. I do personal credit and I do business credit as well too. But 100% of people have a business. That's how they felt. And if you have a business, we are in a day and age where social media is everything. People aren't going to Google anymore. Like, how do you make spaghetti? They're going on TikTok and it's some little 12 year old kid on their whipping up song spaghetti and showing you how to do it who got 3 million views. So social media just like AI is something that we can't negate that it's it right now. Yeah, it helps you grow your business for sure. Now, I saw I went on your Instagram and I saw that you had a little daughter. Yes. Right. How are you to see? Oh, she's four. She's four. Okay. Now, how you feel about kids with social media? You got one of those moms that got your kid of social media. You trained in her or what, how you doing it? Um, I don't mind putting my door on social media. But I would let everybody know like social media is unhinged and they will say anything about a kid and I'm like, it's just a baby. And it's a little awkward when we're outside and people come up to her and I really don't feel too good about that. Come up to her and like what? Like, so we were in a grocery store and the lady walked up to her like, oh, I want to go to the hotel. Your mommy took you to. And it was super viral to her to the lane camp. It's like, mommy and me day anyway, a super super viral. So when she walked up to her, is they like, I'm like, oh, thank you. But like, you can't walk up on the kid. You know, at the comments sometimes they do get me, but I'd be arguing with them too. Yeah. Sun says you got to just stay in the above there. But I do want my daughter on social media. Um, I just feel she's a big part of my life. So why not? It's how old do you think it'll be when you let her start her own? Like, some kids are really on. Some kids and you know, some kids got bigger YouTube, you know, some kids are made as a kid. I think about like 13 or 14. Yeah, right? Yeah. I have another door to who's 10 years old. And she's trying to get into it. But I don't really think it's the best for her because you don't understand what to watch, what not to watch. And things like TikTok can't be so censored. So I really want to wait 13 and 14. They get that maturity. That's the fact. I live my, I got my son like you, the YouTube kids at, oh yeah, I can't even, he, he wants to watch my YouTube and he ain't been like, how old is he? Yeah, he's seven. Oh, he's seven. Okay. So you're right at there. Bring her right. He and a lot of it watch my YouTube. Yeah. But he know about it because when people stop us, like people stop and it wants to take pictures with me and you sit, you know, and at first I was like super weird for him when he first realized it with like now I guess it's like that in your celebrity. Yeah. Yeah. Kids love social media and they do the little cute dance. So yeah. Right. Right. So let me ask you a question. Some of these people, I've heard of people who like do she like buys, buy stuff in their kids name to help build their credit when a young or get car, is that some of you recommend is that was that old wild sale that's some fucking fake shit or what? It's ghetto. Yeah, he can't. All right. I thought, I thought people were doing it to build their credit. You know, or not? No, most, most people do it just because they want to leverage their credit because they need to stop your own credit and I just think that's the one most selfish thing you could do to your kid. It's messed up their credit. So no, I do not believe in touching their credit for anything. I mean, if you want to build an atom on a credit card and responsibly build it, yeah, but most of them maybe like get them like a, make them like a authorized user on one year account to sign you know, yeah. Yeah, but I don't see to mean people doing that anymore, like building their kids credit for them. Yeah. I haven't ran into somebody doing that in the maze. Is that bad? I don't think it's bad. I tried to do it. Well, my daughter and they told me that I couldn't do it. I think so she got 13 of 14. So maybe I just haven't stopped into the market yet, but if it's the right way to do it, I say do it. My credit score was zero. And like, I want to look at it, he said zero. I had never seen that shit before. And I think he become an authorized user on a friend's this chick. I knew she had like a credit card for me alone. And that's how I got my shit up. Really? And what most people don't understand or know is like having no credit is like having bad credit. And when you get credit repair, they're just wiping your credit. And now if they swipe it, a lot of people just take everything off their credit, which is bad. You really want to exempt them. My student loans. I want to swipe them all off. But it was just debt. I didn't have any negative payments. But this is my good payment. Oh, yeah, you want to have that. Yeah. So a lot of people are just swiping it, but they're not understanding. Now you have no credit. You're a zero. You have to rebuild it. Like you're not doing credit repair the right way. I mean, I was running my whole business off demicard. And we was making like multiple seven figures. And I was running that shit off that big part. Because I was baby told me not to have credit. I saw him carry it. I really think leveraging credit and leveraging grants is so important. Credit, you could get a quicker, but you got to pay it back. Grants is going to take a long time to get it. But you don't got to pay it back. So sometimes it's like this. That's right. Yeah. Or you know, if you got sometimes you use grants, but leverage both. Yeah, that's why I wanted to get you on here because the grants is like, I know you don't like, you don't like when I say free money. But it's very money. But it's basically free money. You just got to work to get it. Yeah. Yeah. What's the hardest part about giving a grant? I really think just the hardest part about the business being prepared and being structured. Sometimes it could be tedious because we do apply to a lot of applications. I do not want to negate that fact. And so a lot of people like I never get picked and they just give up. And that's why you're not getting picked. So I said to people, you have to stand out, follow up with the grant. Have letters of support for one of my grants. I had my Ottoman be a letter of support because like I told you guys, I had a black on beauty supply and a predominantly white area. I went to my Ottoman. I let her know like, hey, this area is being diverse. You know, we made the news of front-paped pages of the paper from being vandalized by racism. So I'm like, you can't negate the fact that we're coming in being African-American in this area is not predominantly white anymore. And we need to feel supported. So she wrote me a amazing letter, a letter of support that can meet a thatchick. That's what's up, man. That's what's up. All right. So guys, make sure you all text boss to the number on the screen. Are you on a fuck this up? I mean, tap in with her. Man, so you can like learn more about this, man. Yes. Yeah. His anything else you want to say to the people, so they understand. Um, I just want everyone to know that you're able to reinvent yourself in many times as you want. It's a lot of genuine mentors out here like myself ready to help you on-lar and unwire things that you are already learned and just show you away where you could be financially free. Um, I don't want to say that it's not going to be hard work. It's going to be hard work. But I'm going to be your 50% partner. If you're ready to hold my hand, text the word boss to this number and let's get going. Time is waiting on no one. Yeah. Thank you so much. I really appreciate that. Thank you. All right. All right.