I'm gonna show you how to get on the path to getting rich this summer. A lot of you guys want to just party, get drunk, chase girls and go on all summer. But that's not what you want to do if you really want to get rich. If you really want to pursue your goals, you need to use this time to do things that will put you in the right position to succeed. And I'm gonna show you how you can utilize this summer in order to do that. Now, you may be thinking, man, I want to go around all summer, just hit the end and put you get drunk and hug. Bro, you ever heard the story about the ant in the grasshopper? Grasshopper was bullshit in all summer. He was f***ing around. Grasshopper chicks, party in, getting high, grooming. Grasshoppers can go, you ain't know that. And he was doing this shit all summer. And he would see the ant stay where working all summer. You may have heard the story. Ant would laugh and I'm like, y'all, you f***ing dance, look at you, man. Yeah, you need to have fun. And the answer was like, nah, we got to work. And the grasshopper was trying to get the ants to come to the freak off. And the ants was like, nah, we got to work grasshopper, get the f*** out of here, man. And the grasshopper just laughed at the ants. And they had fun all summer, right? And then guess what happened? Oh shit, winter came. The ants had all these motherf***ing food shelter resources. They keep them safe in a live during the winter. And then the grasshopper was like, yo, can you share some of that? Shit you got with me, some of that food, man, I'm hungry as hell. And the answer's like, no bitch, you was bullshit and all summer, like a hoe. And we gon' watch you die. Now, some versions of this children's f***ing ants shared their food with the grasshopper, man. But we don't talk about socialism here. And real life grasshopper died, because he was bullshit and all summer. Let's not let that be you. Let's put in work this summer that propels us towards our real goal. So we don't die like the f***ing grasshopper. Five things you need to do to summer and focus on. So you'll be on the path to get enriched by the time the summer's open. Because you're not gonna get rich in the summer. What a season is like 90 days. You ain't over your rich in 90 days. But you can change your life and put yourself on the right trajectory in 90 days. Or you can stop watching this video just get drunk and high all summer. Try to ris up girls or whatever the young people are saying. But it's dead. Let's focus, all right? And all this shit is backed by science. And the last point, that's where it might be the most important one. So first thing we need to do, write down our goals in plan amount. I know that sounds basic but shut the fuck up. Skid off my dick for me and I'm gonna explain to you. We want to write it down. But most people when they set goals, they do a few things wrong. And they set goals like a bitch. So the first thing they do wrong is they try to set whole year goals. And that's fine. You can set whole year goals. But I like 90 day goals breaking my goals down into 90 day increments. Here's why. So much shit can happen within one year. And it is difficult to forecast what the world is going to be like 365 days from now. Last year, Biden was president. We know who's going to be the president. Crypto was lower. All types of shit changes, right? So I really like setting 90 day goals and plans. The second thing people do wrong is when they're planning their goals. They're thinking, what do I have to do to accomplish this? So let's say there's a bug in your house. Again, this is your house. Not my house. I live in a bug in the penthouse. A bug can't get this high in the air. There's not that natural habitat. I got a private elevator. You need a key to use it. The state is a bug in your house. And he's having a great time. You know, enjoying himself. Doing bug shit. Even food out your motherfucking sink. Oh, your dirty ass dishes. He out here laying eggs. Fucking bug, bitches, raising a family. Grooming. He's really enjoying himself. Right? And you say, you see this motherfucking thing. You think, oh, man. I got to get him. So maybe you try to get him with a fly swatter. Maybe you stumble on him with a shoe or you throw a chankle at him. You know what I'm saying? Something like that. And the problem is you may hit the bug, but you may miss the bug. And that's how most people said their goals. They think, what do I do to hit the accomplishes goal? But they sent in the way where it's like, oh, I might get it. I might not. What we want to do is set goals in a way where we don't leave no ambiguity about what's going to happen. So for example, if we go to this bug example, what if instead of just trying to swap this motherfucking right? What if you bomb the building? There's an AI powered missile. I think it might aren't on. Right? It was what if you bomb the building? Right? Or maybe you don't have to bomb the building. Maybe you didn't fumigate the building. Call an exterminator. So instead of saying, what do I have to do to get the bug? Say, what kind of effort would I have to put in to make sure I killed this bug? And his whole mother fucking family in his lineage here. Make sure he doesn't breed. That's how we want to go after our goal. We instead of saying, what do we have to do to accomplish this goal? We change that to what kind of effort would I have to put in to make failure impossible? It's way more severe way to attack your goals. But it's very important that you write your goals down because it's a studying done by Dominican University when I first read that I was like, hey, god, colleges and Dominican but no, it's Dominican University and in California. Right? I was like, man, what did teaching in there? They teach you how to dance the dim bow and cook bananas? What did they teach how to drive Uber in this motherfucking? But no, it's called the Dominican University in this in California. And in this study, you showed that people who wrote down their goals were over 40% more like the tool composition. So the first point is to just write the goals there. But then we have to plan them out. So I put together this thing called the Victory Vision Planter for you in this video on how to use it. But here we have something called the Ambition Planter, right? Which in what you do is at the top of you write down your goal. So this is dummy data. But this guy had a goal of you want to make 100k per month in revenue. He wants 100k YouTube subscribers. He wants a new lamb bow, right? And he wants a blues, one pound of fat. That's what you write at the top of these columns. You can add new columns here. And then you write down all the steps that would make failure impossible. You start writing these goals down. What's cool about is what you do is you write this down. You set up a car for it and then you give it a due date. I made this a long time ago so I'm going to change this due date. So let's say it's not done. As things get done, you can cross them off the list. And then you can look at progress, right? So this is all the steps for all your goals. You can see what needs to be started. What has been started was done, right? And then you can see, hey, what do I have to do this month? Because we have deadlines for every step. See most people never do this. They write their goals down. But they don't plan it out. You've got to plan it out and have a deadline for every step. If you don't have a deadline for every step, you bullshit. Once you have a date on everything, you see, okay, what do I have to do this month? You can see exactly where you're at. You can track your progress with the goal. The two types of tasks is one time task and there's recurring tasks. So we put all our one time tasks here in ambition, trying these are things you've got to do once. Right? Like if your goal was to lose 10 pounds of fat, buy a food scale, get a meal plan. You do that shit once, right? But the things you have to do every day is follow your diet. Right? And that's where we go to the other part of the Victory Vision planner. Which is really the habit tracker. But as we call it the success tracker. This is where you track your habits. And this is filled with some dummy data, but we put it in here. And you can get this for free. It's a notion template. This is stuff up in that. Right? How many hours you worked on your main goal? How much money you may? You know, then we have your health stuff. How many hours you slept? Did you work out today? And you can put your macros in here. This is pretty cool. I have a formula that auto-calculates your macros. So you can just put in protein. It adds up how many calories you get. So I'll put in this protein. Let's say you got 250 grams of protein today. You see how the calories are adjusted in here? Right? So I have a formula in here. Right? But also you can put in how many calories you burn that day. And you'll be tracking this again. I always talk about tracking how many calories you burn with some sort of fitness tracker. I use the ordering. Look at this as I adjust this. This is a 37,000 calories a day. You see how the deficit is in? Right? I'm not sure. But I just want to see. So it auto-calculates for you. surplus or deficit. And then you can put your weight in here. Right? Boom. Now check out what it does with weight. I have a graph here. Right? So watch what happens when I change the weight. Right? The graph changes and also the income changes. It's on us also. You can just do one of these every month. Right? You could add more habits that you want to track here. The one that I use is way longer than this. Pause. Put your one-time task in the ambition planner. And you put your habits in the success track. And then the next thing you want to do is go over your goals every day. Review them. Review them. Maybe even visualize them. At the risk of sounding like one of these white girls who collects rocks. You've got a whole bunch of fucking gravel pit. Next to her bed. And a motherfucking dream catcher. Feather shit over her door. And she talking to you about man and fess is shit yo. There's something to it. So I'm going to show you something. Back in the day. I have one of my video editors, Johnny Tye. He's on YouTube now. He's called it Fly with Johnny Tye. And I told Fly with Johnny Tye. Yo listen. I want you to make an image of me with one million subscriber YouTube, Black and the click funnel's Black for making $10 million. And I took that and I printed it out and I put it on my desk. It was like a vision board. I got both those awards now. There's something that happens when you visualize shit. When you won't your boys get to new car. You start seeing that car everywhere, right? You've not actually made any of the human Charles Xavier. You made Magneto, Jean Grey, or Cyclops. You ain't even gambit. Make it. The truth is, there's a part of your brain called the reticular activated system. And basically decides what you notice in the environment. Because there's so many sounds, textures, and visual things going on in the environment. If you paid attention to all of it, you go crazy. So your mind filters out a lot of it. Until it's triggering your R.S. at this sum you should see. So you start seeing these motherfucking cars everywhere. After it's triggering your R.S. It's just like that with your goals. If you start visualizing your fucking goals, you'll start seeing different paths to get there. Well, you can use AI to actually make your vision board. Because you ain't got fly with Johnny Dye. And this is a website where they had different models, all kinds of the image generation, videos generation, everything. And I trained that AI model on pictures of me. I just uploaded pictures of myself. And the flux lower a portrait trainer. Boom. So if I click on this, and I trained a few models. So here's one of my models. Now the prompt is king every time I say I have king in here. And I tell you what the generate. The generate whatever I want. I'm just going to say what I am. When I'm doing, boom. Right? I put the prompt in here. Boom. Make your own vision board, man. But it's like, is you in this shit? I said yo, man, be surrounded by money. You can print that shit out. You put it in your big screen, safer something. Oh, let me do another one for. Check it out. What you trying to accomplish, man, how you want to live? I wouldn't wear that. I don't want to visualize that. With this shit works, too. And you can see it. And you make it you. The next thing you need to do is track your progress. And it's cool because the three vision planted I gave you it shows you how to track your progress. Right? Do us a study published in the American Psychological Association, which found that people who track their progress were 76% more likely to achieve their goals. But frequent learning monitoring progress increases chances of success. And that's why the Victory Vision plan that I gave you is so helpful. Right? Because now you can actually see how far you are with your goals. Right? You can go to the ambition plan where you track your one time a test. You can actually see where you're at with your goal. So you did progress. And you can actually see a visual representation of how far you are on the things you've got to accomplish. So these are all your task in ones, all the tasks for all your goal. You see what you have to do this month. And then with the success tracker, you can see if you're actually don't want to just do it every day. You can see how close you're going to be. You can watch your income rise, right? With the grass. You can watch your weight drop. You can monitor your progress. And it makes you over 70% more likely to accomplish your what the fucking goals, right? And this is free. It's just a notion template. The link is in the description. Next you got to do a surround yourself with winners. You will become like the people you're around. Whether you want to or not. And people seem to notice they don't take this into account with like the family members, the women that they have sex with. Like I see a lot of guys men. They only pick and girls based off looks or quality of hate. The problem with is you get you still got to be around this person and or talk to them in most cases. So here's a study from New England Journal of Medicine, which is my favorite journal in medicine. I don't fuck with that self-western journal in medicine. I want my medicine journal to come from New England. It studied the spread of obesity over 33 years. It was a 33 study. And the crazy is just shit about the study. You can go read this if you don't believe what I'm saying. Just read it. Dork. What these science nerds said was they came to the conclusion that one of your friends or someone you're close to gets fat. You have a 40% chance of becoming obese. Why? Because you become like the people around. You start picking up on people's habits in voluntarily. It's the reason you have the accent. You have people in the same regions. They have the similar accents. They have a similar dialect. Same religion. So style address. You pick up on these things in voluntarily. So you pick up on fat boy habits when you or if one of your boys becomes a fat boy. Now what's even crazier about this is let's say that in one of your boys. He's not fat. But one of his friends, a mother fucking you don't even know becomes obese. Now you have a 20% chance of gaining weight yourself. 20% chance. This is according to the study. I'm not making this shit up. Go read the study, man. Pull up your annoying linger or the medicine. You guys probably have a subscription. So it's not even just the people you're around. It's the people the people you're around are around. So it's really important that you cultivate just surroundings. If anybody got some bullshit habits, they do want some fuck shit, some wax shit, you gotta stay away from them. At least for 90 days, right? And you want to get around people who have good habits because the opposite is true too. When my friends get around me, they start getting in better shape. They start working out more. A lot of my friends stop drinking. A lot of my friends went on diet. Got cut. A lot of my friends stop going in. We all become similar to each other. And you will, so you want to be around people who are more dismay. If you ain't got no discipline, friends make some. Join some fucking groups. So I go into the gym, make friends of the gym. You gotta figure out a way. The fifth thing you need to do is master discipline. You get better with your discipline. And it's too much for me to go into now, but I have a whole longer video. All about how to master discipline is probably going to be the most important video you ever watched in your life. Go watch it right now.