It's almost summer fat boy, with 20 days away from summer, the summer's so steep, right? It might feel like summer time right now, because the kids is out of school into the middickens are playing dominoes outside. But the official start is about 20 days from now. I'm gonna show you how you can use AI to get yourself a six pack this summer. I'm gonna break the whole system down for you, so you can leave with a solid game plan to have a six pack by summer, but you gotta watch it to the end in order to get the full plan. If you can't watch a video today, well then, I'm not surprised. You fact, search around the internet for videos on how to get a six pack. That's how you ended up here. You too fat to have a six pack. When you win on the out of your business, you found yourself here. The Lord led you to this video, because he wanted you to watch it, and you can't even listen to God. I'm not saying I'm God, I'm gymnasium Jesus. The Son of God, and I'm gonna show you guys how to get ripped. And we're gonna use our new God, AI to do our future overlords, AI to do it. Now, warning, this is not gonna work for you if you like, oh, beast, if you super fat, if you're a God who can't see his genitalia when he urnates, this might not be the right game plan for you. If you're a girl that's so fat, that your only option is to date black guys, then this might not be for you. This is for people who are more so skinny fat or fat skinny, if we wanna be politically correct, this ain't for skinny obesity, if that's the thing. Maybe it will be in the future. Step one, you need to open up your preferred AI platform. I like chat, jippity. But you can use Gemini, you can use Claude, if you swing that way, I guess. Some of us just like a little bit of racism in our AI, then we use Gromp for that. Put my preferred large language model is chat, jippity. You get a picture of yourself with your shirt off. If you like me, you're always taking self-sureless pics because you are a go maniac. So I just got one on deck. So you go ahead, you upload that up the sky net. Tell it you're hiding weight, say, I am six foot two and 200 pounds. Estimate my body fat percentage. See what they got to say? Should it's taking that long? This is shit, they say they don't take over the world. Okay, here we go. Oh, no, that was actually pretty quick. All right, sky net says that it's about six percent body fat. Looking at this photograph, listen man, this was, it must have been trained on some good ass data because that looks about right for your boy. You're not six percent body fat. Your shit is going to be pretty high. Here's what you do to get a six pack. You're going to need to be 10 percent or low. If probably you want to get into the single digits for summer. When you get into single digit body fat, if you've never been there, shit changes for you. You have a larger number and more appealing, maybe an opportunity to get presented to you sometimes thrown in your lab. If you've never been single digit body fat, you don't really know what I'm talking about. If you watch this whole fucking video and do everything, I say you'll experience it. You start to have some pride in yourself. You just feel better. So you want to get to 9 percent body fat. You see what it did with me? You say, you see how accurate it is, right? You're going to do it for you. Okay, this guy is six, five, and three hundred and thirty five pounds estimate his body fat percentage based on the photo. Let's go. This one love almost be it. Some sort of athlete, fat athlete, I cool. Twenty five to thirty percent. All right, so here's what we need to do. How many pounds of fat would he, you should say I would I need to lose to be nine percent body fat? We could have did the math ourselves, but if we got Chad Jippie D right here, let them do the work. All right, they doing fucking arithmetic, just doing a calculus. So to answer, 69.8 pounds. All right, so whatever your answer is, that's how much body fat you need to lose. That was step two, get your target body weight, right? And figure out how many pounds you have to lose. Step three is to do the math. To lose one pound of fat, you have to burn thirty five hundred calories. This guy has to lose the 69 pounds. He has to burn an extra a 241,500 calories. Now here's the thing, if you're overweight, if you're like, as big as this month, you're like, you know, that higher your body fat percentage, the faster your lose fat. As your body fat percentage gets lower, it's gonna be more difficult for you to lose fat. That's all my focus. Like all can't lose it last 10 pounds. It's gonna be difficult. Your body wants to hold on to a little bit of body fat. Your body's trying to hold you back. You got a fight nature and squeeze out them last few pounds, right? So we wanted to do is we want to start tracking the calories we consume each day. Take your body weight and pounds times 10. And that's how many calories you should get each day. For everyone's pound if that we want to lose, we have to burn thirty five hundred calories, right? This guy needs to lose by 69 pounds. So that's the shit load of calories. He has to burn, right? Since he nine pounds, I have 3500 just like 200,000 some calories, right? You may not have to lose that much. You may have to lose more. It doesn't matter what it is, it's just man. We got to start tracking how many calories we burn each day. If I was you I get a spreadsheet, I have a free template where you where you can start tracking your calories consumed in burn. And track your other habits as well. It's called the Victory Vision Planet. Links in description is free. It's just a free notion template. This is the bare bones version of it. First we have to track how many calories we consume each day, right? And you want to do that with my fitness path. And it's super easy to track your calories. People always start fucking crying and shit. When I say you got to start tracking your calories, like motherfuckers act like it's the most difficult shit in the world. But it is the thing that works. There's a study done by Duke University. They take a bunch of fat asses and they said, hey, bad boys, just truck your fucking calories for three months. They didn't even know diet plan or anything. They didn't have an acclory deficit. They didn't have to do an keto, they have to do an pescatarian. They didn't have to do an keto body, you know nothing. All they said was track your calories. And on average, they lost five pounds over the course of three months. Now I know that doesn't seem like a lot, but you gotta remember they had no plan. They said, keep your regular diet and just start tracking. And the things when people track, they're more cognizant of what they eat. Instead of putting anything in their mouth like a fucking hole. So you got to start tracking the calories consume. You could do that with my fitness pal. And here's the thing, people are like, well, what if my fucking mama makes some fucking stew and I can't track it, like, I don't eat that shit. So it would if my wife makes some motherfucking, she makes it everything in the pot. And I can't fucking track it, actually. Don't eat that shit. Tell that bitch to get her shit straight. She meant a fact dump that hole, right? She holding you back. She might be the reason you fat. And once you get ripped, you can get a better bitch, man. That's what the whole thing is about. Anyway, I say a good rule of thumb is take your body weight in pounds. Multiply that by 10. That's how many calories you need each day. You should also get at least one gram of protein per pound of body weight. This will allow you to retain more muscle during this cut. Now, some of you were saying, how do I build muscle at the same time? You'll be of the build muscle at the same time only if this is your first year working up. If you've been training for years or so seriously, then it's going to be difficult to build muscle and burn that simultaneously. So let's say you consume in 2,000 calories a day. And I really think you should track it in the spreadsheet too. Just write it down in the morning. How much weight did they put in the spreadsheet? Does it free template in description? Right? Now we need to start tracking how many calories we burn each day. What I recommend you do. Get yourself some sort of fitness tracker. I use the ordering. They don't pay me to do it as a matter of fact. I don't know if they have any black people indoors in it. Some people say in it it might be racism. I don't know if anybody said it until just now. But it's out there now. And the only way they can beat those allegations is to pay a black ball YouTuber. So ordering if you listen, I will help you beat these racism allegations by accepting your money. Contact my people. Anyway, this is what I wear. I've been wearing this for like five years. You can wear a Wump to the Wump is a good device. It's a kind of dorky to me, especially if you wear it as soon as you look like spy kids. Fuck that shit. Or you can wear Apple Watch. Apple Watch is good. It'll track your calories you burn throughout the day. Or you can get a Fitbit. Or you can get a Samsung watch. Now the only problem getting a Samsung watch is that I'm not confident that anyone has ever had a vaginal intercourse. If a human woman, while wearing a Samsung watch, I really don't believe it has ever happened. It definitely hasn't been recorded in human history. Samsung watch is probably the best if you've taken a Val with celibacy or if you were nine or you just really live this nerd shit. If you really about that geek life, right? Get yourself a Samsung watch. It doesn't matter. Along with you have some device that will track how many calories you burn each day. Now these devices aren't 100% accurate, but they give you a good idea. Now check this out. Let's say this guy, he's burning up near 2500 calories per day, which is fucking light work. That's nothing. Some of y'all burn more calories than this. Goon man. And that's the thing, man. You're a fitness track if you wear all the time. They'll track your goons as well. And if you have a Samsung watch, you know you goon in. You want a goon squat. Some might go on in your bedroom. It looks like spider-man was in that motherfucking thing because you've just been goonin' out. You're in that motherfucking web sling. Out your penis. So look at this. All right. There's a formula here to track your deficit. You get that in your victory vision planner. But he's in 500 calorie deficit, each is that boom, he burned the match number 3500. He should lose a pound of fat per week. If you hit his numbers and you don't have it loss of pound of fat, then maybe your fitness trackers, not as accurate as you think. And then you got to adjust accordingly after like one week. But you can step it up way more than this. Twenty-five hundred calories is fucking light to work. That's what you want to burn two pounds of fat per week. I burned between 3,500 and 4,000 calories a day. But I am a maniac. But this is reasonable. Three thousand calories per day. Now you win a 1000 calorie deficit. Boom, 700 calorie sold for the way you should have burned two pounds of fat. It's very important that you track so you know you're doing everything right. Because what happens is people don't track shit. They're not as consistent. Let's say you do the shit. You're doing the shit. You're on this two days. Two days are a cool man. And then one day it's like, oh man, somebody has the after work function. All right, and you out here are all right, man. You know what? I'm gonna have some drinks. The next thing you know you have some appetizers. You can get it extra thousand calories. Easy. Boom, all right. So that's just what they meant. Just after work, we're now with the boys. We're all winning our Samsung watches. These got a little crazy. You got to the computer signing seminar. And then you're in crazy. Then Friday comes. Oh, it's the weekend, man. Gotta go out. It's the weekend. Oh shit, you know? Yes, you start out here at Cancraisey. You have a party and then you know, man. One day comes up, man. You know, let's watch the game with the boys, right? And then, we're having this like, oh man, I don't need to work out this day. That day, you went out. You probably didn't fucking burn all the calories. You probably didn't work out that day, right? So now you back to your regular shit. And then maybe you took another day off from training. So you didn't burn as many calories. You said, fuck it on the weekends. You didn't work out at all on the weekends. And now look at you. You accomplished nothing. Fuck the part about not being consistent is most days you still suck the a day. This is what you got to do when you can't lose weight. You do it most at a time. But doing it most at a time being inconsistent, the problem with being inconsistent is you do just enough to fail. Right? Because this is failure. You burn no calories. You might as well have done nothing. Right? I would rather you done nothing, because at least you don't fool yourself in the thing you accomplish something. This is what a consistency looks like. That's why you got a track that makes sure you're on point every day. It's very important that you track it. So get that big to read vision planner and track it. Because it's easy to fuck up. Oh man, I can just do a year in here or everything in moderation. But blah, listen, everything in moderation is the battle cry of the inconsistent. I've never heard somebody say that in accomplice their goals. Now, if you want a diet plan to hit this calories, you can just use the formula. I gave you, or you can go back to sky then and say, hey, this guy wants to lose a, say, two pounds of fat per week. Right. Him a diet plan that will help him accomplish it. Make sure he gets one pound of protein per pound of body weight. Now I'm saying this guy, you would write meat. So the reason you have to tell Chad Jippity to prioritize protein because you just have to give a context. You got to know what you're on now. You see sky net set, calorie deficit of a thousand calories per day, right? Boom, maintain muscle with that much protein. Boom. And then now you got the sample meal plan and you can make edits to this. Lot of people don't notice, you can make edits to this. Like for me, I don't like chicken breasts. Chicken breasts is for women, right? So like you know, rewrite it without chicken breasts because I hate it. Chicken breasts for women, everybody knows that. So now rewind it. Chicken free sample meals. Right. But you can do the make as many just as you want. And there you go, you can get the meal plan straight from Chad Jippity. You might be thinking how do I burn as many calories I need to burn. Now this is already good. So true, is you don't need to actually do cardio to burn fat. Lot of people don't know that. Cardio will help in it with expedite things, but diet is most important. You can't outrain a bad diet, but you can't outdie a bad training. So you don't even need to do any cardio for this, right? But you can. But this right here, this deficit right here, this milk plan will put you in the thousand calorie deficit. So that's your beauty. You want to lose two pounds of fat per week. It will give you a thousand calorie deficit because it knows what's up. Right. But let's say you take it to the next level. Right. Him a workout plan that helps him maintain and get a six pack. Here's the most important part of this plant. Place it off of the teachings of handsome famous YouTuber, Brandon Carter. You gotta do that, so make sure it gives you something good. It might give you some bullshit without that. And you gotta put handsome famous YouTuber, Brandon Carter, because there's other Brandon Carter's in the world. It might give you some fuck shit. Now here we go, man. This bitch gave you push pool legs. This is you went to my fucking classic old school, Brandon Carter. He went and dug it to the archives. You know, the impact when I used to do intermediate fast. That's fine. So that's what I used to do push pool legs. All right, cool, man. It's fine. You can also do my YouTube videos. I have a bunch of hit cardio that burn in YouTube videos. You can do those two. It's the one's the main thing to do. If you see a final. They're right here on this page. Here's something I would say. When you're doing your diet plan, I do low carbs. But you don't have low carbs. You could tell chat to you to make it low carbs. There is one advantage through low carbs. You lose a lot of water weight as well as fat. But you also lose a lot of water weight. And people say, man, you just lose a water weight. Just lose a water weight. That is not insignificant. Because if you lose water weight, you will look better in your abs or show them the prominent. This is the reason why bodybuilders, physique competitors, bikini competitors. They all, the hydrogens themselves before the show. Right? Because they look more musk and you can see their six pack in the definition better. So it's not insignificant when it comes to how you look. When it comes to bodycups, losing water weight will help you look better and low carb will help you lose body weight. Super fast. You don't have to do it. But if you just want to take it to the next level, I think you should do it. Now, let me give you the cheat code. Here the supplements you should take when you're on this thing to really take it to the next level. One supplement that I take, especially if you're going to do low carbs, you should do this. If you're not going to do low carbs, I don't know if it's necessary. Elemente and I drink about two or three of those a day because I do keto. And I get the water bit of flavor because I have a genetic predisposition to like in water and really. And this will prevent you from getting what they call the keto flu. The main reason people get the keto flu is because as I told you, low carbs will flush out a lot of your water weight. But with that water weight, you'll lose a lot of electrolytes. And when you lose a lot of electrolytes, you'll feel like shit. And elementis is easy way to replace it. I drink it in a morning, maybe one during the day, maybe another one later on a day. Now, that's just for low carbs. Everyone wants to do these next ones. Cat theme. Cat theme is one of my favorite supplements. I love it more than anything. I take it from additional reasons and recreationally. Right? I recommend you take two to 300 milligrams of caffeine, two to three times a day. Based off your tolerance. I'm doing like a gram of caffeine per day, man. You know how I wrote, but I've worked my way up to the ab and abusing caffeine since I was a child. Like two decades straight of just abusing caffeine. If you drink in like one or two cups of coffee day, man, it's working number. You got a pump to numbers up. The reason you want to take caffeine is caffeine will give you more energy. Right? Because if you're in a chloro deficit, but you've got to move more, right? The burn more calories. But you're eating less. You might get tired, you might get some lethargy, right? Caffeine will help you with that. Caffeine is a potent appetite suppressive, right? So you'll be less hungry. And it will help increase thermal genesis. For those reasons, it will help you burn fat. It raises your heart rate so you burn your more calories at rest. I take so much caffeine. So it's not the feels like my heart's going to jump out of my chest and start doing work for me. But you can do whatever you want. You can take caffeine pills, pre-workout. That's my preferred way to get it. Got like the little tingles. You can pre-work out, you know when you eat or start tingling a little bit. You have to take so much pre-workout. Back here, I ball start to twitch. Say, no, it's work. I like that feeling. You might not. Then you just get it from coffee. The next supplement you need to say, warning. This may be on the band substance list for some athletic shit. If you like in the NCAA or if you uh, NFL superstar list and if you are a motherfucking pro athlete, you probably now watching videos on how to get six back pro. Alright, so regular motherfucking thing got to worry about this shit, right? But I just want to put that out there. It's called a fedger. When I was a kid, every fat burner had a fedger in it. This is the 90s we talked about hammer time when two pop was alive. Why did the fedger work? Because a fedgera is one of the few supplements that's actually proven the burn fat. It doesn't infuse different ways, but one of the ways is fat burnin is a two-part process. Lepolicis and oxidation. Lepolicis is one of fat cells is broken down into fatty acids and oxidation is one of those fat cells I converted into energy. A fedgera has been proven in studies to increase the rate of the policies, right? Which is the first half of fat burn. But it also gives you a ton of energy. So now you can burn off those fatty acids that's oxidation, right? And you're going to need that because remember you are in a chloride deficit, which is a mild form of starvation, right? You're getting less calories than you need to survive, right? And you've got to move more so you need that extra energy, but it's a home. It's a home appetite suppressor. So it's easier for you to stick to your diet and resist cravings. They made that shit illegal to put in bodybuildin supplements in the late 90s. I don't know, I guess somebody. Some other fuck is died or some shit, you know what I'm saying? But I think that was just natural selection. I don't think God wanted it in the past. They're genes on. I'm down with taking a fed drift. You can still get it. You don't need prescription. You just go to pharmacy. You've got to give me your ID, so don't think you break in bad or some shit. And I'll think you turn an acid in the meth or whatever. And you say, let me get some of that bronch aid. And it'll give it to you. It's as a asma medication, but a fed drift is like the main ingredient. I suggest you take it with your caffeine two to three times a day. Assess your tolerances. Maybe take it once see how you feel. I'm going to shit right now. Before I sit down in this chair, I took three end of grams of caffeine, popped a bronch aid, and you see how good this video is. It's a performance enhancer. The next thing you take is this shit called ketone aid. They don't pay me either. It's endorsed. But I do know the CEO, that's my dog. And this is an exogenous ketone. So how this works is, exogenous ketones are basically an alternative fuel source that your body can use. And you don't have to be on keto to take this. It'll give you more energy and it will suppress your appetite. It won't burn fat directly, right? But it will suppress your appetite. So make it easier for you to stick to your diet and resist cravings. Like ways, you're in, give you more energy. So you can do these hard as a brand and card to work out. That you got from Chad Jepidy. And it just works so well together. The stack, I called it the keto illegal stack. Ketone aid 300 milligrams of caffeine, some of that bronch aid. Two to three times a day. It's the shit, man. I never did cocaine, but I can't imagine. If cocaine gives you more energy than this, I see why cocaine is illegal. If you're new to these stimulants, you might not want to take it too late at night. You might not be able to sleep that well. But that's cool, man. Now you can just stay up burning more calories. Get some work done. But just, you know, maybe you don't want to take it too late. It's nine o'clock and I took some right before this. I'm gonna go to sleep in an hour. So I knew that it is, I'm true to this. I could smoke, it's angel dust and go this bed if I wanted to. I'm really good at sleeping, but you might struggle with that. This is a solid plan for you to get a six pack this summer. Using AI, however, some of y'all want to do it a little faster. Some of y'all want to get ripped in just two weeks. If that's you, I got a way more intense plan in a video that I published other day. Go watch that video right now. It's intense. Let's say you're already in good shape. Well, you're in decent shape. And you want to learn how to help other people get in shape. I made my first million as an online trainer. And now I teach other people how to start. They're online training businesses. I've helped over 15 down people. I grow successful online fitness businesses. If you want to learn how to grow your online fitness businesses well, I got a free ebook called The 10 Command is the online training. It'll really break down what it's like to be online training or and how to do it. The link is in the description. It's 100% free. Go check it out. And you don't need to be certified. You don't need to have a lot of experience. You do have to have heart, though. Check out the book. See you for the right for you. It's free. Links in the description. All right. Peace.