A lot of you guys are doing Facebook ads, you know, especially since Muffuk is have course on how to be as buyers and Lodium of Fuckus suck. I'm seriously Lodium of Fuckus really suck because I used to do my own eyes to run my own ads for years Every time I try to hire somebody like oh, these motherfuckus suck like I'm better than them Right, you the first person who's like better than me And I trust you you know, I'm saying like but significantly better than me, right? So should be yeah, but it's like it's either you suck or you're fucking dope, right? So you guys gotta get focused on getting so good that you can get a percentage of the revenue and that's how he really started laughing me and income when he Because before that when we first met you was just doing it when I very first met you the way I was doing it was pretty Retarded in my opinion like I didn't like doing it that way at all, but how were you doing it just letting you know? Yeah, so long story short. I had 27 staff when we had met I'm three offices I do a Beverly Hills one of my amy and I'm flying back and forth every fucking day Like dozens and dozens of clients were selling all these different digital marketing skills You know from advertising the building courses to graphic design the video editing the websites to marketing automation like copywriting like all kinds of crazy Shift we were just taking like piece mail projects Well, not all of it was transactional to be fair. I'm a majority of it was recurring But none of it had any kind of percentage of the upside yeah, and to be fair I mean I started when I was retired in myself like I was like 21 20 years old I was cutting all this my brain's not even fully developed to that point in my life You know, so more of the story is I don't really know better simply put I didn't know to Try to make more money by getting percentages of revenue. Mm-hmm I was charging flat fees and thinking that that was the best way to make a lot of money This was the biggest thing I started just starting to ask myself Okay, I want to make a million dollars a month and I didn't even necessarily have like a reason to it Be honest, I didn't have like a purpose for it or like what I was gonna do with it I just kind of started thinking bigger I started challenging myself like I want to hit a million month What the fuck do I need to do and what I looked at my model the way that it was it just I mean it just didn't make any sense like if I kept Scaling I was doing really two 300 just came up months Someone's I hit four at that time, but like dude's hellscape, you know like it felt like shit It was a high stress life. I just I don't know. It was just awful I wasn't on an upside in like quality of life that I was getting as I made more money Yeah, I was actually losing quality of life and getting more stressed as I made more money A lot of times people when he skidded businesses they they fuck around and bill businesses is they they hey yeah No, I fucking stuff so I get to the point do we're unlike having to like sit down like vacuuming hell food because like I've like infinite shit to do Yeah, I woke up every day and like my fucking to do list like not not like little petty to do this shit like Pretty significant shit. I needed to do that just like compound by the day I don't know just feel like really overwhelming I didn't really hit me to be honest until I started thinking to the million a month Yeah, I started thinking with that for some reason and put everything in a perspective was like man. He's just doing this wrong You know you got you really got a reset here. There was not a comfortable or like obvious way to reset it I kind of sat there and like would do the math on maybe like a month or two just thinking of this how how would I do it if I could do it You know what if I had to do it over again? What would I what would I transition to here? And I started thinking this kind of ridiculous thought okay I started thinking what if I could get 10 people to pay me a hundred thousand dollars a month? Yeah, there we go as ridiculous as that my sound you know I thought it would honestly is very realistic Okay, so Rukic yeah, what was important it was a good lesson for y'all is first he asked yourself a better question He had a vision he knew what he wanted he said okay $1 a month then he started looking for ways to do that with some of y'all You know I'm saying you you might not even set your ambitions that high and then you won't start asking how you can do it You're just say you're I can't do that. Oh nobody can do that nobody's gonna pay that much right But he said he's saying nobody's gonna pay me a fucking a hundred grand a month He said how can I get people to pay me a hundred grand a month right? That's a no I don't know my name That's really I'm very convicted on the idea that this was possible Yeah, and keep in mind edition everything you said I was in it. I was in a growing amount of pain Okay, like I was I was essentially fed up with my circumstances and knew I needed change Yeah, okay, and remember I I personally think you can get to these bigger numbers from two perspectives number one Literally just starting to think with it like could I had a million dollars a month and Yeah, starting to do the math and like consider in the models to accomplish it the other way I think you could accomplish it as reasons Okay, and like for me this was kind of a combination So like my my reasons were not like I want to go buy a bunch of bullshit or like you know I'm gonna do this or invest as much a genuine that I just wanted to get out of the pain of How I was doing things and I knew as well just from like the people I was around the environment I was in like I knew I need a more money But I necessarily know what I would do with the money yet So regardless of whether you think you know you're gonna do the fuckload of money It's very important understand like you need a fuckload of money. Yeah, I knew that I knew that I knew that I knew that I was sure You were all we were gonna talk about that later like why they need more money. Yeah. Yeah, so so I come into the office one day And if you ever see have you ever seen me the big short yeah You remember the part where the guy with like the crazy eyes Michael Barry he wrote that Email to his investors Yeah, and he just fired it off and like kick back and put music on and was chillin and he essentially said like I'm making this bet like you guys can fuck up. I kind of did the opposite I hit everybody up like all these clients and I I refunded him and I was like hey like you're fired And here's all the stuff that we've done for you like we're just not doing it this way anymore And I 27 staff I go fire 23 of them. I hit up my landlords for the offices and I was like, I'm getting rid of all my offices What year was this end of 2017 how much money how much money were you making at the time? I'm like two 300 cam month like big months being like four that was that was the what the business I mean that would not take home. Yeah, correct. I was split living. You know I had a part of it on both coast It was anything crazy. You know they're just like one bedroom apartments What driving any cars at the time like I wasn't like spending money on anything ridiculous I was a cumulative cash But I mean at the same time like I was burning a lot of cash. Yeah, so long story short I get to the point where I just fired everybody. I just fired fire majority of clients did it kind of felt like amazing That's how I see I knew I was like this is the right choice for sure They felt liberating I felt really good and same thing with the staff I deeply appreciate and understand the responsibility that we have as leaders and we're a financial responsible Or the people that we hire and at the end of the day like I didn't completely fuck everybody You know like I made sure that people had like small severances You know I give him notice and things like this and like I kept them away The right way Yeah, I didn't just like up in fucks Like you get the fuck out of you no more money. Yeah For sure it was like a emotionally fucked situation for me Like maybe I'm emotionally rash decision or anything But anyway to be clear this felt like so liberating You know it started this like transition for me to be clear which was okay I've already made businesses a lot of money like I've already had clients that we made a couple million dollars a month for like a million dollars a month Like so you know you were good at what you just wanted to say he's he got good at what he did Remember that like you this Not this is gonna work if you suck it what you do there was nobody like me like on something like this Literally just saying I got a fucking hundred-k a month You know, I'll show you things you have for right now Like I had one of my students the other day some of my inner circle and his name's also Jeremy so this this this one of my students Jeremy from from me sitting here talking about this all the time look at this He made $132,000 in a month from one client one client okay now although yes just to be clear from like a disclaimer perspective Highly irregular but to be fair when I was got a lot possible Okay, yeah possible that kind of guy like sitting there doing that kind of level of result just to help you understand like it comes from This like belief and somebody else already showing that it's possible I didn't have any of that there was not a single fucking person I'm a marketing agency getting paid a hundred thousand dollars a month off of client like there was none of that shit I had one of the guy who was doing it it was it was my it was my mentor kept Kevin Hodo It was one point I thought he was the best Marker in the world like games were in Jim launches ads, you know, tag more a bunch of fucking big name dog and He died a COVID right so now like highlander to come on be one Look more of the story, okay, you don't know what you don't know and and I didn't fucking know shit about people out there Getting paid like substantial sums of money is the moral of the story But I did know I was getting big results for the people that we were working with you like really putting some intentional effort behind Okay, I thought with two things it felt fair and it felt like from an incentive perspective I could get more out of myself as an incentive what I mean is like really think about this, okay? Let's say you pay somebody just a flat fee to run something as important as you're advertising for your business What are they incentivized to do they're incentivized really just to make back the money that you've spent on advertising and their V so you can comfortably justify paying on money again That's right. They just got to make enough for you. So you can't pay you it's like it's like a look I made you enough for you to pay me again this upcoming month This is the only other incentive there is well if I do really well in your account It could get me other accounts. Yeah, and that and itself from a business's perspective is also a terrible incentive to align for your advertiser We're like you're only gonna get you a big result so they can get a bigger deal that they get more fucking money on Okay, once again two things fairness and incentive I thought to myself I was like this feels really fair that I should get more money In comparison to what I'm getting now is a flat fee and then two I thought from an incentive perspective Man dude if I had a fucking percentage of upside on these people's businesses I think I give way more of a fuck than I do now I felt like I'd be fucking unleashing a whole other monster. I felt like I'd really reach like a new level of A potential from doing it this way. Yes, and that's when I fully committed was when I sold myself on essentially the ethics of the new model It was actually the best deal for the client. I don't think this is false conviction to be clear I like things is okay. I just looked Every deal we do and I looked at it and I said every deal Where I've really made a lot of money has just come from an incentive of like Okay, I can go flex that deal and get more result if I had an Intensive where you're gonna pay me a lot of money based on the amount of money I make you I'm probable to make you me even more money. Yeah, it's then I have like a direct financial incentive from doing this You just know what firm fee wouldn't you? No, I do I do I do try to help him. Okay. Okay. I do so be clear Here's what I learned and this is very important to understand. Okay. You got to be honest with yourself I did try to be fair doing a deal or two where I just only tried to revs here. Okay, okay? The issue is is like it takes a little bit for them to actually be able to get to the point and by a little bit I mean like it might be like 60 days or 90 days. Yeah, but keep in mind you at this specific time in this transition I'm like fucking 23 24 years old like I need money. Here's here's the difference watch this I would have a few clients pay me on the fee and a revshare a few clients pay me just to fee And then like let's use the example I experiment with just this revshare relations. Yeah, who am I gonna pay attention to there? The one who gave you some money already right? Yeah, it'd be clear It's like I can't fairly prioritize the person even if it's a great deal I had this guy he often me 40% gross. Okay. How great is that sound? You see his reaction right there? Okay? Like he's but between all right, what 40% gross? I thought to myself the same thing you did I was like oh my god. I was like this is gonna be the greatest fucking deal ever like I'm gonna I'm a very bond on steroids This fucking deal too. Yeah, I'm gonna say this shit and unfortunately I didn't even fucking log into the account Why do you think that was does you had people giving you money? And so I'm gonna send them okay, so it's like okay now that's an example of being honest with your sin So when I saw that in my behavior I didn't really question it. I didn't think like Oh, what am I retired over here like why am I not logging into a 40% gross? Yeah, it's like well, no I mean I had a bunch of other people that were already paying me and to be clear It's like I just pressure with that money you already have I don't know pressure under him 100% I told new classes all the time when they say that same thing like oh, why don't you just do a revsher only and I tell them I'm like this is an example like look at what I did I already know I'm gonna be probable to do that again with you. Yeah, so I have to have you pay a certain amount of print So I can ensure that I can prioritize the relationship right off the bat because like at the end of the day Yeah, I do want to get paid a fat amount off revsher and when you are paying me off revsher I'm happy to stop Tardin feet and just you revsher to be clear God, it's like Literally just from a prioritization perspective. I've just been honest with myself about that doesn't work Otherwise, yeah, that makes a lot of sense difficult to go to move just a pleasure right? You need to hang right? Yeah, so like this when someone gives you money this pressure behind that to perform But there's no pressure with it's just all upside. I think this is another incentive Okay, when a client does pay a certain amount of print they have an incentive as well to like do the shit that they need to do Yeah, they got to pay you in a 30 days or they got to fire you and give up So it becomes a waste of time on their end and in addition to that it becomes like a loss the money brings pressure on both sides Yeah, 100% so it's like I need you to film ads. Yeah, I need you to like give me logins and shit It's like well you got you got no pressure to do it if you don't pay me anything Yeah, and your ads spend doesn't start until you give me all this shit So like well you got a bunch of other stuff you're doing to make money anyway Why would you all of a sudden pay attention to this? Yeah, you're gonna pay attention to it because you paid money do it. Yeah, make sense You see I'll give you another example. I had a guy. You know him as well. Gabe. Okay Yeah, he grew down. Oh, yeah, he grew down. Oh, he helped grow down. Like she did channel over four million subscribers Okay, he's one of my inner circle students. He was willing to help me at no cost Mm-hmm grow my YouTube channel and like help me with like videos and like stuff like that Dude when game is helping me out and do anything God, hey you see versus now I pay a YouTube guy. I'm three-camera month Yeah, I've been consistently making two videos a week every fucking week because I have a reason to because I'm paying the guy You guys should say I'll Jeremy's YouTube. He's he's not here to sell y'all anything today Man, he's just we just talking but check out his YouTube man and it's not going to be for most of y'all cuz he only talks about getting to a million in a month I've been watching him in you can you I deal demograph yeah More of the story is I just got really honest with incentives and like the power of him and I just looked at What was driving my behavior? No, and I looked at what was driving the client behavior and I'm really I'm really like up front about this dynamic on sales calls with Potential clients I straight up tell him I'm like we do it this way because of this we do it this way because of this This is why we have charges you know and like we just go over it all We just use words like fair and at the end of the day like that's what it is dude. Yeah, it's a fair fucking deal for everybody Like nobody's going into it with like one side has the advantage over the other like this not how I look at it all You know, you're you're getting a marketing partner out of the relationship that like actually gives a fuck for like Probably the first time in your business. Yeah about the amount of money you're actually gonna end up and by the way I'll get paid off gross. I get paid off the net amount that's trackable back to our action Yeah, so not only do I give a fuck about the amount of money they make I give a fuck about the amount that they net Yeah proper incentive okay going to 2018 Mm-hmm. Okay. I do these things called video pitches. I do a perfect called video pitches So I pitch a guy, okay. He asked me right away He goes how much are all your other clients paying you like what's the most anybody else's paying you and I was like Anywhere for like five ten-kim month, you know, and this is one of my first big ref share deals and and he goes okay I'm gonna pay 25 kim month and I'm gonna be your top priority and like right away I was like dude, that's fucking sick. I think you know I did that with Amber really yeah Yeah, I went I Was and I said listen I want to give you more incentive because I want to see them just ask for it Like what's everybody else paying you like I want to pay a little yeah, so right away Exactly what he says is true like he becomes my top priority, okay? Mm-hmm and I get a rev share with this guy and to be clear Like I taken from a couple hundred grand a month to over two million a month and eight months I know that I was ripping like 200 jesus month off this deal at a school Yeah, it's like the validation, you know, and then to be clear like this dynamic becomes really awesome Like you talk about pressure and imagine having one deal that page you that much. Yeah, you fucking you all years in one batch You protect so it's a basket. Well, no, no, no, it drives you get more so you head more deal Again, that one fucking deal page you're like money. It wrong because like God forbid you lose that deal. Yeah, I like what happens then Okay, you're fuck you get rubbed that rug yourself You know you remember why I just showed you about Jeremy yeah, and and his fucking hundred and thirty six Kama, so that's sick right, but like what do you think he feels right now? He pressure He's like I got to go get some more fucking deals Yeah, I guess I got to hedge without exaggeration. Probably probably a best fucking game I've ever committed to and like my make money part of my life Okay, like I immediately after getting paid that amount of money and so fucking financing motivated to make so much more money Yeah, because I had to based on this perspective of like hedging the risk of only getting paid off that one Deal. It's easy to be fair after you start getting some case studies like that to be able to get other deals and other Relationships and like you know like I said I mean we did we all kinds of fucking deals like that You know some people say like getting your first million is is harder than getting to ten million I personally think it's easier to get one hundred Kama client I think it's like a challenge to get ten. I think you're right. I do think it's hard and I Then it is to get the one because one minute you could just do it by yourself. You just hustle to one That's the thing but it's a You need it's fucking teams do one one deal at a hundred K. It's like well you got all the time in the fucking world You know like you can put it all towards that one deal and that's that believe it or not Is it one of the most common things that I see amongst like my high-slow of fucking students It actually pulled his shit off to don't get like one and then they'll immediately like feel the Oh shit. I got to get more you know you really got to look at it Well how much time did it take you get that one in the first place? How many deals did you have to go through to like figure out what that one deals characteristics look like in other deals? You could vet for in the future. Are there anybody else in that niche that you could work with to like make a more probable to get other deals Is your current client paying you that much gonna be fucking living if you go out and work with other people in their niche and my Pettitors for them so like technically you got to take that same skill set and apply to a different niche You know Yeah, yeah, yeah, you go and you go and I'm sent. Yeah, so I do all kinds of like Highly sophisticated fucking problems that start to come up You