Yo, what up with that? Welcome to another episode of Victor Retalk. In this episode, man, I wanted to highlight. Like young I'm entrepreneur. She's 21 years old. She's having a big move. She's from Chicago. Just like me. And that's why I wanted to bring on a social media story. Maybe inspire y'all because I know there's a lot of young people here from similar backgrounds. And I wanted to bring our Yale all over school and on then. Hi, I'm doing really well. I'm just glass of here. Was I so you 21 year old at business business on how long you been? When did you start? So I started my first business when I was 14 years old. You know, I was living in Chicago. And I wasn't old enough to get a job. So I started so early because I had no other choice because what I was dealing with at home. I'm like I need to make someone you need to find a way to make some running. This like the only option was for me to figure out what business to start. Yeah, well, that's not the only option Chicago man. It's like man. It's the crazy. That was only legal option. If it was even legal, it would be working out young. I don't know if it is. Maybe what did you do? So I've got this. No, this is good. You actually. Because a lot of times, some young people ask me, y'all, I'm 14, I'm 15. Yeah, how can I get some money? I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm a fucking you don't, right? Like, because you figured out what what did you do? So maybe that can spark some. So I started doing here. So I started my sister used to like make wigs and stuff and I would help her. It's all my okay, I'm a charming wig. Now I'll just tell myself like a little bit better how to make the wigs. And I'm like, okay, I know how a lot of personal things look like. Uh, who will wigs me? $90 or $100, who will wigs me? Clients like look for clients. And so I always started off like that and then I started doing like my first sewing. And I was just literally practicing something. And then instantly like posting on an internet, ask somebody to pay me to do it for them. Oh, okay, okay. So you post your first classes off, like Facebook, like your family friend. Yeah, but I was like practice on the mannequin here, before I had clients, so I would post the mannequin here. Oh, yeah. And they're like, my little sister, she was like four years old. I practiced some French braids on her and I posted it. Like I was, I did not do it with myself and post myself. And you got clients off there. Yeah, I mean, it wasn't crazy at him. Do a lot. But does your first. Yeah, it was coming in. All right. Now what was the first like, I know that that probably got you to start. Let you know that it was possible. What was your first like business? Like venture to actually start making some real money. Um, here. Here started making me the most money at the time when I was like, um, 16 and 17 years old. So I really stuck to it. And by the time I was 16, that's the one I started seeing $10,000 a month, six figure years. And then, um, by 17 when COVID came, my income doubled to most full six figures. So I was still in a hair and doing hair. Like, what were you doing here? You was like, just doing people's hair or what. I was doing a wig and sauce. What wig and stuff. And stuff. But that was about the time I was the age when I started off in the 14th. I was doing flexi-braids. I was always, I was forever possible. I was like, whatever, whatever. So I was going to pay before. Yeah. But I doubled down by the time, like a couple of years from COVID started. Yeah. God, God, God, God, and then what what what would you do now? Now I do business culture and digital marketing online. So basically, my entrepreneurship journey has made people not only pay attention to what I was doing, but how I was doing it. And so the man, the man came about for people to learn from me. How do you market like this on social media? How do you do this? How do you do that? So it's like, okay, self-layer. I gotta start teaching. So I started teaching people how to um, skill their business is online. So people don't know how to make content. They don't have to market. They don't even have to form their business. New foundation. So I help with things like that. And then also I sell whole-sil vendors. So someone started clothing business. They want to start a here business. I go straight to China. I go straight to Vietnam or in I am source the suppliers in person, tested and then I sell it to people on social media. How does that work for you with the terrorist initiative? The terrorist. So I luckily, the suppliers that I use have US location as well. So they would just ship out of their US factory to where they avoid the terror fees right now. So a lot of people didn't get worried, but it worked in my favorite. The terror fees worked in my favorite. That's all I know. Well, I want to know only people who got a US-based supplier who have US locations they can ship from. That's what's up. So you're not just, you're not even though you're your coach, businesses, you're coach, you're always, you're still running your, you're exactly where. Yeah. That's what's up. What's, what are some of the, you say you help people with social media and the number of them? What is, what, give some tips like they get on the entrepreneurs, right? You know, because I'm I'm 42, right? So I don't know what it's like to be in, you know, in their early 20s, man. Well, did you say to somebody who's watching this with like 20, well, some tips you get them? Um, I really feel like it's not even an age on it because it's like no matter how old you are, some people aren't being the same position. I feel like do not wait for something to be perfect. People want to wait until everything's seen perfect to start. No, you start and then you make it perfect. Overall, it's never going to be perfect. You get better back experience. You learn through trial and error and some people do not understand it. I think that they, their near imagination so much that they're imagining something in some form of perfection that don't exist. If you're going to get into entrepreneurship, you have to understand. It's going to be ups and downs. Know you're not going to blow up on the first day. You're not going to blow up on the first night. You might not blow up on the first month or the first year. But what's like, you're making up money to get that month to month and how you view this, right? So that should be enough for you to stick to it and keep going. But yeah, I think people expected to come easy. It's not easy. No matter if you look easy today to this person that you look up to that person, it's not easy and it was never easy and it's still not easy. Yeah. This has got to follow up with it. You know, there's always some struggles that everyone does. Yeah, like it's like, like, what are some of the struggles you had about them? Like some struggles that had to go through is it's real? It's, I don't know if I should consider it a lot or not. But one thing that I struggle with is when it came to dealing with people, I didn't realize that I was not only signing up for teaching people, but I was signing up for dinner with other people's emotions as well. You say people with people who you talk about employees, you talk about vendors and employees, you know, customers. Yeah. So it's like, mean helping people start or start or skill their businesses is more so a mindset thing rather than a physical thing, because I've noticed that I can teach, I can teach you everything I know. I can teach, I can give you the blueprint. But if you don't do nothing with it, then what are we doing? But then they have the ability to blame you for not working because it's like, oh, I put, I put my problems in your hands. But I still didn't fix. I still didn't fix my discipline issue, my self control issue, my dedication, but at least not got somebody to blame. Yeah, no, no straight up. That's some real stuff. That's the real stuff. Because you don't start it off as a personal trainer. Like I started it like so they they pay you to say, and now they didn't go home and eat right. But they're going to blame you. They're going to say you're not a good trial. And they're not doing any work. And I'm like, Nick, you know, working. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, is it? Is the teaching not working or you know, working? That's the prime example. They can pay you to be at our personal trainer. They can come to the gym every day with they don't go home and eat right. Yeah. Not going to see results. But since they finally pay somebody. Man, it's you. I'm, yeah, not that's a big fact, man. That's sometimes people just looking for a scapegoat or they they want it, but they, you know, they might not want it the way they think they want. They might not want it's bad is they. Or they might not know that they're not buying. They're not buying you. They're not buying your body. Yeah. They're not buying your discipline. Yeah. They're not buying your ambition. They think he's just going to rub off. But they got it. Oh, you're buying the ingredients. You're buying the instructions. You're buying the knowledge and education. So I, um, I, in today's time, I struggle with like, you know, how to navigate through that. Yeah. Because I'm like, oh, this is about to be a long journey. Yeah. This is how this is how to be a long journey. So how to deal with situations like that. Um, I did, I deal with them, but it's like, I know, I've for Roach, if you got to know that it's not going to end. It's never going to stop. So how are you going to handle these situations when that happens? So yeah, that's one of the things. It's another thing. What are some things you have to change about yourself? Right? Because you said, he would have to change their discipline. Like, what is things you had to change? You come to success. What's a young age? Um, first of a comes successful at a young age. I had to change my environment. So as you know, I grew up on the South Side of Chicago. I used to live on 71st in King Drive. I actually was house to house every single year. Every year we got evicted. So I lived on the East Side. I lived on 70. I lived on 78th in Cows, 7th of the Palina. I lived on Side of the Pacific. You drive. I'm going here, here, here, here, here, here. So, um, when I was 17, I'm like first off, I'm tired of being everywhere. And second, I was just not how I want to live. It wasn't the best house. It was 10 of us in the two bedroom. I'm like, this is not how I want to live. So once I got myself together with um, doing here at the time, I first think I did my first part of my mom would down town at school at Condol. I arrived building. Right? I didn't even know anything. I didn't even know that condols were a thing. I just used to think that skyline downtown was just for show. Yeah, you just office good. Yeah, I didn't know people were there. It's all right. I didn't know people lived there until one time I went like, just wanted to say, you live here? That's like, what? You know, the condol? Yeah. So my first apartment during COVID, I called uh, high rise apartment on the 16th floor downtown, where for no effort, 12, 1500,000. Okay. That was great for um, that was great for downtown. So yeah, first thing changed my environment, they also changed the people who I was around because I noticed that um, the people as I was elevated and the people who I were hanging around, starts to act. They started to act different. We'll wait. Like in a, uh, a jealous and evious way, especially being a female. Um, and it came from me and I want me. So it would be like, I think that some people like to see you in a sort of position, they don't want to see you grow and they don't want to see you grow more than them. They definitely don't want to see. Yeah, especially knowing, especially knowing that you are around each other. Like like we hang, we hang every day. We, we like, we do the same type of stuff, but I'm still here. You, you grow. You're going up up up and I'm still right here. They like, what about me? Do something. Like, do something. If you don't do nothing, you're not going to get nothing. So I had to change this type of people while I'm on the ground because it would always be like, you know, people acting weird, people starting to sneak this me and spread rumors about me or some people really hate, but wait, other people love you. So they would like try to sabotage my name a lot of times because they see like, have people show me love and I guess just that spirit and then I'll be like, damn, was that difficult for you? I'll be yeah, I hate it all my life. Yeah. So when did it happen? I'd be like, I know exactly what's happening. I don't know what this is. I've seen it before. Yeah. And it's like, so you had to make like new friends, basically. Yeah. Yeah. Was that like, amazing. Yeah, it was better. Yeah, I'd be like, how do you go about that? Because sometimes people, they hit me up in the ass. You're how do I go about meeting different kind of people. I want to elevate my social circle. You got to go to the right places. Don't expect to meet someone to elevate your social circle at the club or at a house party, at a bar, even, right? Like, you want to meet people with the gym. Yeah. You want to meet people with network and events. You want to meet people with card dealerships. Like, you want to meet people. I got about a lot of social for reals. They like, in the place, like, the type of friends you want to have with the type of habits that you want to have, go to those places and you're going to meet like, my and the people. And you know, it's funny, man. I'm super glad that you say that it's just here the young age. Because my nephew, he's the Chicago right. He sounds outside. And I helped him. It was like during COVID. I helped him start a business and he made like over $1 million. Right. And I was here in the super excited for him. Right. And he's in this 20s. And but he stayed on the South side. He's relieved. And so that his home is getting shot and robbed. And every like, like, real shit. Well, like, well, it's really. And then he bought all this fucking jewelry and shit like, like, down. Why they want to see. They used to think that these people want to see you, but they're watching with the cars, with the money. And they can't. And they're not getting that. Yeah. They're not going to be genuinely happy for you. We don't see that in Chicago. No. It's not they are any nice. It's not like, it's not like in Miami. It even still like you. I mean, then like that, it would happen to them. Like, I would be scared though, like, when he was walking around, we're like, like, hey, you know, it's not safe. If you look on the target because you're, the people around you are not living like that, they're not dressed in like that. They're not know. And I tried to get them to come out here. Right? I tried to get them out. Like, I brought them out here for a month. And I put them in a place in a, he went back to the south side. He was all saw this money. Like, he broke it. Because he still, because he didn't get from around those people that he grew up with. He didn't get it. Get from around those people with that stagnant mindset. Yeah. So you're growing. You are supposed to move around. You want to come up with a simple stay there. But just hold them to come out here with me. Right? Now, you can stay with me. Right? He didn't live with, like, I'd say, I got them with place downtown. It's like for the summer. And I was like, yeah, stay here. And then like, you'll get you shut together and then get, you know, like, move back to the sky. Oh, man, he broke. Man, had to see. Because it's like, you don't even see better out there. Like, I love time still. You're not going to be wrong. But it's like, come on. Okay. If you at this level, like, you need to see people doing better than you. You need to see people better houses than you. You need to see people better cars than you. You need to, you need to hear and see people making way more money to you. Exactly. If you, if you make an emotion money in your friend group, you make an emotion money in your neighborhood, you make an emotion money in your city. You know wrong city wrong neighborhood wrong. That city, you won't be, you would target. And I do like me and my friend. We were talking. She was like, man, yeah, just moving this to building. I got a really, really good. I'm like, I got a really, really good price. She was like, I'm like, are you? She's like, I'm like, 30,000, she was like, I think I'm the poorest person in my building. So you was like, I think I'm the poorest person. And it's a self- money because she's doing really well for herself. But it's just like, when you get in a wrong way, you get in that location, you get an environment. That's a fact. It's like, you think you don't all it is. But no, what if we make a 300 million to mine? You're around 1,000, I'm like, so it was just so funny because it's like, she wasn't down playing herself. But it's like, it makes sense. Yeah, we know what it's like. Like, I, yeah, okay, I'm like a third thousand one. I might be the poorest person here. Yeah. It is fucked up being, it's fucked up being your richest friend. Like I remember like, like a long time ago, like, I felt that way. And because there was nobody you can ask where it vices. Bingo. You know, if you, if you do big dog, then it's like, it's like, who are going to start? So me and my friends, we are all in different states and cities. So it's like when we find each other, it's like a gym. Because we get to talk, we get to talk about our business, we get to talk about our webinars, our funnels, like this is this working for you? Yeah. What's your coverage like, any of my dang man? I got nobody else to talk to the stuff about. You still, why you say you Chicago? Why you say you Chicago? Why you say you Chicago? Why don't you like, I don't only go back. I love Chicago. I love Chicago too. I love Chicago. Oh, you left Chicago. I live in Miami now. Okay, my mood. My mood. I got, I got, I went to college in DC and then I would only go back to visit in holidays and I was like, here, let's see it. Now, I can't say. And I'm 2020 so I left when I was 18, but I was still doing here. Don't that came down here? Yeah. I'm like, I need more money. Yeah. I'm like, I'm not making enough money. I'm like an order to live in Miami. You need to be making digital income. You need to be able to pass a bit. I'm like, you need to be having a money flowing. I can't come down there and go look for clients to do here. I think I'm starting back at square one and these people are crazy rich. Yeah. So I turned around. Went back to Chicago. Oh, where? Maybe more money started my digital income journey came back. That's what's up. Popping it. Nice. Nice guys. Okay. How long you been living in Miami a year? A year. What's the main difference? You was asking me. What's the main difference in your opinion between Chicago and? I feel like first off, I feel like Miami is safer for people doing well for themselves. It's definitely, I think that way. Yeah. Look, I'm running on the steel craze in Chicago. I mean, I still got Chicago. I got a real Facebook on my everyday somebody shot every day. Somebody killed literally. Yeah, you got to be summer. You know, every time I got to be summer, everybody gets scared. They're like, listen, same thing every year. And then the people are way more, am I impending people are way more social here in Miami? In Chicago, in Chicago, people are not that social. Chicago got a dark cloud over. I'm not surprised. This is a dark cloud of Chicago. People are angry. People are like, you know, everybody going through something. That's what I feel like if like everybody going through some, everybody resent some, everybody mad. We don't lost everybody in the lost somebody on lost people. It's just like, it's not that much of a friendly, happy place all the time. Unless you, unless the sun come out one day. And now, we're like, oh, the sun, I don't feel good. Let's go to the late glides. You know, when I go next, when I go back to Chicago, I don't go to the cell cell. I like, I tell them, I've been trying to get my sister to move because I'm losing my mom a long time ago. Like, and I've tried to get my sister to move, but if she wanted to kick it now, you got to come up with me. Yeah, it takes so much to pull somebody out of the city. Yeah. It's just a comfort zone. Like, people don't want to lead their comfort zone. People don't want to leave with their youths too. So, I mean, like, I'll stick our family to Chicago. I'm trying to, hello, come on, I'm just saying why are they to last once everybody? Yeah, some Trump pulled them out and it's like, it's like you fight with a mindset at this point because you know that Miami is better or you know that this other status better. That's what's up. So listen, you help you, you actually been helping the other people accomplish some of the same stuff you. Yeah, so that's really what my role is now to help other people accomplish the things I've accomplished or more. And like, I've kind of realized the action that the goal really is to duplicate another me, like to create another me and some people will only teach you just enough to not be better than them. Yeah. But I feel like a real leader, a real mentor is someone who will into goldswords, duplicating another name. That's a fact as a face of what, what is some of the let's say you were, you were coaching somebody. Yeah. Right. What, what is some of the, what is some, but pieces of advice you give them or not advice, what are like five things someone needs to do or to get started to start moving towards the path to get started to start, like get their business from scratch or they are really doing this. It's more fucking, you just start, you just try to figure it out. Well, I think they first need to work in a social media presence, right? And because people need to understand that your social media presence is like your first impression. It, it, it let's people know if they want to see what you're about. If they raise questions, if you make them curious, like, okay, he said he did it. Let me see. And it's like if you got a bunch of unintentional blurry pictures on your page, no professional pictures or your video still look like just for four years ago. Like, content is so elevated right now. So elevated, I'm not saying you better have the most craziest edited video, but it has to at least be good quality. Yeah. Like, what makes a good quality video? A good quality is literally 4K camera, a good light in or the iPhone, which some good light in. Good angles, not shaky, like you have to really make it look good. So your social media presence, the quality of your content, and then being intentional, people think it's just all picking up a phone because you have to market your business. Right, you have to market your business, but it's not just picking up your phone recording a random video like no one's going to care. Literally no one's going to care. Uh, so you have to be intentional with the concept that you put out, where everything you do, and then build on the foundation correctly. Some people don't even know they're a why. They don't even know they're a purpose. They only purpose is to make some money. And if you only purpose is to make some money, no, that's not going to go far. And then understand that, um, marketing is everything. It's not about the best product. It's about the best promoter. That's a first. So you be man, because somebody's stuff not better than yours, and they make one money than you, don't know about it than you. It's because I don't know what it is because the way they promote themselves, you can't be mad. You, and type you, snobbing here and title, thinking that everybody posts and all you, you'll stuff is this good. And you don't market it correctly or from one to correctly. So marketing is everything in business. That's how you learn it. I learned it like, okay, really tied into, I used to dance in Chicago, I used to do hip hop, like the Bovilka for eight every year for a year. Yeah, I did Bovilka for eight five times. So on a dance team. Yeah, when she said dance, she said, yeah, my enemy, sorry, my enemy, something like, no, real dance. So when I was on a dance team, I mean, it was like competition. So we had to be better than the other teams, whether it was what we were wearing, whether how we present ourselves, the dance we were doing. So I always had that competitive energy to do everything better than anybody else in my industry or anybody else around me. So it's just like I already had the competitive energy. So the way that I put my content out there, I always think of the best of the best and something that everybody else is not doing. How can this be unique? Like what's going to make somebody choose me over the next person? And then my dance coach, he passed away rest of his to him. He put me on a hip-hop, he put the whole team and a party, he turned us into a party remoders. He made a party from a group out of a few people on a dance team. So, you know, we're young. So we just do whatever. We just do whatever. So we would have to promote the parties at the same times every single day. Like every day at FabaClocky, it'd be like 30 of us, but okay, yeah, flood the timeline at FabaClock, post-aply at six times, go criminal, everybody post you see on Facebook, go post a picture and put the party in your caption. So like we will drown Facebook, we will pack out the party soon. But it was like we had like methods and strategies to flood and promote and market. So it'd be somebody like hum, or making a status and I go coming to be status like, oh, you boy, ain't no way to be booted. We got this party. So I make sure we show off. Is it a little mom? Yeah, yeah, yeah, we were going to remember market and so the same energy I just applied it to my business because it was like already instilled in me. So it was like a little weird way in me learning, but I feel like you should use what you know in other areas and apply it to your business. Do you help any kind of person who's trying to build a business or do you use this, is there a specific type of personal business you look at for? No, this is pretty general. I feel like all business is running off the systems and marketing. So the methods that I do teach is pretty general for to fit in any category for the most part. Okay. How many people have you up so? I have 50 mentees right now. That's what's up, you know, congratulations. Thank you and like every round that I do, I usually have like 30 40 mentees, but this is my higher ticket. My mentorship right now is like the most that I've charged and they're living in. Yeah. And it's been more, it was more people. Really. Yeah, so I feel like it's more value when you really like charge your supposed charge. Yeah, now you get a lot of people scared to charge, you know, we charge anything, right? But, you know, there's both the charge. Is that some you work struggling with? I never struggle with that, but I make sure I teach it. Yeah. I'm like, listen, you need to pay yourself. Yeah. Like time is money. Value your time where people won't value you. Like people, people value stuff more when they pay for it. Yeah, and more you pay them more you pay it. Yeah, if you give them something free, they ain't gonna take care of it. Even if it's something really good, they're not gonna care for it because it was free. That's a fact. People pay days taking most serious. How do you teach people to get over that? Because I get that with something to people I'll work with. But how do you get them to that? I'd be just preaching. You just told me, but I'm gonna press it like listen. Like I'm being with president president. Yeah, you know, like what I always tell me was like, you know, prices is illusion. You know, it's like it's not even real. It's just really what what someone is willing to pay for something. Yeah, and everybody is my broke. That's like, would you, why would you sell $1,000 a product to a thousand dollar client? They came ready to spend $1,000 with your stuff so cheap. Yeah. And I got extra nine hundred dollars today. Or I'm gonna give you like, oh, just say, or it'd be like, you know, it shouldn't for me. You don't pay like, oh, this much like, like, I want the fucking, I want, yeah, I want to show up the better. I don't know, I don't want the regular shit. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I was in like, is like, oh, this, what is this, then you should have kissed position like his McDonald's or something. Exactly. It's right. Okay. And I think of it as fast food. Yeah. It's as quality. Yeah. So like, they even if they do, why the burger won $1, this came be real food. Where? And the way this room is. Where? Yeah. It's too cheap. Like, people get actually skeptical. Like, get what the fuck? Yeah. And that's when I try cheap clients. And they give you cheap behavior. Yeah. There are people who pay the least. Are the most stressful. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. Yeah. People pay the most is they usually come or stand up by the, because it was it. I'm being presented. The people who, basically, yeah. If people pay more, they're less problematic. And they take more serious and they die with more people who spend their last, some people who spend their last, they, um, people who spend their last, they will literally treat you like they spent their last. Like, when people spend that last, which you, they will give you a problem, because they generally won't pay money back because they ain't on a woman. You know what, the, you know, that's the fact. That's the fact. Every one, but sometimes I can't remember, this is one, though. He, I didn't notice till later. He didn't tell me, but, you know, when he, when he, uh, pay for coaching with me, this is like a long time ago. Five years ago. And he told me that he was, he, it was like his last money. Like he had to fast, but like a few days, the end, like full money. But now, but he worked super, he worked super hard. Right. I'm a little bit who has been a last and then worked hard. Yeah. He, like if you're going to spend your last, you need so, you need to be the haugheriest ever the most. You need to execute, you need, don't even go to sleep. Yeah. Yeah. That's what you want to do. You don't even need to be sleeping. You need to be like really maximizing your investment, making your money back and making it make sense. Don't spend your last if you're still not ready to take it serious, because if you spend your last and you're not ready to challenge your discipline and challenge yourself, it don't matter and don't come blame in me. Yeah. That's what you're paying. You know, it's really, that's, that's usually the hardest part, like it's getting people to implement. So sometimes you get some, some people just like really, really want it. And those that are people who are that, that coachable. And if you're shit is good, right, what you're teaching is good, you'll get the most results. But everybody doesn't get results. It depends on it. I'm sure there is some bullshit out here. Yeah. If you shouldn't even deez it, and somebody goes all out, they should get some kind of way saying, um, you, what you're putting in is what you get out. Right. So it's like, you got to do the work. Yeah. If you don't do nothing, you're not going to get nothing. So you can, it all matter. We're having a YouTube videos. You are how much information you can assume. How many mentors should you pay for. Yeah. If you don't do what they're telling you to do, you're not going to get what you want to get. Or, you know, it's also what you said is 100 percent true. But it's also the, the mindset you approach you with. You know, for example, I remember, uh, it was, it was a while ago. And I paid like 25 grand, right, to spend the weekend with the real, real, full washer. Yeah, from the, the real, the, the real, the, and we're going to work on sales. He was going to go over our sales scripts and stuff. And there was nothing to do with there. And, he was, he was feeling, man, I feel like we have at the end, he felt like, we got, we can't hear what we're talking to 25 K worth of value. And to his point, he did, the wall did not give us every, no, the wall didn't give us everything he said. He was on the roof. Right straight up. I mean, I didn't even know a lot. Okay. But however, I approached the shit like, no, I'm going to get 25. Obviously, when he used 25, whatever I needed to do to make sure that this was worth. I'm going to make sure I exactly 25 K out about because it's 25 K in two days, right? That's, and it's asking a lot, right, but it's like, no, I'm going to make sure I get it. So I didn't feel like I ripped off. I thought, I got what I'd be who worked to do and I'm going to do it. So I swear, I got money back. Right, but this, this is the, you was complaining, man. He wasn't really doing it for real. Yeah, I don't really know what his work ethic was like, but I just know we went into, he went into it. Like, man, I want to see if this is worth it. I went over, I'm going to make sure it's worth it. Yeah, you, you, you know, well, who make it worth it? Like, it's going to be valuable. It's, it should be good. But you're, you're the one who's going to make sure it's worth it. Yeah, you know, it's like, I'm going to make sure I, it's not going to be worth it. If all you did was go read the information and like, okay, and then it's also, it's also, it was worth it, right? Like, because some people like, you had AP had it. Some people say they didn't worth it. You can tell it's all the time of the fall. So it's always was like, it's some of it is subjective as well. Yeah, it's how you do it because it's going to be worth it to a person who uses it for networking and conversation starters and meeting me and great people. But for some of who don't know how to use it to market and network, they're going to put like us not worth it. Or, yeah, you know, or if you just like this, right? Like, maybe you can spend money on. You don't see the value right. It's all good. Yeah. That's for something. Well, what, what, what, what, what, what, what some advice you would give just and close and what some advice you would give to like the young, young entrepreneurs trying to really make it, you know, especially if they come from environments like we come from this, you know? I mean, I always say like, you just got to have massive activity, right? You have to have massive activity. Every single day you should be consumed with doing something to be better, whether it's your fitness, whether it's your financial, whether it's your business goals. Like, it's too, we got 24 hours in a day, right? You should be using all of your time for something beneficial. So, therefore, you have to take away things that don't matter. Gossiping, endless scrolling, binge watching TV, wasting time, literally wasting time. Now, you're being writing, you're in a big, all day and somebody else just worked out. They just came with a business plan. They made content and posted it. They made $3,000. Like, do you know what you're gonna do with time? So, I think my advice will be to value your time more and make a plan. So, if you don't have a plan, you can't just win get. Yeah, you got to really time. At times, the Bruce Lee said, if you love life, don't waste time. Exactly. At times, what life is made of? All right. It's something like that of being really the thing like it in, find your purpose, find your purpose, value your time, and have massive activity. That's what's yeah. We're gonna get in touch with you. They can get in touch with me. My Facebook is Arial Prior, ARIEL, PRYLR, Instagram, VRIO Prior, T-H-E, ARIEL, PRYLR, YouTube, same thing, VRIO Prior. We'll make sure we put it on the screen. Yeah, Anticac, VRIO Prior. Make sure it's the right TikTok. It's big TikToks. It's big Facebooks. They make an all-time in there. I'm not texting y'all, saying all that crazy stuff. They sing it and I'm not. You ain't that a Jew asking for the Bitcoin. Yeah, somebody's about that. Thank you for the crypto. That's not me. Extra crypto. Not me, extra Bitcoin. And no, we're not getting married tomorrow. I don't know who your texting, but it wasn't me. I haven't no. That's it. That's a fact. It wasn't her home. That was not me. So, right time about what? So we're not in relationship. I went last, he's on about. He's on my you acting fun. You're here. I'm gonna text you. He texted me back. I don't know who you texted. Why does he? You got catch fish. He's at my you all here. I can brand new. I'm like, I don't know you. He might not know you don't know me. Yeah, that's why I think I was saying could new more about that story. I was like, I got to. Was you, man? I got you my That's the stuff. Well, thank you so much. You all make sure you got to say a pinwear in a holly drug piece.