I'm not in the team! This is not why you are here! I'm not in the team! So it's about to be New Year's! Alright, it's coming up! This is going to happen! A bunch of you who are going to sit, fitness goals, life goals, career goals, monetary goals, shit in nature, you and everybody's going to be really excited, you know, in January. And by February, everybody's going to forget about that shit. And by February, the majority of you will have given up on your goals already. You have already fucking threw in the towel in one month. I'm going to tell you what it happened, man. Because most of the time people say they'll go, any goal, fitness, life, financial, career, relationship. They get really excited and they try to go for the fucking home run the first time they're on bat. First time they're stepping into the play, they started hitting a fucking home run. They try to throw a Hail Mary on the first play in the fucking game. And then they disappointed when they don't get instant results. They don't see instant results. They don't see much tangible progress initially and they get frustrated and they give up. You two troke us on trying to fucking hit a home run on the first swing. There's a work like that. You got to learn how to get the first base fumes. You know, I'm talking about, you can't throw Hail Mary to first play the game. You might want to just get a few yards and a few more yards and get it first down. Whatever the goal is, you want to take the goal and break it down into small steps. And it work on the small step. That's how the world works. That's how all goals you need to see the nature. Let's say you're a farmer. And you plan to see, you get excited. You want to get all these crops. You're trying to grow something to the state to make those or some shit like that. And you plan all these seeds. And you get all excited. And I plan it all these seeds. I'm about to get the hell of tomatoes. I'm gonna watch. And then the next morning, come out. What the fuck were my tomatoes? I plan in hell of seeds last night. Where the fuck am I to make those? It doesn't work like that. It does. It does. It works like that. Things take time. Things take time. Which you want to do is you want to break that shit down into steps and then work on each step. You know, first you want to pick up the soil. That's one step one. You want to make the seeds and nurture the seeds. Then even then they're going to grow small. You know, it's going to take a while for it to happen. It's not going to happen overnight, man. You're going to take your goal and break that shit down into small steps. All right. And you've got to work on a little bit on your goal every day, man. You've got to work on it every day. You've got a slowly chip away at it. It's like a stone, a stone cutter, right? You're trying to fucking these at this big stone. You're trying to break the shit in half, right? And it just takes the fucking hammer. And he's hitting the nail and he's hitting it. Hit the fucking stone over and over again. It looks like he's accomplished nothing. It looks like he's accomplished nothing. And maybe after like a few thousand hits, man. I might take days to stone. Puts splits. And if you just came on the day to split, you might even be like, whoa, that's awesome. You know, you just did that shit overnight. But it didn't happen like that. It took a thousand. It took a thousand hits. It didn't take that step. What he displayed it. It took a thousand small hits. You could chip away at it. Everything. That's how this wall you go. That is what you're just finishing it. You're not going to gain 10 pounds in one month. Whoever told you that's a motherfucking lie. All right. You can see last year, man. Looking my progress. Again, like blessing a pound a month. All right. But I wasn't getting frustrated these month. I knew that was just the goal. You know, you want to keep getting every inch. You want to fight for every inch, man. Life is the game of inches. You've got to fight for every inch. You only want to get a little bit better each day. That's the thing. Everybody think what's there to have an overnight? That's the problem. That's why the majority of you who set goals for the new year are going to give up about that everywhere. Because you're specifying the shit to happen. It's the least. You're specifying big results to happen. It's the least. It's not working like that. You're going to be a collection of small goals. Small, boring goals. It's going to look like you're almost doing nothing each day. You're only going to get a little bit better each day. That's the thing. You're going to play an instrument. From practice to practice, it doesn't really seem like you're getting way better. But from month to month, you can see an improvement. And certainly from year to year, you can see an improvement. Then you have kids in your family. Maybe you don't see them every year. Maybe you don't see them in the holidays. Every year, they're fucking bigger. They might not have noticed that they got bigger. Because they only happen a little bit each day. It's like, kid doesn't go to sleep. And you wake up, big as hell. And I have a little bit, the amount that he grows each day is fucking negligible. But from the course of that whole year, it becomes a lot. As he has tangible results. That's how it's going to be with every goal in your life, every goal in your life. And you want to make mistakes in one of the way. You're going to fuck up, especially with your fitness goals. You're going to have bad workouts. You're going to miss meals. It's going to happen. You're going to eat the wrong shit sometimes. So you're going to eat enough shit. You're not going to get enough sleep some nights. And you just have to keep coming. You've got to pick yourself up and try hard. You understand? You're going to say, you know, I fucked up. And you've got to just keep doing it over and over again. Keep going. Keep trying to get successes. And keep stacking those successes on top of each other. That's how you succeed. You're going to try to make big improvements every day. That is a fucking fools way of thinking. It will not work like that. I promise you will not work like that. You will not make big progress in one day. So all about making this a little bit of progress every each day. You want to go to sleep a little bit better. And if you do that every night, if you keep stacking success, success is going to talk to each other, we can of course, if you're year you'll make big progress. But from week to week, maybe from month to month, it might be kind of negligible. Let's go back to that form, for example. Let's say there's a group of farmers in one guy comes in the three group of farmers. He's like, yo, bro, you won't believe this shit, man. I ain't getting no tomatoes to see this season. And it'll be like, what happened, man? Did you tend to your fucking garden? You know what I mean? Did you work the land all year? No, I mean, I didn't do that shit. I mean, I do them seeds down and I expected. You know, like, what are the old forms of, like, well, of course you want to go to tomatoes, damas? You didn't tend to your seeds, but you didn't do the one required to get tomatoes. You should, you know, since we're going to have it instantly, maybe you're not going to throw some fucking tomatoes in the ground and they're going to sprout tomatoes. That's not the word of like that. It's going to look like you're going to throw them in the ground and it's going to take a while for them to even fucking sprout. Then you're going to have to keep taking care of them. They're going to have to grow. And then even when they grow, they're going to have to go and grow the tomato that actually grow the tomatoes. And it'll start small and they're going to grow big. Then they're going to get ripe enough to pick. I'm not a farmer, but that's kind of how it works. You know, it takes time. It takes time. You've got to put in the work. It doesn't matter how many times you have sex with a woman. It still takes nine months to have a baby. Right? You can't just go, fuck. Yeah, you're doing one night. And then you're like, you're wearing a fuck's the baby. Now I'm in a takes time. It takes time. It's like they'll let everything go. Now I'm going to tell you a way to speed things up in life, go, when all your goals do all they can be done each day. While this water, the officer, the author of Science and Get It Rit, she says, to all they can be done each day. That's the most important shit in the world. Do all they can be done each day. You're only going to get a little bit better each day. So you're going to squeeze as much light out of each day as you can. You're going to beat the fucking baby into submission. You've got to wake up and talk and take charge. Grab the baby, just cut them, throw them until it oozed balls. You're going to do that. They end and they out. Putting that work, that's how you'll make progress faster. That's the only way to speed shit up. That's the only way to speed shit up. Like right now, man, right now is fucking Saturday night. It's Saturday night. It's fucking... I led in a clock on Saturday. I just got to don't work it out and now I'm fucking filming videos. Been YouTube because that's consistent with my goals. My friends are out to club where I'm drinking or doing a bunch of other shit party. But I'm doing all I can do each day. I don't own a fucking video game system. I'm not, I don't think video games are a whack or nothing. But then I can system with my goals. So I can't fuck with them. You know, I work on my goals, my business goals, my monetary goals, my fitness goals. That's what I've tried to work on. I'm trying to do it basically all fucking day, bro. Film videos right now because that's consistent with my... That's consistent with my goals. I'm working out tonight because I'm system with my goals. But there are some more of these motherfucking books that have to system with my goals. Do all you can do each day and you will move faster than almost everyone else. You will move faster than people who are more talented than you, people who are smarter than you. Like, look man, I got my... I got a pretty successful YouTube channel. You know, I have 10 million. I have 20 million views. I appreciate you guys a lot. As you guys, I'm approaching 20 million, I'm approaching 200,000 subscribers, right? But that's come forever. Man, I put up a video almost every day. And every day I don't put up a video, I fucking pissed because I know I didn't... I know I'm not so... I didn't squeeze the light out of that day. I didn't do all they can be done each day. You've got to beat each fucking day into submission. You've got to tell it who the fuck is boss. If you do it every day then that's the only way to speed you up. That's the only way to get you to accomplish more faster. Because you accomplish more in the day, then you accomplish more in the week, then you accomplish more in the month, then you'll accomplish more in the year. This is what you do. Here's the plan. This is what how you accomplish your goal. Set, edit goal. And you go yourself yourself. This how you get it. Write the goal down. Write down all the steps that are required for you accomplish that goal. Everything. And then put those steps in order. They did knock the month, fuck yourself. Like attack each one. Attack with face. Like jump on them. Attack everything. Let me distract you. You know, if it's important you maybe you fucking put you up maybe you... If you've got a big goal for next year, if you've got a big fucking crazy goal next year, you rip your month, fucking video games system after all. We're just shit up to what you want time for that. You know, you're not going out as much. All right, let me know if you're going to be inside working. You're going to be working on your future. So make that list of everything you have to do. Write it down. Put it in order and then start attacking everything. Everything, man. Try to knock that shit out. Attack everything on that list. Then you can tell you should bed. That's the only way the cops should go sped. Hope that helps.