Big surprise, there's conflict in the Middle East. Who the thought, I want to take it to make some money off. I know that might sound like it's not compassionate. Isn't that the mirror you can do to change what's happening either way? So we might as well make some money off of it. And a lot of people talking about should the United States get into this conflict or not, why not let them fight their own battles? Yo, what up play is this future brand. And I recorded the video you're watching a few days before Trump attacked the nuclear sites in Iran. So in the video, I recorded it live on my YouTube. And on that video, I said that this was going to happen. It has happened. All right, it's just what point out you know, I was fucking right. Everything you seen is right. But the shit in the video was still in play because this is not the end of it. Or the contrary to it, United States need to protect Israel. You're all that. That's not even what this shit is about. This shit is deeper than that. But it's also simpler than that. I want to explain to you some background of this conflict. Why is happening? What's going to happen? And how you can make money off of it? We need to go back to 1971. We had a president called Richard Nixon. Now, before Nixon became president, the dollar was backed by something called the gold standard. Meaning that every US dollar was backed up by gold. Our allies and other governments kind of knew that we were printing more money than we had gold. That we was out here bull. And in Nixon was like, you know what, fuck it. We is making shit. We have to go with the gold standard no more. Nixon took us off the gold standard. But here's what happened. The money got to be backed by something. So later on in the 70s, the US made deals with Saudi Arabia and other opaque nations. Oil producing nations in the Middle East. The deal was that they would price oil exclusively in US dollars and exchange for military protection and some weapons, arm sales. And this created a bigger demand for US dollars, reinforcing the US dollar stance as the world's reserve currency. To make this clear, we're not backed by gold anymore. Thanks to Nixon, the reason the dollar is so strong and we are the world's reserve currency is because oil is exchanged in US dollars. Remember this, now here's the thing. Every once in a while, one of these oil nations, gets the idea that they want to start trading oil in other currencies. But we need dollars for. And every time that happens, we get fucked up. For example, in the 2000s, Sudan, who's saying, the side of him wanted to switch to start trading oils in your roads. Oh, you know what happened to Sudan, who's saying after that? Yeah. The Bush administration made of some lies about them have been weapons and mass destruction. Benjamin Netanyahu, he said there's no doubt that Sudan, who's saying, has weapons and mass destruction. That was straight up bullshit. It was just an excuse to go fuck them up because they were trying to do what? They were trying to trade oil in something other than US dollars. Keep that in mind, this was in 2003. But Sudan wasn't the only motherfucker to try to do this shit. Omar Gaddafi tried to pull the same bullshit. He wanted to trade oil in some African shit. No happened to him? Yeah, the US and NATO launched a military intervention. Backed some fucking rebels, they smoked that motherfucker and then Libya kind of descended into chaos. The plans for that African currency that they wanted to exchange oil was, those plans were scrapped. Venezuela announced that they was going to start trading oil or some other than the dollar as well. So, whether that would happen, US and Posts. Strict sanctions on VS of Venezuela, freezing their assets and then they backed the opposition the rebel opposition that would against them. Venezuela's whole economy fucking collapsed. We didn't go to war with them, but their whole shit is fucked up. It's like one of the worst countries on Earth right now. Syria in 2006 signed a deal with Iran to trade oil outside of the dollar system. Next, you know the US starts backing up opposing forces of the Civil War. Every time motherfucker starts trading oil is something other than dollars. Fuck, civil war breaks out. The rebel poor forces get a bunch of US guns, leaders get killed. Russia. This is where he's kind of. Interesting. Russia. Russia has a lot of fucking oil. I don't know if you'll know that. Russia's one of the biggest countries in the world. It's the only country that's on two continents. It's so fucking big. It's on Asia and Europe. In 2014, Russia began selling oil and gas and motherfucking rubies and euros and wine. All types of shit that ain't US dollars. US imposed massive sanctions on his motherfucking. They said it was because they invaded Crimea and all this other shit. It was about that oil. And there's so many sanctions on Russia just today at the time it is recording. Russian economists said that they are on the break of a severe recession. Their economy is shit, bro. The sanctions are fucking them up. Their GDP is too trillion. To put that in perspective, the GDP of the state of Florida is 1.4 trillion. Like their economy is shit because it is sanctions. You think America really gets a fuck about Ukraine? No man. These motherfucking says they are trying to trade oil on some other shit. So they give a bunch of money to Ukraine. It's just man simple. What does that have to do with Iran? Verse is Israel. Well, for a long time, Iran has tried to sell oil in motherfucking euros for euros and all types of other shit. And we sanction them. We pose economic sanctions. And some military threats. That ain't enough. And run as a lot of oil. It pulling the same should be pulled in 2003. Nanyahu is saying, these motherfucking's got nuclear weapons. Same shit he said about Saddam Hussein, which was a fucking lie. He's now saying, yo, these motherfucking's got nuclear weapons. Now motherfucking's wanna go bomb them. And even if United States doesn't get involved directly, we already given hell of money to Israel to fight them. Same shit we doing in Ukraine. Proxy war. Same shit we didn't in the Libya against Gaddafi, right? We didn't go out in just fight, we gave his opposition man money and guns. Same shit we did in Venezuela. We wasn't out there troops on the ground of Venezuela. We even given mad guns to shit to the Venezuelan opposition. It's all about oil. And ain't about, it ain't about the chosen people. I'm not saying this is good or bad. All I'm saying is these motherfucking's I've tried to trade oil and something other than the dollars and historically every time that shit happens, the country's gonna get bombed and fucked up. It's historically every time. That's what's happening now. Where United States is the main tank, it's superiority in the world. The dollar has to remain the world's reserve currency. And the only way you can do that is if oil is trading to US dollars, any time that is threatened, there will be fucking bombs dropped. That's the only thing this is about. How do we make some money off this shit? The best way to do is in the stock market. You know, Dick Cheney, during Iraq War, it trained used to be the CEO of a company called Haliburton before he was vice president. Haliburton, they make weapons in shit. You know, I don't know why that qualifies you to be vice president. So Dick Cheney, he was super adamant about this war. He had a lot of stock options in Haliburton. He was still getting paid by Haliburton when he went to war. His stock options went up about 3,000%. Because of the war. That's a pretty good return. This motherfucking outdated Warren Buffett. He just had to kill a bunch of fucking foreigners and Americans and start a fucking bullshit war. And he got paid. We can't stop the war. We might as well get paid. All right, here's my picks. There's a company called Lockheed Martin. Lockheed Martin, they make missile systems. They make F-35 fighter jets and shit. Let's look at this chart. This one has a really blown up yet, you know what I'm saying? But it's down here today. You can still get on date. When this war really starts a pop off and it will. They're going to blow up. I really believe they're going to do really well. We have a company called RTX. They make the Patriot missile and air defense systems. They're also publicly traded. This one is doing real well, right? So over the last year, this is up 40%. Cut the average. The average return when you a stock market is only 10%. Got them in the last five months. This shit is up 26%. I think it's going even higher. Because the bombs just started dropping. You think they about to stop? Nothing you can pick. As remember, this whole shit is about oil and dollars. So we might as well start fucking with some oil. You can buy oil futures over the last month. Crude oil futures have went up 18%. Time is recording. I think that that's a good bot. Made by it's get yourself some crude oil futures. You can buy futures on Robinhood. If you want to be more conservative, you can just buy the aerospace and defense ETF. And this is a ITA year to date. This shit is up what? This shit is up 20% year to date. I'm fucking with it. If you want to get even crazier, there's an ETF that's 3x leverage. For every percentage goes up, you get like 3x return. This is DFN. This shit is going crazy. A year to date, this shit is up 63%. Come on man. That's a lot of leverage. So this is 3x leverage that I'm a buy options, which is leverage. Using leverage. I'm going to be super leverage on that shit. Then you want to fuck with some other oil shit. This is the ETF that tracks the energy sector. So this one still got a way to go. It's not doing crazy this year. Or you can just fuck with XI, XI mobile. Oil prices keep shooting up. This is oil futures. Meaning in there, when you buy futures, you're betting that in the future shit is going to be better. Oil prices go up and XI should do pretty well. Also gold. Told you I was buying gold futures. Man long ago. The last six months gold is up to almost 30%. This is gold futures. If you don't buy futures contracts, if you don't even understand, you could just buy the ETF, GLD. That's up 26% year to date. And this is how we all make money off this shit. Pick some of your favorite ones, whatever you like. This shit is happening guys. Because this is the exact same playbook we saw in the Iraq war. Benjamin Yanyahu said this is I'm who saying that. Web is a massive structure. I'm a publish and all the motherfuckers inside. Hey, we need to go invade. That's what's happening right now. And if you don't have any money investing, you need to make some money broke. I got a free ebook for you called The Ten Commandments of Online Training. It showed you exactly how to grow your online fitness business. Even if you don't have a big following, even if you've not certified. I made my first $1,000 as a online trainer. I've taught over 15,000 people how to grow their online business businesses. I'm going to show you for free in that book. Click the link in description. Check it out.