In this video, I want to break down how you can rewire your brain for success. People have these habitual thoughts, or the way they think it actually prevents them from accomplishing their goals or maybe even going after. People all have self-limited beliefs that prevents them from going after their goals or they go after it half-hearted and they out here have step in. Like big daddy can you say it ain't no half step. Come out your half step and then you only go and get half the way. If that's what we're going to show you how to get you be out here big step in. When you rewire your brain, it's very important. You know when I start breaking out the drawing tools, it's just about to get real. So there's a few steps you got to take. Get your mind right. First step you got to take to rewire your brain for success is no negativity. And that's not what you think it means, which means be positive. No, I'm not telling you to be positive. I'm telling you not to be negative. For example, even with the little mistakes, I was with my son we were going to Lego Discovery World and it's in this mall. He was on my shoulders, riding like riding on my neck on my shoulders. That's his preferred method of travel. So we walking around the mall, I had the driver pull this up. I get a driver when I was on my son because he likes for me to be in a back seat with him. We'd be playing games, drawing, shit, Carter boys living it up man. Tell the white driver to shut up and drive. White driver drops himself. He can some of big dogs next. He'd like nine feet tall now. And then we walked. We strut into the mall and I see Omega shop. Watch this. I have a lot of watches. Mostly APs. You roll like this. I had never bought Omega before. I like them. So I said, let me see what the fuck Omega's talking about. So I strut in there with the little fella. He just turned seven. He don't know we rich. He think like the shit we do is regular. Like, you don't know why other people be sitting in the back of the plane or you don't know what a public school is. He just thinks everything's regular. He has no concept of it. So I'm looking at this watch. I kind of like it was this planet ocean limited edition. On a graph watch, little fella still on my neck. And I'm looking at the watch and I actually like how much is this? And do you say it in 10,000 dollars. And then my son was like 10,000 dollars. That's too much money. And I don't know who taught him that nonsense. But I had to pick him up on my neck. I was like, hey, listen to me. Never say anything too much money. We can have anything we want. If, if we're willing to work hard enough to get it. Never say nothing too much. Then I looked at the old make a man that said, give me two of these watch. So I can flex on this little nigga right quick, man. Anyway, that's the lesson. And that's that that's no negativity. Right? Some people will say that's too much money. Or I can't afford that. You got to say, man, I got to figure out how to afford that. I need to figure out how to get more money. Both things are true. It's not, you're not lying to yourself. But one is like your way, even the white flag of the feet. Like a little bitch, like a hope. The other one is like, hmm, let me get up. Let me go up and get after it. It's very important. So even before I started filming this, I was like, man, I, for second, I almost thought I really don't feel like doing this shit. But it said I, I said, you know what, I need to get some more energy so I can make myself excited. Film this shit for you, motherfuckers. Nothing 300 milligrams of caffeine can fix. See, as soon as I saw that, as soon as I started thinking, right, I was like, okay, where did some options? How can I increase my love of money? Get to add a raw, you know? And you know what, let's go with the, it's kind of late for that. Let's go with, like, the, a fedgerum, it's kind of late, pre-workout. That'd get me going. And now look, I'm making dope ass videos and get loving it. You're about to hit the like button now, watch. You feel me, this is very important. Like no negativity. We're, we're looking at it from a different perspective. I'm gonna make a whole other video about this, it's called reframing. No negativity ever, right? So this, so this means look for, good. It's very important, right? Even my father killed himself. You know, like, I really thought about it like, okay, even though it's painful, I was like, this is the opportunity for me to show what I made of. This is the opportunity to show how tough I am, all right? Anybody can say their tough, but now it's the opportunity for me to do it. Both are true. It's just the way we look at it. It's different. People come up to me and like, oh man, I can't get no engagement on my IG. I'm like, you need to be saying, I need to figure out how to get more engagement on my IG. You feel me, it's a reframing brother. The next part is no negativity is pay attention to what you consume. So I don't listen to no negative news. I don't listen to no negative media. I don't let people start complaining around me. I don't want those inputs going in my brain because here's the thing, whatever you focus on, you're gonna feel and whatever you feel you remember. It's precisely whatever you feel you're gonna remember because if you feel it is going to be lodged to your brain, if someone says they're gonna hit you, you may forget that happened bugger from now. But if somebody hits you, you're gonna remember that. Whatever you focus on, you're gonna feel so that I don't watch TV where they're talking about negative shit, where they're talking about bad shit, where they're talking about some war going on somewhere. It's like, I have empathy for those people in sympathy form, but unless I'm a go over there and stop that shit, what's the use of me focus on on it? I know that may seem hardless, but honestly, what if unless I'm gonna do something about it, which I'm not, some should happen in the middle of the least, fucking I do for my enemy. I only focus on things that I can control, things that affect me directly or I can control. If I can't control it, then yeah, I mean, we got to let the chips fall where they may, homie, as as cool as I am. I don't think I can stop war in the Middle East. If I could, I would, I promise. I think DJ Khaled, he posted something on his Instagram, half the comments were, how come you silent on Palestine? And I'm thinking, wait a minute, do these people think that that's how international policy works? And then, Benjamin Netanyahu is looking at DJ Khaled's Instagram to make policy decisions? Listen guys, guys, guys, guys, stop what you're doing. DJ Khaled posted the Palestine flag on his story. Maybe we should reconsider our strategy in the region. Right, I just don't think it works like that. But these people are mad, they're finding the reason to be mad, but that's what happens. It's not those people's fault. What happens is they're focused on the negativity so much, that's what they feel and it bleeds out into fucking everything. There's more of a good just, he just in his car, listening to his new song. Y'all want to talk about genocide, right? It's like because your focus is in the on it. Like, I promise you, DJ Khaled can't do shit. But I take this to his, uh, a really insane degree. I don't listen to song, I don't listen to sad songs. I don't watch the news. If they talking about some bullshit, I really control my inputs. I don't, I don't let people complain about me. I don't know, my girl, she started venting once. She's just telling me something, I was like, whoa, whoa, hey, baby. What's something good that happens today though? You know, because I wanted to just focus on the good thing, when she focused on, started focusing on the good things, like her actual mood change, her tone change, like everything changed. Whatever you focus on, you're going to feel so we can't consume negativity because we're going to feel it. After you've done this for a long time, it will become your default response. Your train to self not to see things from a negative perspective. If I'm late for a flight or my flights delay, I'll be right up here's an opportunity for me to practice patience. If I got a super busy day, I think, oh man, here's the opportunity for me to practice my time management. Let's see how focused I can be today. If I'm going through a challenge, it's a chance for me to show when I made of both to myself and the end to the people I'm leading. Show them why the king has the crown. We want to do his men. We want to have a victor mindset, instead of a victim mindset. That's what he's when you're on negative. Oh, man, my, my head hurts. Yo, I got it. I got to make sure I got to get my head feeling better, man. Oh, I'm sick. I got the flu. I got cancer. No, I got a flu. It's like, oh man, I got to figure out how to get healthy, man. You got to have a mother fucking victor mindset. I should pat in that. You know what, I'm going to let y'all just have it. Just use it. Let the world have it. Just know where you heard it first. The next thing you got to do is you have to change your behavior. Here's why that's important. So the homie soccer teams are one in them. I'll fuck us. Sit. We are what we repeatedly do. So it's one thing to say you're the man or say affirmations or that shit. But it's difficult to bullshit yourself. When you start doing things that are in congruence with the person you want to be or the goal you want to have, that changes the way you think. The person who already accomplished the goals you have, how do they behave? Right? What kind of habits is this person have? What is this person? How does he act in the face of adversity? How many hours of sleep does this motherfucker get? What time does he go to sleep? How does he groom himself? Okay, I close this motherfucker where. It's like really just honestly act like that person. It's not a fake answer you make it, man. It's just you're not fake anything. You're just doing the things that that person will do. And what do you think happens if you do the things that successful people do? You probably get similar results. So what we want to do is to want, one thing you want to do is you want to make, I've talked about this for a list of great. So make it like a list. Think about the version itself who already accomplished your goals and the things you want to accomplish in life. And then start thinking about all the things, how does he act in the face of adversity? What time does he wake up? What time does he go to sleep? Does he fucking play video games on night or does he go to bed early? Does he study? Is he out here getting drunk? Gennai? Maybe that's the kind of guy you want to be. Right? But like whatever it is, I'm not making no judgment. How does that person behave? And make that list extensive. And then start acting like him. Look at this list every day. This is going to change your association with pain and pleasure. So, see me for a, he's a coped up pervert. Right? But he's also father of modern psychology. And old Seagman, he said that every decision people make their either moving towards pleasure or they're moving away from pain, fire represents pain. Right? Either moving towards pleasure or away from pain. So what's going to happen is when you have the list of great and you start behaving in accordance to the person you're supposed to be. You're going to still feel good about yourself. And you'll start associating pleasure with the things that maybe you associated pain with before. The things that, maybe are difficult for you to accomplish now. Right? Oh man, how do I get up early? Who I stay motivated, blah, blah, blah. There's reason because you associate pain with those things. And once you start associating those things, which are listed with the behaviors that the idea of version of you would accomplish, right? And you start associating pleasure with those things. When you rewire your brain like this, you change your associations with pain and pleasure. What happens is you don't really need discipline as much. People think I'm so disciplined. One of my boys, my boy Jeremy, he said, you saved that man, brand is one of the most disciplined people I know. I took it as a compliment, but I'm like, man, they got, I love this shit. Right? I fucking love this shit. It's not discipline to me, you know? Because I change my association with pain and pleasure. And that's the only way I know that that dude has the list of great and the list of hate I don't want to talk about it here. I haven't the whole another video on it. This word, it might get a little weird and might seem like I'm being metaphysical in this shit, but this is some real shit. Right? You got the list of great. When I say, how would he behave, but would you feel? Because I remember what you feel, should you remember it? Those you will or religious will be able to comprehend this a lot easier than your atheist counterparts. Right? But even if your atheist just hear me out. How would you feel if you already accomplish a goal? Like what would it feel like? So not only your behaviors, but how would you actually feel? Can you feel yourself up with those feelings? And I already got it. And like, hmm, what would that be like? There's something about that. If you can practice that feeling, yeah, energy is going to be different. There's a different energy between the person who's like, oh man, I can't get no money. Versus the person's like, you all gotta figure out how to get more money. Versus the next level is the person who feels like, already know I'm gonna get this money. There's this levels of belief. And here's why I say religious people will understand more. If you believe you'll accomplish the goal, you'll go after more. And if you believe it, you'll feel it. But that'd give you what motivation. Right? If you could actually feel like man, just a matter of time for it. This already is already on the horizon. Then you'll feel different. If you can practice the feeling now, and you may think, it's hard to do that. And this is why we're religious shit comes in. I told the story before, what does the old story map people sold it before? It's from your Bibles. This dude he had leprosy. He ran upon Jesus. He came up and was like, yo, Jesus, need you to heal me, bro. Need you to heal me, doll. And Jesus is like, I man, there's different versions of the story and different books in the Bible. But this one version where the dude, Jesus, X, and he says, hell, fan, you believe I can do this. And the lepros like, come on, doll, you know, Messiah, man, no, you came, man, no, you guys, this, you got this play, come on. Give me something to magic. And then Jesus is like, you healed. Right? And then the lepros like, oh, damn, I'm right, Jesus, I feel good now. And then the Jesus said, hey, look here, look here, play, don't tell nobody I did this. Right? And he's like, hey, man, you got it. And the dude, dude, he started off, man, he ain't leping no more. The Jesus disciples. They was like, oh, that was cold, Jesus. Yo, how you do that? He was like, man, y'all can do that. And he was like, yo, man, but, you know, you that dude, man, we just regular guys. He said, y'all can do that. Right now, y'all can go out and go heal some people. And it was like, bad. And then when I was trying to heal people, and then they came back to the home of Jesus, it was like, yo, Jesus. We're healed, nothing, man. We're healed, nothing. And he said, yeah, man, it's because you don't believe. If you had the faith of a muster seed, you can move mountains. That's all Jesus told me I believe, believe, believe. That's not going to be nothing to our atheist counterparts. But here's the thing, though, when you have the belief, why wouldn't you feel it if you believed it? If you really believed it, then you would feel it now. Wouldn't you? If you really believed it, like if you really believed it, like if I broke you with check for a million dollars, and it was in the mail you saw me put it in the mail, you had the track number, you knew it was coming. Right, it just wasn't what you yet. You'd be excited about it now. That's how you got to be about your goals and your vision. You got to feel it now. If you knew it would happen to you, think you would be difficult for you to be motivated to go after it. Would you wake up late? Would you sleep in if you knew it was going to happen? All you had to do was just go get it. If you knew you would accomplish your goals, would you still procrastinate? All you had to do was go get it. I think procrastination, I think lack of motivation, I think all of that shit is really a lack of belief. You get them saying, like, my focus don't really believe that they can do it. It's very important. So you got to start acting like you believe it. This level's a belief. I call them four levels. I think there's different levels. There's four levels. So is this bitch ass nigga? He thinks I can't. These motherfuckers become haters, fucking bitch ass niggas. They have an energy about them. You seem people that fail your energy and permeate them and everything they do. These things become self-fulfilling prophecies because you're energy. You're going to need other people to accomplish your goals. And if you walk around with this kind of energy, who's going to want to fucking help you? Who's going to want to buy from you with that kind of energy? Who's body nigga? Then you got this guy. This is level two. This guy thinks he's still a bitch, but he a little bit better. He's got hope. He's like, uh, I hope. And that's a better energy than I can't. Because the guy's, I can't. He's not even going to try. He out here looking for pity. Yo, mind you, this guy don't get no pussy. You know, can buddy or pussy. This guy, you might get some pity pussy every once in a while, man. It's better energy, but it ain't good energy. It isn't still confidence in somebody who's trying to hire you for something. Or someone who's trying to hire you as an employee or hire your business for something, right? It doesn't inspire confidence. That I hope energy is not good. This is where it changes. Mm-hm. This energy is, I will. Okay. Like, he's going to do it no matter what. And this is better. Like, these people can accomplish a lot. And sometimes you need this energy. Who would you bet on? Just looking at these four, my fucking, these three more fuckers. Who would you bet on? But it's like, there's a little bit of aggression here. I don't know if you really believed. I don't know if you have to be that aggressive about it. Like, if you really believe, right? I don't have to fucking time my fucking shoes like a boss. I'ma tie the shit out these shoes. Fuck that. Listen to a David Goggins video in and hype myself up. And then time my shoe, because why? Because I know. Mm-hm. Because I know. It's like a calm confidence. But that's the most powerful energy to have. Right? The cultivate that. It changes here. Like, this is, this can work in as a time in a place for that. And if you don't believe, maybe you need that. Right? If you, if you're not 100% confident, I rad you be fucking two guns up, kicking the door. But if you know, you have to do that. Like, if you know, do you have to do that? If I go, I don't have to fucking hype myself up to turn on the faucet. Sit that I know I can do. I don't have to hype myself up as calm confident. And if you can start to cultivate that, this is the most powerful state. And it's the most powerful energy. If you are around them, I fuck it like this. You know it. Because you feel like you can do anything just being in his presence. This is that James Bond shit. This is when James Bond is talking to girls like, oh man, we gotta look at some bitches. James Bond is that, getting drunk to go get some bitch. We gotta go get some bitch. It's not. James Bond just pull up in the suit. Bond. James Bond. Calm that I'm a motherfucker. He's cracking jokes while he's fighting villains. That's the best energy to add. If you can have that, these are levels of belief or levels of doubt. This person has the most doubt. This person has no doubt. If you knew it was coming, you would be like this. So all that gunhole, listen to the motivational videos, get in our hyped up. It's cool that I get you really far, but it takes a lot of energy. And that's fine. But if you really knew you wouldn't have to do that. But if you gotta be here, you gotta be here. If you still have some doubt, then I want you to fucking overcome that doubt with that eye-willed energy. You might have to start with hope to even try and get some confidence. And then if you get a little bit of confidence, like, fuck, and I'm a dude is shit. Ah! Ah! But then once you've done it, then you can calm down. This might take some expertise. If you can have that energy, people will react to you differently. Another way to cultivate that energy is to find examples. This can be like people who did it. Make some friends who did it or be around some people. Or even if you just gotta fucking read books by, I'm listening to it, because what's gonna happen is gonna seem real. And if you can't get around the people, then you wanna get books or any kind of content, you know what just content, I'll just fit content. I have one magazine subscription, but is it Rob Ripport? Know that is that's the fucking baller magazine, man. Where they got motherfucking yachts and planes. That's the only way you see a fucking advertisement for a plane you can buy. That's the only magazine I got, because I wanna reframe my brain, right? The only thing about it. The reason that's important is because it's a part of a brain called the reticular activation system. And it's responsible for what you notice. So for example, you get a new car or when your home is to get to a new car, you know you start seeing that car, everywhere, you're not an X man. You didn't attract that shit, you're not magic, bro. The car was there the whole time. But what happened was you never noticed it because it wasn't active in your brain. If you start consuming content about a certain thing, you'll see more examples of it. That's what's so nefarious about consuming negative content in general. Because if you think about war or people getting fucking taken advantage of or thinking about bad shit all the time, because you're gonna see more of it. It's there to hold time, just like that car, right? And whatever you focus on, you're gonna feel. But if you focus, if you consume a content about ballant, people coming up, content about good things that happen, you're gonna see more of that. And that's gonna change your perspective. The mind can make it hell out of heaven or heaven out of hell. You wanna get content of people who did what you wanted to do. But you don't wanna look at it as don't get jealous like a fucking hoe. Only this guy gets jealous. When you see somebody getting jealous or hating, he's really here in that's how it's manifest in itself. So if you watch one of my videos, maybe this video, and there's somebody hating in the comment talking shit, right? They don't know me, right? They don't know shit about me in it. But they're here. A lot of times the way people behave, it's a self-sovie mechanism. Like if you hurt your girl's feelings, it's being angry at you, is a step up the emotional scale, right? It feels better than being sad and hurt. She's self-sovie in herself by yelling at you. So somebody sees me fucking fluxing on them, like super hard, man. If you got this kind of energy, like you can never do it, then you'll have to hate. That's where it comes from. So I got to empathy for those people. The thing is, I don't even think I'm better than you motherfuckers. You just don't know that you can be as good as me. And that's why I make these videos. A motherfucker with this attitude, he's looking at it like, oh man, I could do that too. Like, so when I look at people doing better than me, making more money to me, I seek those out. I seek out people who are better. Some people say comparisons that thief enjoy. That's only if you are bitch. If you got this, I know attitude. Then I see people doing better than me. I'm like, it's real. I can do it. It's just like me. It's where flesh and bone. There's no difference. And now I look for even more evidence of people who've done it. I don't know if I would have even tried to get a million YouTube subscribers. If I had to make my boy, Elliot Hose back in the day. When I saw I wasn't hating on him, I was like, I was inspired. I fucking did it. It can be done. Fuck it. Let's go. I appreciate it. They're heaps doing better than me. If I have friends who are doing better than me, anything, I cheer them on. I encourage them. I want them to do better than me. For two reasons, I want my friends to do better than me. Let me tell you what, two reasons. One, it lets me know it's real and it shows me what's possible. Also, they're going to encounter a bunch of fucking problems. They're going to have to figure out. And by the time I encounter them, they already figured out how to get through it. Like they out here baited tests and shit for me. The pioneers get the fucking arrows. So I'm like trying to help my homies as much as possible. I want them to fucking do good. They're not going to just do what he did. Whatever, man, when you remember when you had that problem, what did you do? Right? I had this recently, Memo Boyne, Jeremy. He was working on something. He was probably getting real successful for it. He ran into a bunch of fucking issues alone the way. And it cost him like $100,000. But because he told me everything that he ran into and how to avoid it, it shit costs me like 10 grand. And then the last thing you need to do, I want you to study it. Whatever your goals are, like study it. Falling in love with this thing is your China compass. Like really study it to the point where you fall in love with it. James Bond just loves saving world and fucking bitches. Right? That's what he do, man. You got a project like that, man. You can't do this until you've gotten a certain level of proficiency at it. But if you really want to learn something, teach it. And you don't have to teach it publicly, you can teach it to like, your homies or your little brother or something, right? Or you really learn something when you start teaching. A lot of times I feel like, you know me as a coach or a teacher, sometimes I feel like I get more benefit than the students. Even though they're live change, you know, when you teach something, you have a deeper understanding of it. It like becomes a part of you, right? It's in you, not on you. And I think these are the keys to rewind your brain for success. If you can do these things, it put these into practice. There's nothing you can accomplish with enough belief. I can't think that the only reason people don't accomplish their goals is because they don't believe enough, but they don't go all out because they don't really believe. I got another video on some habits that will help you become successful. Go check that video on now.