Yeah, so he was telling me about his story. Yeah. I was like, fuck man, we should have said we should have said that for the podcast. But so that's telling the story again like I didn't hear it before. Our group in Southeast San Diego people think of San Diego. It's a beautiful city and it is the area I grew up in Southeast. If you know you know it's got a hood there and it's four corners. Call it four corner of death. And that's why I grew up right there on the corner. There's a lot of dope things in San Diego. Yes, it's a lot of some of the San Diego. I'm like, oh, man, it looks beautiful. You see all these dope things, man. That is a lot of dope deal. You know, Tijuana is right there. I'm in the city. So you get it cheap. You get the good blood. Once again, my neighborhood was known for it because they gained their rent. They had a direct contact with the, you know, I'm saying, our two, that's right there. So all our group was seeing was dope. Those were big cars and jury and shit. So I was fascinated by it. So I just knew I had to get money early. So I was motivated by that shit. And I think it was like my gift and my curse my entire life. Because in the day I was very good at sports. You know, I played ball at a high level. Yeah, you like six, seven or six. Six, six, six, two, 30, 30. That was what I was saying. And yes, I was very, very into sports. But at the same time, I was into the hustle. That's all I knew. Anybody knows me about he played ball and he got money. Ninth grade I had my own little traphouse and my brothers. And we made good money. I'm getting $1,000 a week in high school. And I was saying like, and this is in the 90s. Yeah. I'm putting up on scooter, food, where we'd daint jury home. And I was like, guy, high school. Platinum food. I'm like, I'm platinum. Food, boo, down. What did you do? Yeah, me. Yeah, with an old limit tank. That month was silver. But that bitch caused me to come on it. That's a good high school. And I was going to make a mom chat. I was accustomed to that life. But I was balling too. But I ain't go lie like I was more lean into the streets because I was an instant gratification kid. I wanted to see them shoes and I wanted that money instantly. So as I'm playing ball, if we want to go on my way, I just knew I could do the streets. But God bless me by giving me a talent that was undeniable. Because even when I didn't do good in school high school, and I didn't even play that much because my coach was against me. No, that go. But it never hinders me on being how great I can be. Most people stop or they, you know, I'm saying they got a bad rapport with the other coaches in quitting life and not me. I knew I was better than everybody. Okay. And I didn't give a fuck. I'm going to improve them wrong. So my home you went to a school, because we went to the same camp, but they gave my scholarship. During that summer of my senior year, now I graduated barely. He went to the school and it had camp, summer camps. Okay. So I'm going to the summer camp, just, you know, playing every day with it with their team, coaching the kids and stuff like that. I'm playing so good at the coach. I want to me to go to the school. Okay. But I didn't have a good grades once again. The number one jerk college plan or nation was on their team. He watched me play every day. I'm playing to get some given work. He like bro, I'm going to call my coach, see if we got more scholarships. Understand, their school at the time was 31 in one. The only loss in the championship of the Jukele National Championship to Steve Francis at this time. It lost one game. The best school in the whole nation. The best school I could possibly go to if I did everything right because my grades so bad, right? He called us coach, he described me off the description alone. He sent me the last scholarship there. I signed it, sight unseen in Atlanta. Georgia perimeter college as a school on Wednesday. So I went out there didn't know what I was going to do. I didn't know nobody but I knew I can ball. And I bought out for them two years. God is great. And I'm saying made to the leadado of the Jukele National Championship. I'm all conference, all tournament team, killing once again. Guess what, Brandon? Bad grades. So once those two years up in Atlanta, what are they going to do? Yeah. I had a scholarship offer in Arizona State. I'm like, fuck it. Can I come out there go to a Jukele work my grades in? They said, I can't. I go out there. I'm trying to work my grades. I got once semester, I got to get these grades right. I'm transfer up. And at mean time, I ran to one of a couple of homeboys and I'm going to say their name, but there was an a streets. We going to the club. They got five bottles of moe wet. Yeah. They said, SUV's, get been lying. I'm like, damn, what's up? Yeah. Like you want to be with us? Yeah. I got no time to be sitting here, waiting and trying to play ball. And they put me on an arm. That really trains the trajectory of my life. Because I was just, I said, start focusing on the streets. And I made good money real fast. But it's so severely dangerous. They'd be real like, even when I told you story, I am really tell you I was doing. And my junior this 20 years ago, you know, my own man is way past. That's what you were living. I taught the mind everybody's all the time. He needs cases to close. Yeah, they've been closed. Everybody died and jailed off. I appreciate it. Don't even worry about it. But so at this time, we're doing like, we was like coyote again, bringing people across the border. And we pull up an SUV, stack the people in, drop them off at a drop off house. Oh, sir. You got 1,000 a person and then when they leave out, they give another 1,000. They call it a get theyself out. But we was grinding. So we were dropping off get the money. Come back still to people from the again, drop them off at another house and rob the house, get the money. It was crazy bro. So it sounds dangerous. It's very dangerous. These are cartels as a link in these situations. Yeah. And then it upgrade from that to robbing, you know, cartels for large sums of weed in shit. And it's the way you do it. I got masking home boys. We buy 10 pounds. We buy 20 pounds. We need 200. We built their report. We're going to take that 200 now. And I was doing that getting big money. But I'm high risk. You know, these are cartels you playing with. And my job 21, 22 years old. You know what I mean? And I did very well. I'm pulling up. I'm still hooping by the way. But I'm still like this year. Can you, you know, like this. Going to the gym playing against Sean Marriens and the money, Stein Myers and Joe Johnson and the sons. They in Mesmerized, we put them up in the same truck. They on 22 is almost 24 because I'm ignorant with it. I'm putting it with the backpack with a drake on that month. You're way back then. You got the spinners? No. I didn't do the spinners. That was a little too rambuscious. You know what I said? Two of them already. You know what I said? I was here when I was that hour ago, my cousin was there. Chicago G. Rest in peace, man. He had, uh, he had the spinners on the shit. He was saying it was like, ah man. You got, you put in the target on your job. Yeah. How you get that if you in get 20s. Come on, man. I know, my full thing thing. He was a doctor pulling up in the ass. Yeah, it was already shaky. You know, I said already shaky. But like I said, all new was get money. And I was willing to do whatever for it. And that was my gift in my curse. Cause I shouldn't partake it. I'm a really blessed noted individual always. At that, you know, rapport with people. I was looking for that energy. And I'd use it in the wrong fast areas. I was chasing a break. So one of my girlfriends told me, oh, I broke. Like, you're going to die or go to jail. You keep doing what you're doing. And I was still. Because I'm so, I was so paranoid, except like every nine I'm waking up. Grab my gun and roll over in the bed. Like, because I'm like, it's coming. I know exactly what you're talking about. I'm saying, uh, like, it feels like, this kids don't do good. No cry. Cause it feels like, you know, when you're going up a roller coaster. It feels like that all the time. All the time. Right. You know what I'm saying? Like, all like, 24 hours a day into you stop. You know what I'm saying? Like, fuck, I was legit scared all the time. All the time. I didn't even realize it. Oh, I was in the sky since they'd appear in the audience. Yeah. See, like, you know, people that street guys always said they're against it. They're really scared of embarrassment. Yeah. Scared of something happened to them. So that's why they react first. Yeah. The biggest and most, you know, for roses, violent gaysers react first. Yeah. So you don't do that to me. I was going to get out of the way. They got nervous. Yeah. That was it. Fuck you. Always on. It's the most stressful shit in the fucking world. Yeah. It wasn't worth it. It taught me a lot. Like I said, I lived the great life. I got set ahead of Piffy from my guy and I thought about it. I let's go. I took my last money and I went out to Minnesota. One of my friends. He was playing for the timbles at the time. Where was you at before you went in at Arizona? Arizona. I was in Arizona. I then you went to Minnesota. Yeah. Okay. So this is Arizona. I'm doing a shit. Yeah. That's a big part of it. You got to leave that. You got to leave the whole city. It's mandatory. And that's why I just did it Chicago. Yeah. It's just the best way to do it. So you don't have those same, you know, friends, the same interactions. And thank God my friends believe in me. So the guys I'm doing streets of wit. They knew I was still the best baller. So they knew I liked the money. But they liked my thing. This is the best thing for you. Yeah. So even like the night before. Went to a strip club. We parted it up. Had a great time. And I left the next day. They ended up doing something. Meals in like somebody in the past in a way in the situation. They ran and two or three of them went to jail. And I was in Minnesota, which was, you know, That's a blessed guy's blessing. Yeah, because it would have been bad. Because I know me. I'm the first one doing them jumping. No bitch. First on bus and the window. I mean, so God saved me. Now I'm in Minnesota. I'm hoping every day with the Timbles. And so I'm Chris Hanford. She's from Minnesota. So we are at the gym. Whooping. I'm going to go on that. And all these guys. It's amazing. Like damn. I'm really in the gym. I'm playing there for the Kevin McKay. And in the academy. I just facility. Because my home played on the tables at the time. I went out once again. My skills, you know, shine. So I got hooked up with the agent. I got some trials with some of them. It was called the D league at the time. Now it's the G league. Now it's the G league. And I end up making the sous-forskeye force. We're still a team with the G league. And I'm making it. You know what I'm saying? Was it a blessing? You know, he was really good. I was really good. Both of his hate on the G league. But like them, if I could. Plus any was there. Not a court. Like on the street. Like a regular. You're both. And at this time, this is when the MBDA, the D league, Just started. So this one there. If you don't get drafted or you were second round, You should come back and forth like immediately. So these are, or even if you like a better and you should come. No, it's killers coming here. You're straight from the ABA. Then mind you. I'm a little older now. So I'm a knees bat. You're my focus. I'm a little me and shit. Am I really, am I this level? Yeah. I don't think I really am. Because my shit was hurting. Because I'm not consistently playing at that level. Yeah. It just all off my instincts. So yeah. And I told my moniscuits in my first grimish. Yeah, man. Yeah. First grimish. I got the own of fast break. You're pulling fell. I'ma damn this. Somebody in my spirit kick my foot. Yeah. Nobody behind me. And the next morning they slid a goddamn sleep underneath my damn door. Yeah, that's out of here. And I didn't know what I was gonna go. Like I said, finish that shit you wasting already as you could go back here. Yeah, you can go back here. I'm not going where my dookset. I ain't no fucking. I'm grown now. Yeah. So only option was Minnesota. And they just gave me a ticket to Minnesota. It just... My name and I ask to be really good in my boom. You go on the Minnesota and my damp. Oh, so you was our get-kiss too. It was already men of soap. Yeah. So mind you. for like a two week span I posted went back to Phoenix if the shit didn't work. But my dude I shit happened so I'm not going back to Phoenix. So the crib got evicted there they picked up my car and all that shit it was over. So now I'm stuck and at the same time another thing on there to the guy I was cool at the time we won cool no more. They played in the league because you know what you got money like that friends and family become burdens. All day little problems become big problems for you and I understand it but that's why I'm a hooper Brian trying to be free alone on you. So we got two because like bro I'm trying to do some I'm not even a book is free alone but I understand so when I go back at the conversation when I bro I'm I shit fucked up bro what can we do I'm here now yeah you know what I'm saying like what's up so he ended up giving me a little apartment which was a blessing or that's what's up yeah yeah but it really was night so it was two guys living in there so you know I'm a street guy so like initially to be real when I came back I came on some you know brown shit I like I'm taking a big room y'all like I am calling on nothing I'm taking this crib a left for a Christmas they never came back and I had that whole apartment for like six months chilling just in there fucking bitches they put by my food yummy and that's why on the street level my degree angle hold you know that's when I knew like damn I'm really a big slinger cuz every bitch I'm fucking ain't make sure I'm good they bring me food hey my phone bill I'm like this made me look for a different in the by time of need so yeah I was good like the the part of my pay for it but I had no breath so I had to you know make bitches you know take care of me yeah and I promise you bro like one day after the six months is up I wake up and it's not gonna do it and they open the door my man what the fuck is going on you know me I'm trying to find a bitch yeah it's the month I'm showing the party cuz at leases up now cuz I ain't talked to him really so like he knew I was in there but he's like fuck yeah leases up there fuck yeah yeah so fuck up so I'm like damn hold on get the fuck out so they left and I had to call him like finally a brother we gotta talk back yeah I'm here I told you yet so I talked to him yeah yeah he gave me another apartment which is a blessing okay but then we go it within two months of being there I don't know what still to this down the way I'm gonna happen I'm gonna be calling me one of my other homies that was cool and I'm calling my bro everything cool with your crib I'm like what's I be like some I shot your door I'm like huh I'm like I ain't at home I'm like I'm like I'm like I'm an a guy of the neighbors they go out with they shoot my shit yeah so I rush over there and I had his truck had the man guy truck so I drive over there my friend or a big old shotgun holding that motherfucker's that right and I'm like what the fuck crazy I don't know so what that happened is they the party people keep this up keep me out the apartment so I couldn't stay there cuz I wanted to release another than it you got people shooting the door and my guy he already been through some before and I saw my head up robbing him before killing one his friends when he played in the league in Orlando so he was paranoid he knew I was a street guy so he's our paranoid of me anyway yeah but this really like my fuck you got to go yeah so uh thank god my brother my younger brother shot them my brother Lawrence black ladies my younger brother he played a more cat in Milwaukee okay and I'm saying D1 he's a bother my brother 69 I want to be there for like two months leave with him yeah sleeping though he had an extra rule why would that be his chivalent gold or kiffin's fucking body ball bitches with all that yeah I'm just marinating the sauces you know it's a living life and yeah then I found a chick came back them in the soda and I found my way got sturdy hooked with his basketball program I really got my balance now I got something going on okay saying I was doing this basketball program training kids going out really finding my way he started rapping started my clothing line one of the ones I really started finding my feet you know I'm saying okay and then my good friend tall guy shot the tall guy car abuse he introduced me to youtube yeah you know this were like this is where the god is born born that a world gets to see me so at this time I'm just a cool nigga manyapolis is going out partying now I got into youtube my home you like man let's do these car abuse we're gonna review them they got no white dudes review them there is no nigga presence yeah you know that's damn me there is no niggery until the motherfucking youtuber the car shit some of my damn you right so he did a couple of me bought him a hillcat we do a couple of views shit booming and I bought me a new car you like man let me review your car and we're gonna start doing reviews so short short and up is boom that shit worked okay so we doing so good with the reviews that we got nothing money to buy the car now I'm like now how long how long did it take I say within like four to five months when I when I got enough to buy me a hillcast 80 thousand on the car so my first two three months in I'm already a street guy yeah I got my clothes online I'm doing live streams and I'm monetized on youtube so three months in you started three months in I'm making at least ten figures I mean ten thousand a month that's not normal I know but that's not normal just as a country and this eight years ago before both of a doing last stream nobody shit I'm doing this eight years ago yeah that's normal yeah I'm a natural born hustler man I got this love the hustle and the money understanding the you're making monetized I need I'm a every dollar count motherfucker I knew if I get on his youtube and I do a last stream I get a extra $100 a day that's three racks that's my cramp in my car I'm gonna do this every night yeah I was on that bitch every night going live so I wake up five in the morning go work out then go to the gym train the kids in live stream then edit the videos up low this is every day for a year straight every day that's like a little jewel yeah you know who want to get into this shit like it's the consistency for sure every day every day yeah and this has been a soda we talk about negative 40 foot snow yeah we go in out the car using drone ship freezing yeah and I'm saying go do the review talk about oh now I saw I got getting the car yeah are you ready let's go out there that's cool this book we knew it was gonna get free so I got to die that was my mom said like I'm gonna have to die and this shit cuz I know it's gonna work okay but it was working so good now I'm saying like rip I couldn't believe this shit and I mean I'm gonna jump 30 seven this time I'm grown man I'm gonna make I this shit got to work you got to sell you got to sell you got to sell you got to sell you back this shoe robin it's still in you know I'm saying I have no problem doing it yeah but this shit worked dog I'm not going lie like I already had a code online I'm doing like five to 3500 a month just and clothing a lot of it you know I'm saying from my merchandise already had to go to my know how to use this the merch on every time I'm wearing this shit and why do I was in the shop myself I was screaming printing but now doing it myself at this time and I want my shit fly so I go to H&M get the good shit and get the jacket and put my shit on it yeah I don't want the weak show of your rule be fly yeah so I was putting money into a book that was coming back yeah I'm saying live stream is popping then I set up a phone line I want playing if I get $300 in donations I y'all call in we could talk shit yeah and this is my ultimate shit because it was on some Howard Stern shit that's who I watch and you can say whatever you want to me call me nigger monkey whatever I say whatever you want to fucking ask it now but it's so funny cuz it was unfiltered so people couldn't wait for me to do this shit and I'm going crazy people still we put them up so I'm not shit and talking about I'm racist hey fuck yeah I was getting money yeah they was racist too then I'm about that we had a great time yeah I'm a black man it's that can't be racist yeah it was it was so money meant to I'm seeing the money coming in at this time when I first started I'm in the basement though bro I'm in the basement of an old lady that's white man six hundred dollars a month so I come in through the garage and that's my injury you know same our refrigerator in the garage too yeah and I and I was making it look good but it was good cuz it was like a big ass pomba honey yeah so I go outside I'm a patio like look at my fucking pomba gas and I'm in a I'm like there but I made it look good so finally I got enough to move it to my own place well once again this is eight years ago I'm 43 now you do the math I'm 30 plus so I finally got my own crib then I got the hillcat now we're going crazy now I was like let me show my lifestyle fuck a car review that's slim shit that's my dog I don't give a fuck about car shit never did all of them cars I had I never gave a damn about it was business yeah now I'm going downtown that's when they call me the king of downtown getting the bitches I had a Corvette throwing two girls in the Corvette but I'm taking them home wake up in the morning both the girls put them back in the Corvette one of the Trump drop them off they say no prank this is real life yeah I'm already his guy you're in the king keto so women's already fucking with me now I got the bread and the clout it was brutal and my Jew at this time there is nobody in Minnesota history ever made it on social media there is no influencers I'm the only one and I got a bag yeah yeah stand me I live downtown Corvette and hellcat who fucking with me yeah I live in the same place as the NBA players yeah off a be a me yeah I'm the move iconic nigga they ever seen you know I'm saying come on guys slim wasn't in the city yeah he's just reviewing the cars he was eating the cool family of cars love it yeah so he moved LA and I'm saying once again I know I'm staying I'm like fuck that I ain't going out down the king here yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah what they say man a hundred thousand a stop you can get a million if you come to board a job and that's how it was making a couple hundred somewhere around there I was comfortable but it was like he wanted to go bigger than the slim car slim tall guy call review the mother fucking man he's still still killing man he's a he's a super iconic individual I want to be here without them that's what's up he created a genre everybody from the streets is eaten right now yeah I just did it a different way but his his genre he created I'm gonna lose him but he did another thing that changed the game his number one money maker was his hellcat he crashed it totally we had to make a decision he'd like him to get a new car so he masked out everything got him a clearing spider and I was like damn bro you sure it's gonna work once again he believed he got it it worked hundred thousand a video right and he said I'm gonna do something I was watching this and you got a hillcat red eye another one bang and you got a truck bang all in one week yeah and this is the game plan we gave to the people to do to this day man if you buy a car you know I'm saying they run your credit one time if you're approved that means you could get proved just about any car in the same range yeah don't go to the same bank you go to different banks and you go get other cars at the same time where you credit for it before he's your credit yeah well yeah like a week or two yeah I'm saying what if you push it but the best thing get him in the same week for make sure you get it from different banks and he told me to come out there I finally came I was out there wouldn't feel like a month I was sleeping on his couch and I turned up I bought me another hillcat I was out there yeah I'm coming down nigga and once again I'm nervous now this is big leap of faith I'm paying like 1800 for the downtime in theapolis you go to LA it's 4,000 for that motherfucker downtown and I didn't want to take it easy I got to put it all in to get down all out you know big risk big reward so not only that buying another car but I went for the big apartment that really changed my life bro tell the story yeah well because it's so vivid because it's a blessing you know that's so like you know you started making even more money off YouTube oh max so now let me keep it one to protect pure hmm I never did the biggest views I still don't never have even in Minneapolis I'm doing a power woman average over 10,000 views yeah but don't matter I get a thousand people in my lottery don't need the money that little 1500 making on YouTube that pay for the crib yeah but I'm making 5,6,000 on lottery yeah 5,6,000 on merch bitch I'm winning I'm making like 20,000 a video on a views of video so now it's 3 times what I was making on YouTube right now I'm making 3 times on the merch and it's all about the lifestyle but lifestyle can you wake up and do me for a living yeah like the guy walk up they love the guard yeah love me they love the the the the motherfucking act yeah so like the guy that comes to you what you do for a living he came up on me one time I said I do me for a living my the times my lifestyle but I knew for one of my views gonna go up and with my Dawson limb against so they gonna let that interact and they got a new car they don't top it out we've down town was downtown fast and district right around the corner you know yeah I'm getting all the great outfits now I got the stitching people damn broader people to back the patch people right there so now my quality of merch is going up yeah so now I'm giving them better shit that shit is selling out I'm selling dog I'm doing like 30 times swear to God like 25 to 30,000 in my partner with the merch that's myself yeah going around coming picking it up yeah I'm going stupid man it I was rich bro that was a I can go live got the big rose recently done man oh yeah my dream was in the race yeah had to go race too go with the motherfucking bad weeks yeah me when I went rave dog because they all know from the beginning all I talk about them give me a rose voice I'm a have me a rave I made a song called rave name's your I'm in a rave with a hunter acre of state it's been made all the snakes got greatness all of my face I was pre-dested myself I made the song and told them within that year within eight months I really got it yeah that's what I knew how powerful manifestation was hmm cuz now I'm looking back everything I talked about in the videos I started doing yeah yeah yeah so I'm like damn if I believe in I talk it and I do the work everything comes yeah