How much money you make last year in y'all? I sold it with this. Grant Soto 470,000 dollars. $470,000 dollars. You already passed that for this year. So you're gonna blow past it this week. We all pace right now where at 430. I got a special guest today. Those young know I teach people how to grow their online fitness. Business. You know, because I was one of the four fathers. Like, on the Mount Rushmore online fitness, like I'm up there. I'm up there. I'm in George Washington spot. I was one of the pioneers when at the first month of his doing it. Back in 2009, we had to invent that shit. You know, went no Instagram, right? So now I made a few million ran up some ends. Now I teach other people how to actually start their online fitness business. And a few years ago, I had a student. I'm almost a sales call to them on Zoom. And he's out in Detroit, Michigan. And I was like, ooh. Well, I guess this is just practice. Because ain't nobody got money in Detroit except for like the Ford family. You see, unless this Johnny Pontiac, I'm just getting reps in, right? But now, now, now he, yeah, he tanked through me. I didn't know the salator. He emptied his bank account to join the program. He put it all on the line. He went all out. Fugious later, fast forward. Last year, he made $400 and $50,000 from online training. He fucked in bought his mama, new fucking car. Get a move that hell out of Detroit. Now he lives in Miami. Let me introduce man, the big homey, Corey Armstrong. What up, homey? Grating. Welcome there, welcome here. Yeah, man. So listen, man, it's exciting. You're the first one on the pot. Do you have first student to come on the pot? Why? Yeah. That's a big deal. Well, it was like, you also built your social media. I didn't understand. How much money you make last year in your arms? I always, it's grand total $470,000. $470,000. You already passed that for this year. So you're going to blow past it this week. We all pace right now. We're at $430. Hmm. I would have been in the October. I mean, there are no catastrophe. You're not going to work. Like, I should pass it to the fire. Good. That's fantastic. Michelle, to you brother. So tell me what things would like before you join. Hey, Steve, too. Because when I'm going to talk about your whole journey, right, you become in, you know, saying, do you got them half a million dollars a year from online training? Yeah. But it didn't start off like that. It was not like this. You was living in Detroit. I didn't tell you this until recently, but before I joined the program, I was actually at three jobs. Three jobs. So I was a full-time personal trainer. I'm working for myself. I did group fitness classes for like a big box of, not a small box of, studio, jam, black owned studio, man. Downtown Detroit is that you was at brother fitness. Basically, brother fitness with bikes and shit. Right? That plus, you know, one of my clients actually owned a, like a car park shipping company and like he'd pay me some cash to like just drive car parts to like a nearby city. Right? So I was hustling doing that and you want those other two things. And at the time, and I was just, I was just struggling to really like make ends meet. Basically, like living check the chip. I mean, yeah, like check the check week to week, we had a day. Like it was like, sometimes I would literally go to a consultation with a client like, all right. So if I close this then I'm gonna be able to like eat some. Eat food, yeah. It's like that. I've been there, man. Also, people used training. I'm assuming there was like drug dealers, girlfriend, and shit's like tattooing. So they make, I'm just like, yeah, you gotta work with it. Yeah, you gotta work with it, man. Detroit, I don't know if I'm sure. You know what I mean? It was like, you had to make the sale, yeah. Eat food, yeah. It was like, I had like, literally like, like, I'm gonna get groceries off this sale. Like, I gotta make it, or, you know, like rents coming up and like a week, I gotta make sure I close some deals this week. Today, yeah. Yeah, because a lot of people don't know if it's difficult to make a lot of money as an in-person training. It is. Even though you charge like a good hourly rate. So to speak, it's a few and far between, unless you really have nailed down your marketing to where you have it in flux of lead. Yeah, I didn't have that yet. You know, I have some prior training in sales because I work, I used to sell gym membership. Sound of it to do that for LA fitness, but I even went on my own. So I knew how to sell. Like, I knew if I got people in front of me, like I could like, you know, say, hey, like, let's take the next step. But it was like how to do that at a master's here. I had to have a business mind that skills exactly. You know, I was, I was hustling, but you know, like, to my credit, like I was, I was making it work, you know, in an email. You was saying, yeah. Yeah. You know, like I had a roof over my head. I had my own vehicle. I had my own everything. Yeah, you know, it's just like, it was a lot of work to make sure that I sustained it. And what made you decide you wanted to join my program? We're eating, to have the interest that and going on a little before I even looked at ACT. I had already bought some other shit from you. Okay, yeah. You know what I mean? Like, it was some other like business marketing stuff. But I never even told you this, what got me initially interested in like, even buying the first like marketing and sort of like business shit that you had was there was my belief was changed about online fitness. Law story short, somebody I knew from the gym who knew that I was like working like full-time doing it, who used to know me when I was like actually selling gym memberships. He's like, bro, how's the business going? I was like, it's going all right, you know what I mean? But I wish I could just like get more clients. And then he was like, bro, you ever thought about taking your business online? I was like, what do you mean? And it turns out, um, this is girl who lives here now in Miami who used to live in Detroit too. Okay. She built the seven figure business doing some other shit. Mm-hmm. But at the time she was doing online fitness. Okay. Got it. I'm saying on name drop. Yeah, like, it's somebody you know. I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna tell you, okay. Basically, he named drop her. I'm like, Kisha. Number five. I was like, no, go ahead. Well, I would've focused that in. Because her name sounded like lotion. And I was like, what was that? Right? And he was like, no, this is her Instagram. And so it was like, he was like, show me the thing, somebody that they go to the same gym as us. And he was like, oh, she make a six figures online. I said, bro, how? And he was like, I don't know, man, but it's like the online fitness thing. Like, you should look into it. And so literally Google must have been listening in or something must have aligned because of the next week. I saw you selling influencer domination. Oh, yeah, that's the deal with the accountants. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So then I started with that. Oh, you started with that program. That was just how to build your following. That was just how to build your following. Because I was like, shit, with online fitness is the thing. I already focused, Brandon. You already focused. Well, because you was already your thing. I was already a feeling, okay, okay, okay, I'm gonna make sense. And then they said, no, like you said, you wanted to, you wanted to the forefathers, you know, you know, you sat out to use, sat out to some of the other homies. I was watching at the time. Thanks, man. You know what I mean? But I was watching. You know, a lot of your content already. And truth be told, I was already a good trainer. Like I had a good reputation in Detroit for getting results. But it was like a lot of what I learned with just some of the principles that you was teach. So I asked what I was giving to the client. So I was like, oh yeah, I know his information is good. This is a layup. Let me put me pot it. So I bought it. And just some simple principles that I was applying from that if started to build my social media presence to where some personal training clients started to work. Okay. So then I started to connect the dots. I bought the next thing. I think the next thing was a bit coachy. Yeah, and we had that. We did that program for it. I called them. I love the focus to tell them, like, open it up for me. Because it was closed that far. We closed it. Yeah. Yeah. Why is our closet? Oh, man. You know what? When I started that, it was some business partners. Oh, you know. And then we just stopped working together with that. And I was like, you know what? I can make it better. And that's why I came to the ACT. I was like, I think I could do it better. Right. Yeah. Because that was just kind of like a course, like guidance. Like using exactly like I didn't want to sell a course around business. Because it's like you can go through a course. But you don't have guidance. So I was like, I want to do something where we actually really helped the movie just talk to the people and see what they're going through. You know what I'm just. And that's what I picked up from ACT. Like what the way it was set up, it was like, all right. So this is, it goes you. And then at the end, it's like, okay. So if you want to take the next up. Yeah. ACT. Yeah. And I was like, what is that? Right. So they're not, I hit up the team. You know, who sold me the last thing I like. I think bro, how do I get into ACT? He's like, oh, you're all good. You want to fall in brandy. Yeah. So I was like, all right. He'll still. Yeah. And ever the call, you can tell me just to like last year. But that was the, you said, you're thinking count. Yeah. So basically at that time, you know, like, you kind of just laid on my situation. Yeah. And I was hustling, you know, day to day. And I only had a few hundred. I think I had like, like 500 bucks or something. And savings. You know, that didn't even cover the program. But it was kind of like a slip of the positive like start. But for me, it was a no brandy because I didn't have a lack of belief in myself. Like I knew I could make it happen. I just needed the role. Yeah. I didn't. It was only I needed the game plan. And so it was like, I think that's one thing I can say to any of the guys. Listen, then they want to make something to themselves. It's like, you really got to fuck with yourself. Like personally, like you're in a belief so much in yourself that you cast out doubt. And that's going to be the thing that leads you to be able to see the opportunities in front of you. Yeah. Because a lot of people will let the fear of spending a last money stop. You have a lot of confidence in yourself. Yeah. Well, I knew like, yo, if I just get the role map, I can make this happen. Yeah. You know, I'm saying, just give me the ball, put me in the game coach. I got it. It's self-belief. You're saying that, but then having like a team behind. We do our best to really coach people and get them guidance. You know, bro, like, so another thing I never told you. So what's I showing? Like, it was crazy. Because the way we said it, I don't even know if you remember what you're telling me. You used like, look, man, the prices this or whatever it was. It's not money, remember. But it's like, I'll let you start with the deposit, whatever you can do. Right. So then I get you my last 500. And then you was like, I'm let you use the system to pay me back. You said that's it on the call. Like, so you're going to pay me back with my system. That's how much you believe in it. You had to have a lot of believing yourself too. Yeah. If you also had like the money back guarantee. Right. So it's like, eight, maybe if you don't make it, you're giving it to you. But you know, we believe in the system. Right. So so initially, I just hustled and paid that back to you within the first like eight weeks or something like that. So I got the money quick. But then after that, I started chilling. Oh, I started chilling. Yeah, I started chilling because you got to mind you. I got three jobs. This is my fourth one. Right. So mentally like there is sort of this block and like all the things that I'm committed to my time to and right now personal training is making more money on my coaching. Right. So initially, I make all the money back quick and then I start chilling. And then I ended up having the conversation with one of the coaches. I think all of he was doing that to do. Yeah, I'll see still work with the system. I'm very shout out to all of you, man. Shout out to the the the the the no man. We were talking. I was telling him I was like, bro, like, I feel like I'm doing everything. But my income is growing. I don't know what's going on. And he looked legit. Helping me accountable. Mm. It's like he's like, I want you to track what you do for the next month. Right. And I want you to basically get like a calendar and on the calendar, you know, every day that you do like all these five things you supposed to do in the system, you get yourself a check mark. Uh, all right. And then every day you don't do what you supposed to do, you get yourself a sad face. And I said that you play just so. Yeah. So what we're going to do is you're on the touch base and another month. And we're going to see if you really doing everything every day or if you're just doing what you feel. Because you can think you doing every day, but you know from coaching people, when they start tracking, it like blows their mind. How's our mind? Must they be fucking upset? You know, it creases their awareness. And that awareness, you know, given the understanding that gives them the power to actually change it. Yeah. That's why I'm so big on like tracking shit. Because it's like otherwise you just kind of guess. Yeah. Trying to keep the information in your head. I start tracking so much like I try everything out. It's crazy. So you got to do it. You want to win? You want to see? All right. So what was the result of that? After so what happened next was, bro, I just really got the data to understand why I was at where I was at and then changed it. So I saw the month. I saw a bunch of staff aces, right? And so I was I was pissed because it was like, OK, it wasn't the worst. Yeah. Right. Like I had 20 maybe 25 days of checks and then maybe like five staff aces. But that book with me because I thought I was maxed out on his own point. Yeah, and it started tracking season. And here's the key thing. Another thing we learned in a system is like you put everything in a calendar. Yeah. Right. I was already on the calendar shit. You taught me the importance of it with the business context to take it to an level. So like what I started to do was look on those days. I had staff aces and see what the fuck was I doing? What was happening today? What type of shit I was on? And it became very clear like every day of the service. I was I was dating this girl at the time. And then was days that we was hanging out. And I was like yo, this bitch is fucking in my life fucking up. You're like, so I got rid of her. It's my dad. Let's go. So then I got rid of her instantly. And then after that the next month it was just all checks. Was it income like it didn't that so the COVID happened that next month too. That's right. Like 2020 everything was close. Yeah. So all my incomes got shut off immediately. And then I got over night except the online coaching. Like I had some other shit with my car parts thing, the license. My license got taken a few months before that. I didn't even tell you this. I had a bunch of tickets that I never paid and they turned into warrants. Oh, and I got pulled over and I went to jail. Oh, for like two minutes. Like I had the cash to build myself out. Where they had to take me in because I had these warrants from tickets I never paid. To get dumb shit. Right? And like man slaughter or no cash to shit. Like we're doing even shooting a brand new issue. I ain't got no cool rap story. Oh, yes. And my shit is like I ran a yellow light and they said it was red and I never paid it. So it turned into warrants. It's a dump shit, right? But it got to that point because I didn't just didn't have my money on point. If I had the money I would have been paid it. But I didn't have it because I was scrounging hustling. Yeah. So that happens. My license gets taken. I got a paidee's court fees. I paid all this stuff in everything is shut down. Okay. So now I got one income online coach. So now I got to make it happen. That the you had online coaching building on the market. So I think at the time like the most I had made in a month was like maybe two to three K. Nothing crazy. That month I made five. And then it was like five, five. Again through this track and system I found out because I had got a new girlfriend had to get rid of her. I was so like that. Yup. And then that month I did 10. And then it's 10 K every single month every month beyond that. It's been higher and higher. It's never been below 10. What's your record month? It's 60, right? 55. 55. Oh, just just just understand. We're going to give saying that because I'm going to make it happen. Yeah. That's a setup. How's your life changed from going from like not having enough money to pay your fucking tickets. One year did you go with you food today? Two years. Now you're making you know anywhere between 40 and 50 K a month now. Yeah, I mean it's drastically different. Like you know, you kind of mentioned it earlier. I don't live there no more. I don't live in Detroit anymore. I moved across the country. So where I wanted to move. Right. Like it wasn't like I was forced here. Right. Where it worked for it. Not. I just said, you know what? I feel like I've grown Detroit. Because you got to a point bro. Like where that first year I made six figures. With first year you made six figures. Six years of all my training. I knew that I made the most money as one guy in fitness in Detroit. Wow. I connected with all the other trainers and coaches and guys doing things. And I was just looking around at my contemporaries and people that I was cool with my associates. I was like man, I'm the big homie. And that's kind of scary right? It's very when you were your richest friend. I remember being there. When did you get there? Like when did that happen? You know it was like in the teens when I said the teen. Not my teens but like I don't know what you call after the 2000s or to the. I don't know what you call that period when you make it. Yeah, if I figure my. Yeah, it's probably like a round. If I had to probably around 2000 or 11, 2012, yeah, I felt like that. Yeah, and but then I met some friends who humble. But oh, I'm not the richest. I know the original in the world, which is good though, because you can learn from them people. Exactly. So I had mentors. I had me Ellie Holes. Okay, he became like a mentor and then I met other people and other stuff. Yeah. So that's what you decided to move. That was bigger. I remember that post where you bought your money at car. That was crazy because literally like wow, all this was going on. Like my mom was kind of going through like her own thing with her past relationship. It just didn't work out. We're hurting the other dude. She was with it. And he kind of left her with nothing because she was living with them. And then she moved out and she kind of didn't have much right with nothing. And it got so bad. Like her old car broke down. He bought her car and it took it. It took her car back. She had no wheels. It had nothing. And so then like you know because I was grinding through that time period when that was going on working through my online coaching business building it up, building past six figures. You know, I get myself completely out of debt and I pay off all that stuff and I'm in a good place. So I bought my own car and then I see my mom. She's like man, like I just I really need some of my like yeah. Don't worry about it. I got you. That's a little talk of a thing. No worry about it. I got you. And I bought a cash. Like a thing. So she just wouldn't have to worry about it. Yeah. I'm sure that that meant a lot to hurt. It was kind of like the past some of the torch. So to speak, man, because in a dynamic of my family, I never remember my father before. So it's kind of like my mom was both of those roles initially and then like you know, at some point you know, I sort of coming to my own, I start my own path. I'm like the man of the house, but like not quite until I prove it. But yeah. And that happened. I could see she started to just respond differently because she started to look up to me and start asking me for advice and whenever she's in trouble, she comes to me and I can handle that. That's a beautiful thing. It is. You know, because it's like everybody, you know, it's cool to make money. It's dope, right? But what you can do for your family. My family is like, it's been nothing but like just tragedy. Really. Before her, my grandmother was, she was a drug addict and she passed away like when I was 17, she was like, baby, something. And so like my mom never knew like her parents because she was adopted. So it's like all of these generational courses. So they speak, you know, sort of like that have led up to me. I now have the opportunity to change the dynamic of the family. You know, so my whole mission in purpose is to create sort of a future, you know, in a foundation for this family going forward to be able to like flourish and have abundance and have all these things. And this is kind of the gateway. It's been the vehicle for you to do that with a dude. That's a beautiful thing, man. But also, it's like all the people you've helped. Yeah. So some people think, especially when they are strangers, they think man, how can you get people results online? Better results. Better results. I was just telling somebody the other day, you know, I get on these consultation calls. Right. I don't work with everybody that I talk to. There was a shorty from the Bronx who wanted to work with me and we were talking. And she was like, yeah, I think I might need it, you know, and person trainer. And I was selling it. That's cool, you know, but I was like, I would never do that. Like I quit that. And she's like, why did you quit it? I was like, because a person trainer really only teet tells you what to do. But online coach teach you why you're doing and go deeper on the, you know, ends in outside of nutrition and really just hold you accountable at a whole other level that a person trainer just can't. Yeah. And so because of that, like I've been able to get people better results because I'm focused on the diet, I'm focused on nutrition. We have my set calls, you know, what we're talking one on one eight. You know, where's your head at? What's your intense for the day? You know, what has been holding you back? And we actually gained plan around how to make their life better. Yeah. Nobody won't fucking diet in an exercise man. They want their life back. They want what they would do for it. Exactly. Yeah. When you said the diet, because that's the main thing, you know, I remember when I was training people in the gym. And I was like, I was only looking for our day. That's all you got. They got 23 other hours. Who's that really fuck up every day? Very right. So I'm supposed to fix them for an hour a day three times a week. Right. You know, I've said it. The 160-eight hours in a week. So the ring on the take three of them and fix this motherfuckers life is bullshit. Yeah. So that's like man, if I can just figure out a way to track the diet and keep them accountable. Yeah. Out of win, because you can't out train a bad diet. You can out diet bad training. That's right. So people's up, oh man, what about the form? You can't correct your form. Like, oh man, these motherfuckers ain't trying to be running. Oh man. You just guys want to get a shape. Guys and girls want to get a shape. And to be honest, like, if you was right there, what on what else would you tell them? You just say, oh, adjust your body like this. Do this. You can do that in the video. Yeah. You won't say the same shit and we say the same shit. You know, but once once we're figuring out how to track the diet and that's what you do, right? Yeah. Basically, we see our clients. Yeah. Every day, every day, every day, we have them tracking it with the app that's up. That's where they're fucking real progress comes because they never had nobody accountable, keeping them accountable for their diet. But they ain't gonna answer to you every day. And they can't lie to us. They can only lie for a week until they have to post their fucking, and the next check in, you know, when we have to see how much they weigh, then you know if they're lying in that. What I've learned is they appreciate that more than just, you know, our sweat and our weight, you know, we're never because it's like, you know, nobody else is checking on that side of your life. Nobody in their lives. And especially if you working with like, because the thing is with online coaching, it's like, you get to pick who you work with. So I work with specifically like, you know, men, like guys who are like leaders in different aspects of their life. And so for these guys, specifically, like, they need somebody to come in. Because everyone's scared to talk. Because everybody's scared to talk. Because everybody's scared to talk. So it's kind of like, you sort of carve out this place in their lives where you give them something no one else can. Yeah, now they can't commoditize you. Yeah. You know what I mean? That's why trainers fucking get put in this box where they're disposable because anybody can anybody can work you out for an hour and everything works. Every day I plan every work I've been working is as much as you follow it. Right. But we make sure they follow it every day when I was in person trainer, I wasn't hitting my clients up every day because you're not having a time. And what did fuck them say? Right. We treat what you die to. But all of that training, we just see where they, where's your food? You can see that die. We can see that they log their dietness, their workouts. We can see what they did. So I hit my clients up every day and I'm like, yo man, good job man. If you're a like with your day, you hit just maybe try to get less of this or harder to respond. Yeah. Yeah, I'm a thank you man. That was up man. You know, especially you as courage. Yeah, they start the day off with that positivity. Yeah. That's attached to you, right? And they say retain them. Or if they fucking up like yo man, probably happy. Yes, they're saying like, how do we get back on track? You know what we're going to do? We asked them to make sure they have a hack and I help you. How can I just do? They ain't got nobody doing that for him. No, but and even those leaders, they're afraid they're employees and some of our, they're the man, they're the big home. Yeah, nobody's going to tell them. But even if you not that kind of person, yeah, nobody's going to tell their friends or their family members how you didn't kind of fat you need to watch the tweet. If anything, then what focus would be like, oh, you can do it like that the way you know. You're good man. You know, everything in moderation eats somebody this. Yeah, but you have just one. You don't think? Oh, there we go. It's a spy. That's okay. Yeah, why call my ass. You have a little bit. My focus is be biggest hit. Yeah, you know what I mean? Listening to your friends and family keeping you big as hell. That was, that makes you got follow Cory online. Yo, you're going to learn more about online training and the description is a free guy called the, it's called the Take a Man of the Online Training. It's not a percentage free and it's going to give you the breakdown. But what's cool about this, ebook is interactive, right? So in each like, command me, which is like a lesson on online training, something you need to know is, but once you read the command me, then I tell the story of one of my students, Cory, Cory's in there too. About how they, how they, about how they implemented the, this particular strategy, right, and how they, they were able to build a successful online fitness business because of it. It's going to give you that game, the link is in the description. Make sure you check that out.