In this video, I will show you how to burn fat and build muscle at the same time. We're going to talk about how you can do it, who should do it, who cannot do it, and I'm going to give you a specific game plan to help you accomplish that goal. The game plan is going to be a little different than what you think. The old and muscle and burn fat simultaneously is possible, but it's not optimal. You can do it, but that doesn't mean you should do it for a few reasons. For one, let's look at crow body builders. These guys are on all types of deer and PDs. They have the best coaches for their training. They have the best coaches for their diet. These motherfuckers will weigh the sauce that they put on their food, right? They're meticulous about every macro. They're doing everything to the highest possibility. They're exhausting all resources. And they have a lead genetics. To be a pro bodybuilder, you gotta have a lead genetics as well as gear, right? Because gear and magic, I know people won't gear who do it like trash. You got to work super hard. Now, the hard, you got to work smart. Those people still don't try to build muscle and burn fat simultaneously. It's possible, but it's not optimal. Unless you fall into a few distinct categories. The people who can't build muscle and burn fat simultaneously, people who just started working out. It is your first year working out. You can, for sure, burn fat and build muscle simultaneously. Because you're so new to the stimulus of resistance training that your body is going to react. It's going to be in shock. So, you're very first year training. It's relatively easy to burn fat and build muscle at the same time. I've been a personal trainer for over 25 years. While most of you guys are shit in yourself, jerking off the teletubbies. I was training 10 people a day on the gym floor. And I just online trained. I mean, in person before online training was a thing. But before online was a thing. Well, because I had dial up, I was trained to be a day. I'm a lot older than I look. I know I look better than you. I'm probably twice the age. Yeah, I just turned 42 recently. The second class of people who can burn fat and build muscle simultaneously are people who just started steroids. When you first get into the warlates, you can definitely build muscle and burn fat at the same time. Again, it's a shock. It's a new stimulus. And your body's going to react to that. But even that will go away. This is why the pro body builders do not try to burn fat and build muscle at the same time. They do big bulk in cuts. Because it works significantly better. I want you to think about it. To burn fat, you have to be, it was called a chlorate deficit. Meaning you are burning more calories than you can so. A chlorate deficit is intrinsically catabolic. Meaning is counterproductive to build a muscle. In fact, it has a negative impact. It's only the gain of muscle, but the retention of muscle. So you're more likely to lose some muscle when you're cut. That is, things you can do to mitigate that. And we'll talk about that later in the video. To burn fat, you have to be in a chlorate deficit, which is intrinsically catabolic. To build muscle. Of course, you've got to give the muscle stimulus from resistance training, progressive overload. You have to make sure you're getting adequate amount of protein. But one of the best things you can do to build muscle is be in a chlorate surplus. Meaning you are consuming more calories than you burn. A chlorate surplus is intrinsically anabolic. It's very productive to muscle growth. The problem is, it's anabolic for your fat cells as well. However, it's one of the best things you can do if you want to build as much muscle as possible. You would need to be in a chlorate surplus. And the only thing that works for fat loss is to be in a chlorate deficit. This is why probiotic builders would do something like, this is where you look, red, looking good. Here is where you are fat and gross. Those words are sending them. All right, so probiotic builder will bulk. They're trying to build as much muscle as possible so they'll bulk. And they'll get to the fucking gross. They'll probably go past gross. You have to see these probiotic builders in all season. They look fucking crazy. And they stay here for like six months, maybe. Right. Then they start to cut, boom. And they peek for a show. Then they do this charade over and over again. Right. They'll do this for like six months, which means they look like fucking shit for a good half of the year. Just to peek for a short period of time. This is what they look good. And then, you know, for some part of this day, they don't look good, but it's as far. Right. It's easier for a probiotic builder. Because remember, you're all in all types of P.E.D's and they have the legionetics. Therefore, they'll put on more muscle during this phase than you and I will. And less fat than you and I will because they're on the P.E.D's. Full disclosure, I am on testosterone replacement therapy right now. You know, I'm 42. I won't look as shitty as you. I'll put on less fat in a boat. I'll retain more muscle in a cut. I'm assuming you're natural watching this. But it's still not the same as the probiotic builder. Because they're taking way more testosterone. My testosterone levels are still actually in the normal range where they're taking it way past in the normal range. And when they go on the cut, they will retain more muscle than you and I will. You're like, even me on TRT because, you know, it's low-ghosts as testosterone. Right. Now, there's a problem with this strategy, especially for naturals. When you're doing a traditional boat and cut, you look like shit half a year or longer. So, fuck that. When you do this, you're going to put on a lot of fat with a traditional boat. You're going to put on a lot of fat. And the problem with putting on a lot of fat is the way fat sales work is, let's say this is a fat sale. What happens is, as you start getting fat, the fat sales gets bigger and bigger and bigger. And then, what does this do? What do fat sales do? They multiply. Problem with your fat sales split is, once you create new fat sales, the fat sales don't go away, even when you lose fat. So you'll always have more fat sales. And it'll be easier for you to get fat after that. A lot of people will find that difficult to believe when I say it. And that's because then that as well, research this is not your fault. You're not stupid. You're just ignorant. You don't know. They want my fixed day. Right now, here's the article. Your fat sales can never disappear, making future weight gain more likely. Right. And they go into great detail about it. You might be thinking, you'll be granted credit. That's not a fucking study or a reference study in this. Right. Let me pull up the study. So here's the study where the winners of the dynamics of fat sales turn over and you can go read this shit on your own. There, right, or you can just trust me. I'm an expert. Here's another study. This one, it focused on teens, but it went into more detail. The number of fat sales you have a team linger for at lifetime, that's because fat is another one. Let's go back here. If you are overweight and you lose weight, you still have the capacity to store lipids because you still have the same number of fat sales. So when your fat sales multiply and you grow more, because that's what sales do, right? Sales multiply. It'll be easier for you to gain fat in the future. Right. This is why it is so hard to keep weight off. That being said, because we know fat sales never go away unless you get liposuction. You suck the fat out of your body. You're going to have the same number of fat sales. Here's what I do instead. Right. This is what I've been doing for decades. And this is what I have my clients do. It's a way where you can burn fat and build muscle. Not simultaneously. Over this, let's say this is a year period when we talk about the pro bodybuilders because they're peaking for like their show. Over this same period, you can build muscle and burn fat while not looking like shit half year. I learned this from somebody who I used to look up to a lot. When I was 16, it was his guy named Bill Phillips. He founded a supplement company called Yes. He later sold it to Abdelabertor's 400 million dollars. And he had a magazine called Muscle Media. And then his magazine, he broke down a process that's similar to what I'm going to say. I've modified it a little bit, but he called it anabolic burst cycling. Where Bill Phillips said, bolt for two weeks, then cut for two weeks and just go back and forth doing that indefinitely. That's fine. I think I found a better way. Over years of trial and error. We'll do the same graph. We're going to do a my way. Here is the fat and gross line. Here is the ripped line. So what you do is I call this micro cutting and bulky. Very first thing you need to do is get as lean as you want to be. So go on a cut. Whatever we're going to start with a cut. I'm assuming you fat and gross, that's why you want to burn fat and build muscle at the same time. Or you skinny fat. First we're going to do what we're going to get ripped. Now, get as lean as you need to be. I don't care how long it takes. If you are fat, we need to cut. And there's a few reasons why I believe you should start with a cut. It's way easier to lose fat than it is to build muscle on a biological level. That's how it's only have to shrink. And they can shrink rapidly. I want to help a guy who's 75 pounds in 70 days. We need to get into a video about it. He was obviously obese. You can actually lose fat fast. Can you build muscle fast? Build a muscle is a way harder process on a biological level. You have to have enough stimulus for the muscle to actually break down and tear. Tear the muscle fibers. And then they have to go back stronger. The cells have to have the muscle cells have to multiply and expand and split. It takes it to be a million longer. So what it raises is we want to cut first is because you can immediately get a reward. You can get a quick win by cutting as much as possible. The second reason why you should cut first, you will immediately just look better. Let's say you bolt first, but you already kind of fat. If you are already kind of fat and you put on five pounds of muscle, it won't be as impressive as if you are lean and you put on five pounds of muscle. In fact, when I go on a cut all the time, people are saying, yo, do you get bigger than you like you got bigger? No, is this you can see the proportions better. My waist is smaller so it makes my shoulders look bigger. You can see the cut to my arms better, right? Even though I have lost weight, I am more defined. The muscle insertions are more visible. So it gives you illusion you are looking bigger. It's kind of like some of the women I have trained. First thing they want to get a bigger butt and I am like, mmm, bit you fat. So we put them on a cut. Their waist gets smaller and now they got more of an hourglass shape. It looks like that ass is better. But it is really just a proportions. Now she looks more like an hourglass. She looks like a coat bottle instead of a two liter. You have the same effect to you. Your waist would be smaller, which would make your shoulders look broader and you have the muscle in your shoulders and you just look way better and you'll look more muscular. Then when you go on a bulk and you put on some muscle, it's going to look more impressive. The next reason why you should cut first, when you do go on a bulk, the fat cells won't multiply. Red is going to be the cut. Then you're going to go on a bulk, right? And you're going to bulk until kind of don't see your abs as well. They're less defined. We're not going to go to the gross level. We're going to go to we can't see our abs as well. Then what are we going to do? We're going to straighten to a cut again. Boom. And then we keep repeating that. Then you cut until you are as gripped as you want to be. Then you bulk until my abs are starting to not be as visible. That's for most of you. You can use your abs just like the canary in the coal mine. I know you're about to get fat. When you were your abs are less defined. Me, I use my face. When I start getting fat, my face gets fat first. So I started looking like an emoji or a mini. Because you can still see my abs. And I cut until my face looks like skeletal. And then I just stay here. And then you just keep doing this over and over again. And within the same amount of time, you're surplus. Then you're in a deficit. You're in a surplus. Then you're in a deficit. Then you're surplus. Then you're in a deficit. And the beauty of this is you never get fat and gross. Instead of the body bit or only looking good for half the year. If that you are looking good year round. This is one of the reasons why people thought that I was on steroids before I even went on to RT. They thought I was on PDs. And I wasn't. They was like man, you can't stay with you. You're round, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. No, no, no, I do it like this. So yeah, do stay with you around. I look good, you're around. Because I never allowed myself to get fat. Another reason why is I only took fucking pictures and videos on myself when I'm in these areas. This is when I do all the videos and pictures and posts. I don't know why my fuckers would take videos and pictures themselves here. Fuck that. I just fucking broke, made my contact when I looked the best and I posted that year round. I think this is the better strategy because you never look like shit and it gives the impression that your build and muscle and burn fat the same time. You're not doing it simultaneously, but if we space it out, let's say a year. This is fat loss. This is muscle gain. When you do the mini-bolks and cuts over this amount of time, by the end of the year, you should have burn fat and build muscle. Well, really you did most of your burn and fat initially. You got as lean as you wanted to get. Boom. But then you never, you never let your shit get out of hand. So when the fat loss, you always stayed in a range with the fat loss. You never got as a certain threshold of fatness. But you kept gain and muscle throughout the whole time. I think you should go on an aggressive cut initially. It is lean as you want to be and then just bulk and cut indefinitely. And I've been doing this indefinitely. Like I've been doing this for 20 plus years. Like I never went on a fucking six month bulk. Never got fat bulk. It fucked that shit. Get as lean as you want to get and then micro cuts and bulk. How long should these micro cuts and bulk be? As long as it takes you to get as lean as possible, that's how long your cut is. The first one is won't be the longest. And then how long should the bulk be? As long as you can do it without getting fat. Here's what the cut looks like. The micro cut, I'm going to give you a prescription. And again, these are aggressive. You're going to take your body weight in pounds times 10. That equals how many calories are going to get. You've got to track your calories for this work. That's how many calories are going to get. So if you weigh 200 pounds, 200 pounds of fat, 2000 calories, you may be thinking that's too little. Shut the fuck up. I fucking hate you. How many people you train? More than me? You've got to be talking in the thousands. Fuck in bitch. I'm sorry. I mean, it turned up one thing like that. Hey, let's keep it copesthetic. Body weight and pounds. Time to 10. That's aggressive. That's aggressive. All right. Unless you're super fat. Now if you're all beast, then you want to take it down a little bit, even more than that. But this is this should work for most people. If you're super fat, you should even watch this video. You just need to go and cut that boy. Knock it off. One gram of protein per pound of body weight. I know some of you guys are going to say, I watched the YouTube video to say, you only need 0.7. Just shut the fuck up. You don't know more than me. There are studies that say you're in the 0.7.8, but you gotta remember that these studies were done in perfect conditions. They knew exactly how much these people were eating. They were done in lab resources. Teams of nerds. It's correct. We don't live in under those perfect conditions that FDA allows food labels to be off by 20%. In any direction, right? So if you get something that says, hey, man, this is fucking 10 grams of protein. Because the FDA allows it to be off by 20%. That means it could be 8. It could be 12. You don't know. This protein will help mitigate muscle loss. Therefore, we want to overshoot this. I'd rather have too much protein than that enough. We want to overshoot it to make up for the 20%. That the FDA allows food labels to be off. That makes sense. So we're going to one gram of protein per pound of body weight. Unless, of course, you are super fat. You are a big whale motherfucker. Where are you? Oh, I guess I need 400 grams of protein. No, this video is not for you. You need to watch a different video. This is for a motherfucker who ain't so goddamn fat that I got to change the rules for. Cut until you are as ripped as you want to be. That's the micro cut. Micro bolt independent of how fat you are. And how diligent you are when you're tracking. It can take longer. Right? This could be two weeks for some of y'all. This could be fucking too much for some of y'all. First, when it leaves, right? It depends. The micro bolt. Take your body weight in pounds times 20. And that's how many calories. Again, that's aggressive too. Same. One gram of protein per pound of body weight. For the same reason as I said before, you will bulk until your abs start to smooth out. Don't wait till you don't have abs. Right? Soon as this is getting out of hand, oh, time to go on the cut. There's a reason for this, right? Because almost everybody has a six pack. They have abdominal muscles. They exist. You just got too much fat on them. But once you get lean enough, you'll see them. That's almost everyone. Even if you're like a skinny fucking kid, you'll see something. And also, men have more fat cells in our stomach. We carry more fat cells in our stomach than women on average. And women carry more fat cells in their thighs, that ass and their fat. So for men, right? The abs is the canary in the coma. Because we have more fat cells there. It's a good judge of when things are getting out of hand. They're going to be the last ones to come in. And it's going to be the first thing to go away. And then you just do this indefinitely. Now there's something special to have this too. There's another reason why this works well. Anybody who's done a bodybuilding competition or had the cut for event, we all noticed that you've seen the gain weight faster after it. There's an anabolic response that happens when you go straight from a deficit to a bulk. The get body has almost like it sucks up the nutrients, right? You are way more insulin sensitive, which means your body can utilize nutrients more effectively. Once you get lean and you've been on the cut, you're way more insulin-assensitive. When you fat insulin-assessivity goes down, meaning your body does not utilize nutrients as effectively, which is why I'm a physical effect. There's something about this, man. When you come off a cut, you can bulk more effectively. I know that people like to do reverse diet in all this. There's an unbeat about that, right? But I never did that shit. I just fucking bulk in cut. I'm never doing maintenance. I'm never maintaining it. I'm always bulking or cutting. 100% at a time. And the beauty of this is you'll probably be bulking and cutting for the same amount of time as the guys who do those big, bulking cuts is just spaced out and you never get fat. They're just shorter ones. And you can do this independently. I'm telling you, I've been doing this for over 20 years. Give it a shot. Try it. I promise you, you'll thank me later, right? Even though again, not build a muscle and burn it fat simultaneously over the course of a year, it will be as if you did build burn fat and build muscle. Not only has this work for me, but it's worked for tons of people I've trained. I also trained trainers, right? If you are trying to learn how to grow your own life in this business, I have a free ebook called the Tank Commandments of online training. It'll show you exactly how to do it. I'd build your own life in this business. Even if you don't have a big following, even if you're not certified, even if you don't have a lot of experience, it's free the link in the description. I've helped over 15,000 people. Girl's successful online fitness businesses. And this ebook will help you do the same. Click the link in the description.