If I wanted to be a millionaire this year, this is exactly what I would do. If you are smart enough to follow it, I feel confident that you're gonna get streamed to get results outstanding results. And I'm about to break down the nine steps to accomplish just that. Get your no pads out. If you can't pay attention to a video, take notes. Then there's a reason why you clicking on videos how to get rich, right? Because you probably can't do it. I'm well suited to show you how to do it because over the last few years I built several multi-eight figure businesses. You guys have watched my rise here on YouTube. I used to post videos of me in a small apartment in Queens, New York. Now I'm living in Pinn House. Luxury apartment Miami right on the ocean. Ballet shot call in. Living in life in my dreams. I'm sure you had it as well. First of all, what exactly is a millionaire? Well, a millionaire according to Google is a person who's net worth is over one million dollars. Right? So it's not necessarily a million dollars in cash. There's a lot of people who don't keep a lot of cash on because cash. Cash loses value due to inflation. So those resources will keep the majority of the network in different assets so they can sell for cash if need to be. There's only 6% of Americans are millionaires. That means that 94% of Americans have not been able to figure out how to accomplish it. In this video, I'm going to show you how you can join us in the 6% It's way better over here, bro. Everything's better. Foods better. The living arrangements are better. Teddy's a bigger than asses of fatter. I don't get sick, but when my girlfriend gets sick, we have the nearest come here. You muffugs be at the urgent care. When muffugs with STD's issue is way better. My son is in one of the best schools in his state. He's fucking killing this shit. This is my fucking 70 years old. He could tell you the capital, every state in American, in the capital of most countries. Right? That's seven. You okay, do it, right? That's what happens when you send your kids to a linked school, but that's just cause money. Come over here, it's better. I'm sure you guys can get over here. Join us. So here's what you're gonna learn today. I mean, if you're exactly formula, I have to make keep and grow your money. I'm gonna tell you the reason why passive income is kind of a lie. I'm gonna give you the key financial business strategies that millenayers use and how you can use a secret weapon onto your wealth accumulation. Start number one. Get in rich boils down to one simple. You have to make more money than you spend and then invest the difference. That's the key to get in rich. Do that over long enough time. You will significantly increase your network. You didn't click on this video because you went at the weight 20 years. Invest in it and a fucking index line hoping you get rich. We're gonna do it one year. The principle still remains. They make more money you spend and invest the difference, but you're gonna have to get way more aggressive. That's the thesis statement. Where do you invest it? Where does three main areas where people invest their money? Stock market? All throw crypto when they're as well, whatever. But stock market, real estate and business. Now, first you gotta make money to invest in these things. And it's gonna be a real to stop number two. Passive income is kind of a lie. Because if you own an unrealistic, I have to do something to get the money every month. However, the property management, everyone saw I got a sign, some shit, you know, turn a fucking, be sure to light this turn on. She's like that. Then crazy, but I gotta do something. It's not past. Only real passive income where you do nothing that I've ever found is buying a dividend stock, the pays you dividends out. You really do nothing in your money. You have that so much money to make anything significant that it's not a big deal. We don't want to think about getting passive income, but what you want to think about is getting leverage. Leverage allows you to make more money with less work. It's not in the work, but with less work. So I want you to think about just three forms of leverage. Money, obviously if you have some money, you can use that money to make more money. You could buy a bunch of real estate, you buy some stocks that maybe pay dividends, you could invest in a business. Money gets more money if you put it to work. So for example, someone like Warren Buffett, he does nothing. It makes millions and millions of dollars from the dividends from some of his stocks. But he has to throw building his in there. But it's leverage. It's not nothing, right? Because he still had to do his due diligence on the stocks. He still had to analyze a financial report. He still had to make sure that it was a good investment. But he did to work up front and he got paid forever. But it wasn't nothing. I got a friend made a million dollars in one month. What he did was he bought a business for $10 million. And immediately flipped it for 11. But you can't do that, right? But it's leverage. Money is leverage. There's a form of leverage. Another form of leverage is media. This is the reason why Kylie Jenner is a goddamn billionish. He has such a huge social media following. She was able to put out her makeup plan online or assumption. And it did really well. They didn't have to spend a lot of money on advertising because they had wet leverage. Media is leverage. This is why you know, fucking Kim Kardashian. She can make her, she makes over $1 million for a shoutout. I have a million followers. And this people hit me up every day. When the pay me to shout out their brand or do a collab with them because media is leverage. Still I do some work. But it's way easier than like, you know, clocking in to a 95% membership. It's easier money. Leverage makes making money easier. This is why you see billionaires like Elon Musk will buy media. Come be social media companies like Twitter. All right. This is why people are trying to buy TikTok. They can control the media. This is why Jeff Bezos. He went and bought the Washington Post. Right? So he can control the media. Third form. The leverage is skills. But the better you are something the more you can get paid for it. For the same amount of work. For example, I remember once I paid my best member myself, saying, when I went with the highest closing percentage, I don't say best. I have to highest close percentage. He got paid $4,000 a year. Another sales person worked the same amount of time as him. May $100,000. They worked the exact same amount. But one had a higher level of skills so he made more money. I played basketball. But LeBron James is better at it so he makes more money playing basketball. You jerk off. But you don't make no money because you don't have no big titties. So these are the three levers. We want to focus on increasing our leverage to get this with a million in 12 months. Which leads this part three. Got to stop bullshitting. And you got to work more. Because remember, these are three forms of leverage. You probably got none of them. Or at least not a substantial amount of them. If you got them then cool, maybe you're headed to the game. But most of y'all don't have leverage. So what we want to do is we want to do two steps. One where you are going to work more. How much more? I think you should be working 80 hours a week. Now a lot of you guys are going to start crying. You mean what a fell. You join life. Planned quack. It's on the bitch. Fucking goofy. Yes. Click on a video. Or how to make a million dollars in a year. But you don't want to work hard. Fuck you. You don't worst type of a fucking. This video wasn't for you. Wanted to be easy. Is that what your daughter's going to be? How to make a million dollars easy in a year? Motherfucker. Only 6% of Americans have a net worth of a million dollars. You want to do it in a year. But you're not willing to work 80 hours a week. Fuck it. You're a good. This is not for you. Make peace with that. Stop looking at videos on how to get rich in a year. Extreme results. Require extreme actions. Those of you are willing. Do that. You want to work 80 hours a week. Now, you may be thinking, hey, what? I got fucking 37 kids. I told you not to head them any kid. I told you to come. But you are where you are. It's going to take longer for you. Doing it in a year is probably out the question for you. Hold me. Because I don't want you to neglect your family. I don't want you to neglect your health. I don't want you to neglect them either. I want you to work 80 hours a week. While I still get in enough sleep. Spinning time with your family. Working out. Not neglecting your health. I know. Because I do it. I mean, we're going to 80 hours a week for like 20 years straight. This is all that you just got to manage it time. In order to do this, you're going to have to plan out every hour of every day. Right? You see how I get down? I got every hour of every day planned out. Korea, grant. Each day. What you do that, you don't waste time. I'm not telling you to sacrifice your family. I'm not telling you to sacrifice your health. I'm not telling you to sacrifice. Anything you think is important to you. I am telling you you're going to have to sacrifice the bullshit. You want to sacrifice party and going out. Maybe you don't watch as much sports. Maybe you don't see every fucking marvel move you to come out. Maybe you don't get to see every show on Netflix. You want to sacrifice the bullshit. I just 168 hours in every week. You sleep eight hours in the night. That's 56 hours, which is going to leave you with about 112. Right. Work 80 at all hours. You still got the fucking 32 hours to do whatever the fuck you want. What about cooking clean and food? Yeah, you got 32 hours a week to do auditions. 80 hours a week. Why are we doing this? Right, man, because we need we're going to build up the first pillar of leverage money. Right. So that's step one. Work more 80 hours a week. Get a second job. Drive Uber. Whatever you need to do. Work after work. You're also going to cut unnecessary expenses. You're going to cut unnecessary expenses. Right. Boom. So any bullshit you don't need, cut that shit. All right. Maybe you don't you don't get the new George is to come out. You ain't going to get the new Jay's. Sorry bro. You want to get rich, man. Maybe you don't need that Netflix subscription. Maybe you don't need the end up saying all the only fan subscription. I don't know what you got going on. But cut out all the unnecessary expenses. Video cut expenses and you're going to increase your workload. Your goal is to make twice as much as you live in expenses. To get rich, you have to make more money than you spend in a best of different. You're going to get rich. You probably working 40 hours a week right now. You're going to double that. You should be able to double income. Plus we cut the expenses. Right. You should be able to make twice. You live in expenses. That's the goal. Now, what are we going to start investing in? It's going to be a few things. Or are you going to pay the bill in the first form of leverage money? The second form of leverage. We're going to work on his skills. Because I don't know if you could anything. You got to be good as a. We're going to start studying. That's kind of how you're going to have to spend a lot of that 32 hours. That was left. I actually read like way more books than this. This is not decoration. Because I was studying. Fucking A.I. wasn't out when I was in your shoes. I had to read study. Five courses. Join Masterminds. Once you figure out what direction you want to move in, you need to start building. High income skills in order to start making some real money. When you're working these 80 hours a week, you can start getting more money per hour. But you need skills for that. Because there's two ways to make money. You can make money with your muscle. Like doing labor and shit. We're even like a bus driver. Like moving the fucking bus. Everyone's like, wow, yeah, I see people. My amy. I'm going to hang in from the fucking buildings. Clean in it. Like a latino spider man. Right. He's making money with his muscle. Or you make money with your mind. These are salespeople, programmers. People work in hedge funds. They make money with their mind. You make way more money with your mind. But you need skills for that. To do the job of bus. You don't need a whole bunch of skills. So we got to start building up our skillset. Right. So you're going to have to study more. And you can start reading, reading books, man. I have post books, and I have read all the time. If you're watching this, you're doing it now. You can zoom in good content like this. Join mentorships. I spend over a hundred thousand dollars a year on education for me. First thing we're going to invest in is study here. Now you clicked on this video because you want to make it for me. And I was in here. All right. Cool. Unless you have a whole lot of leverage. Unless you have like a whole lot of money. Then you can throw us in real estate or stocks. Right. So you need business. Business is a fastest way to make money out of the three investment vehicles. But it's also the riskiest. So you can't be scared to take the risk. That's section five. Take the risk. Business businesses is shockingly simple. All you have to do to have a successful business is sell something. For more than it costs you delivered. A product or service. That's it. And it's simplest terms. But you also got to think, what kind of business you want to start? You want to make you don't want to fuck this up. Anything people buy can be put into four different categories. So at the top of this axis, we have expenses. And we have inexpensive stuff. Then we have things that people actually need. Like they can't survive without them. Then we have stuff that people don't need. I want you to think about this. When you think about something that's inexpensive, but people don't need it, I will classify that as a motherfucking trinket. These are your fidget spinners, hoverboards, you know bullshit. Then we have things that people need, but are also inexpensive. These are commodities. Here's your toothpaste. Then these stuff people need. That's expensive. These are called necessities. You've got to have it. This is like a house. It's dependent on where you live. It could be a car. Some places you can't really survive without a car. Here's where you're interested. When you have expensive stuff that people don't need, this is what we call a luxury luxury. Now this is very important. Everything can be classified in these three things. Now we need to think why do people buy each one of this? Somebody buys a trinket. It's usually just impulse. They're basing their their purchase. Really do the basing it off of dopamine. They see oh man. This is a fucking pin. This is what I wanted. Oh my god. You know, this is this fucking t-shirt with the anime character on it. Right? Just dopamine. Then you have commodities. People buy commodities based off price. The problem with this is when you sell a commodity, is that people need, but it's inexpensive. It becomes a race to the bottom. Because people are buying off price. And people just keep trying to make this their shit cheaper and cheaper. The problem with a race to the bottom is you might win. It's hard to compete in that quadrant. Like the same one is sale the other end. You want to come with them. Now you compete with a fucking proctor and gamble. They can do that shit at scale. They can get the supplies. They can get everything so so much cheaper. Right? There's going to be difficult for you to even sell it at a profit. Then the Cestites. This is in the title. So it's they make the purchase because they need it. And they're going to usually base this off of quality. A lot of people buy luxury items. Is this for status? These people will pay for exclusivity, exclusivity, and signaling. It's just signaling your status. What I call status signals. So here's your options for products or services that you want to have. I say, Trinkets fuck this shit because it's one. I just think anything is inexpensive. You shouldn't sell it. Because you have to sell so much of it. That it's not just not a viable option. It's difficult for it to be profitable. And it's cheap too, right? So how much margin is there? You want to play in these sandbox. Expensive shit. You could sell in the Cestites if you're really good at something. If you have a product or service that people need and you're really good at it, then the Cestites box can work for you. The best one is luxury status. People make a lot of the decisions based off stat. Lot of the decisions based off status. And some of you are thinking right now, man, we'll make decisions based off status. And you want to type that and you're doing that because that's going to raise your status. Now you're better than all of us, right? But your wrong is goes to part six. You've got to understand status because we want to sell in this quadrant. Expensive stuff that people don't need. But they want it. This is where a lot of money is made in this quadrant. So the reason we want to learn status and we're in the numerator. Because you can turn these other cautions into status symbols. For example, I bought once a $200 toothbrush. It was the thing going on in the 2000s, it was where we're recruiting bottle girls to work at the dentist's New York. It was just some motherfucking bad business selling selling toothbrushes. And I bought one, man. You know what I'm saying? It's fair, right? You know, but you can do you see this with other things like there's real expensive teeth widening toothpaste. Probably it's good as other toothbrushes, but there's another toothpaste. Don't increase your what status by making you look better. Fucking with your teeth. If you some people need cars, some people will buy a car based off whatever the bug metrics. Right? But you know, if you want to really make money, man, you know, selling lamb bowls. That's where you do that. You sell a stat nobody needs a lamb over the increased their what status. And even treat kids if you have an era of exclusivity, then you can turn a Trinket into a status symbol. You see this all the time, Apple does this. Right? The iPhone has become a status symbol. When I met my girl and we were just friends, I had two phones back then, but I had one of them was an android. Like my personal phone when I first text, I managed to say that green text. She's like, you know what she's acted all crazy. And then I ended up switching that for her, but I ended up switching to a Apple phone for my personal phone. Now I still I have an android, but I noticed the stamp was sad, and even when I see your green test, I'm like, what the fuck? So Apple has become a status symbol just a little the iPhone. But even you know, the way they present their products in their stores, right? You can get a really good Windows computer for like fucking less than half the price. You can just say it's capable. You know, but they add the extra sexiness to it. You just come to status symbol so they're able to charge more. Right? You can make anything a status symbol. It is very important. And you want to think of this is very important. If you can position your product word raises people status. Not only will people buy more, you'll sell more too. Even a commodity. And status is not always like flexing. So for example, this was an advertisement back in the day for peanut butter. And it said, choose the moms choose Jeff. What they're trying to do, they're trying to say, oh, if you are good mom, you get this kind of peanut butter. Because moms care about their status as a mom. Every mom wants to be seen as a good mother. They use this campaign to turn Jeff into a status symbol. Right? It's just fucking peanut butter. You can do anything. You really need to understand this status plays a huge role in people's lives into the city and making even if they don't know it. Here's the study from Dr. David Bus. We said that people across cultures, people prefer high status partners because provides better resources and protection and genetic advantages. Yeah, if you to hire your status is the better chance you got spreading your genes all over the face. In fact, another study shows that shows that the human brain evolved to have such a large size compared to our body because of our need for status. So basically, our drive to acquire status actually grew our brains, our social brain, our policies and the simplification for social evolution. So if you can read it on your own nerd, if you want to give more details on it, I'm going to show you one more. Another study shows that higher status people are more confident, happy and influential. Neuro processing of social hierarchies and they actually, they raised and lower people's status amongst a group of others and they had brain scans on it and they showed it actually lit up. Anyway, so don't try to fight it. Use it to your advantage. We human beings are hardwired to do whatever they can to improve their status. That's how haters are made by the way because there's two ways to make the highest building in town. You can either build a house building or you can knock down all other buildings. Basically, when somebody's hating, they see somebody who threatens their status and they need to hate on that motherfucker. They can't help it. We would ever use selling. You want to find ways to increase the status of this thing so you can sell it for higher margins. And people will be more excited to buy it if it raises their status. If you're if a commodities, you've got to convince motherfuckers to do it. The Cestides, life's got to be threatened. Right? Trinkets, you got to fucking trick these motherfuckers in the get it. But luxuries, if you get attached status to whatever you're selling, people will be excited to buy from you. Jossal brings us to section number eight sales. You have to learn skills if you have a business because if you're not making sales, you ain't got a business. I have some videos and I post link in description on some of my best sales books and ones I like the most. And also have sales trainings here on YouTube for free. If you've attached status to your product or service upfront, even if you sell a long care, let's talk about how the fucking your customers have the best loans or some shit. If you're going to attach status to it, it does the selling for you. All you should be doing is asking the prospect question. Get them to convince themselves. Understand what they really want and present the right solution. That's all you should be doing. But you do need to understand the rights, the different sales mechanisms as they relate to price. So sales. It kind of looks like this is a hierarchy. Right? So you're going to have like a link in your bio for something cheap. Like real cheap. The sales mechanism can be like, hey, just a link with a sales page. However, when you start getting more, a little more expensive than this, now expensive is relative. It depends on your target market and what you sell it. A hundred dollars is not a lot of money, but a hundred dollars for a bagel is a lot of money. Right? It's just all relative, right? So just keep that in mind. So this is the least sophisticated. You only have links to a sales page. If you're selling really cheap shit, when you start increasing the complexity, then maybe you step your game up, you do something like a VSL. This is called a video sales letter. You know what I'm talking about? That's what you got to start reading more. It's to take it up a notch. After this, maybe you need some sort of webinar or presentation. Take it up a notch. More expensive than that. Maybe you do zoom sales, sales call. And the some real expensive shit. Again, it's relative, right? Real expensive shit. You got to do in person sale. More of a because they buy and they're beginning to also own. All right, when these companies are doing big deals, mergers and acquisitions, they fly to each other. And that doing the shit over Zoom, right? Cause these like billion dollar fucking deals, right? You got to figure out what you're selling, how expensive it is relative to your competitors, pick a sales mechanism in mastery, right? So the skills you need here are you got to learn copyright and basically you got to learn how to write copy for a above that though. You got to learn how to do like sales, one on one sales. These are those are the skillsets. First you figure out how expensive your product or service is relative to a market, then you figure out your sales mechanism, then you figure out what skill you need to mask it as sales mechanism. There's one thing that just hooks a hole in all it is, if you have enough credibility, if you have enough credibility, then none of this matters. For example, $100,000 is a lot of money for personal training, like a $100,000 a month, right? It's a lot of money. It's a lot of market rates. However, if the rock says, hey, I'm taking on two or three personal training clients, he could charge that much and put the link in his bio. He's got enough credibility. He's one of the highest pay movie star in the world of all time. Superfamous in great shape. He can sell something super expensive, which is a link. You know what I'm saying with a buy button. He doesn't even have that strong copy. He has so much credibility. The motherfucker who's got enough money to spend on that would know that he'll get an increase in what by getting the rock the train. I'm status. Who has higher status? The person who says, hey, man, my fucking trainer is some asshole from crutch. Or the guy says, oh, yeah, the rock is my personal trainer. Right? That's what that's the power of status, right? So credibility just blows a hole in all this. You got enough credibility. You could do whatever you want. How can you build that credibility? That's part nine. You got to learn marketing. In my mind, marketing is really a combination of awareness and credibility. You got awareness. Awareness just means people know who the fuck you are and you have credibility. People fuck with whoever you are. The people can know who you are, but that I mean you're credible. Right? Like, I know flavor, flavor. I don't want him to be my financial advisor. I won't know when flavor, flavor $30. Right? He got no credibility. My eyes, right? So awareness and credibility is marketing. How do you build it? There's two forms of marketing is direct response marketing. This is like when you tell me, hey, buy now. Usually ads buy now. Then there's branding. Branding is awareness. Branding does most of the credibility. Or you start building up that brand. That builds your credibility. And it makes your direct response easier. The best companies to vote. You might be driving down a highway. You see a billboard for Coca-Cola. That's not the direct response. Add. Then that is spec. You just see that the be driving. See that shit. I mean, you're Coca-Cola right now. That's not the intention. It's just for branding. I just want to keep you top of mind. If I do it, add on Facebook, I'm expecting something to happen. When I make these videos right now, this is branding. I'm not going to ask you for anything. I'm just just branding to boost my what credibility. If you watch this far, you're like, damn. It's motherfucking those with a fucking talking about. See what I did? I do when you're right now. If running your, very eyes, I've been doing it for fucking 14 years or some shit. But it makes the ads work better. Because if you see an ad from somebody you never heard of, better be a good fucking ad. And a good fucking product. Right? But if you see an ad from somebody that you already know like and trust, they built the credibility through branding, then the ads will be more effective. Ask me how I know. The two forms of marketing are direct response. The learn this. You have to learn PPP, paper, click ads. These are ads on Facebook, Instagram, you know, meta or, you know, YouTube, Google. This is easiest for you to learn right now. Right? You're not going to get ads on the fucking radio or TV right now. I wouldn't even do it if I had to. Oh, man. I got the money and I don't do it. Now when it comes to branding, the best way to build branding is with a social media, best and fastest. And in fact, if you have a large social media, it makes the ads work better. They can work better. So they actually work together. And the better you're marketed, the easier to sell. Right? Because remember, credibility makes it all fucking easier. You get to wear this credibility comes to the marketing. It's way easier if you've attached status to your product or service. Right? But first you have to have leverage to even get any of this shit off the ground. And that comes from money. And that it brings the social media as the last part. Social media is easy to focus on. And it's the most powerful one right now in 2025. If you could follow these steps, the implemented and get real aggressive, you can actually make a million dollars this year. I've helped people make over a million dollars in one year. I've seen it happen. I know I have been these are the steps they took. Right? If you want to learn more about online fitness game, right? If you want even more details this sound interesting, you just sound like you can do. I have an ebook called the 10 Commandments of Online Training. Click the link in the description right now. It's 100% free. And it goes into more depth than what I was able to do in this video. All right? Thank you.