If you're in your 20s, I want to give you the best advice you can get. If you follow the advice you will have tons of money and success in your 30s, if you do not follow the advice, you have nothing to show for your time but a bunch of funny stories and you'll look back and wish that you had listened to me because you are in so much despair, heartbreak and most likely poverty. I really want to normalize men spending their 20s or in 80 hours a week because that's what I did. After my father killed himself when I was 24, it was during the recession 08. Nobody was hiring, it was record unemployment but I still had to take care of my family so I started working for a job. I wake up at 4 o'clock and I would train people in the gym that I shouted at him, take the train to the protest store and so the world was a security guard and I would get that for like 8 hours and then I would work for my boys moving to the FFF at that. Did that five days a week? On the weekends, I would train people in the morning and then I would manage a barbecue restaurant in Queens. I was the weekend manager. So these are 12, 14 hour days, seven days a week. During the worst economic recession since the Depression, I record unemployment, leaving my brothers all the other shit, stock market poll and general remoders about to go out of business, all the banks about to go out of business, the government had to come in and save everything and it was a fucking mess. It was a nightmare. But I still made over $100,000 that first year I did that. And every year after that, working blue collar or shijabs, you don't need to, uh, collar's the green to do any of that, all you need was hustle and begin willing to work. But I kept that work at the, I spit less than I earned and I invested the rest in my business in different assets. By the time I was in my early 30s, I was a millionaire. Right now I'm in my 40s, multi-million, but it's because of that foundation I lay working super hard in my 20s. And when I tell people they should do that, they say, oh man, you're going to waste your best years of your life. Life's not all about work in life's bubble, blah, blah, blah, blah, no nigga. Listen to me, I would like to present to you an alternative viewpoint. Instead of thinking your 20s are for fun, fucking around playing grab ass, what if you use your 20s when you have the most energy, the least amount of responsibilities, and you do your healthiest in your strongest. What if you use that time to build the foundation, there will sit you up for the rest of your life and set up your future kids. Remember that story? I think it was the ant in the grasshopper, all summer, the grasshopper was fucking around playing with himself, fucking around having fun because of summer. The ants was working, they was getting ready for winter. They were happy when winter came, the ants had it, they was straight, it was all good. In my brain, the grasshopper died. He died a starvation in the winter. Maybe something else happened, I don't know though. But you don't want to be the grasshopper. To summer times, you're 20s. And that's what you could really set yourself up. And if you do that, you're set yourself up for your 30s. So you can actually have a lot of money in your 30s, then you can start trying to settle down, maybe start a family. It has some kids, right? But instead, I see people, they bullshit it, they're old 20s. And now they're in their fucking thirties. And they got kids in a wife or some shit. And they're like, oh, I'm poor, I'm broke. And I'd be thinking, man, what would the fuck was you doing for 30 years? Homey, you're just now decided to get serious when you've had some kids. What if you prepare for that shit? I think in the story, they aren't shared their food, but that's a children's story. And real life, you're going to die, homie, they're real shit, but they changed to make us the world and got to solve. Let me strengthen my argument. According to the data, average American works, about 34 hours a week. Here's some stats, 34 hours a week, not even 40, bullshit, right? The average American makes under 60 thousand dollars a year. So it stands to raise my nigga. If you double the amount of work, you double the amount of income. This is important because most of you love because of broke. There's another study that's tilted the majority of Americans has less than $1,000 in their account. So if the average American is only making $60,000 a year, and less than $1,000 in account, and only working 34 hours a week, let's work more than that so we could have more than that. It's like a simple man. You may be thinking, but man, how can I work that much? What does why say it guys in the 20s? It's harder if you got a bunch of kids and you got a family, because somebody's thinking, right now, man, what if I got like 18 kids? Stop blaming an Advocacy on your children. Second of all, I didn't say you'd have one of them kids. I told you not to. You keep making mistakes, dummy. You had six with all the women without a condom, I told you to use a condom. I just told you to use condom and pull out, but you didn't do neither one. Now you got a baby. You trying to blame your poverty. You're an Advocacy on your children. Stop doing that. It's not a man shit. All right, every human has 160-eight hours in every week. All right, let's say you sleep eight hours in night, 56 hours a week, sleep. Boom. Now you got, you got 112 hours left. All right, cool. Let's say you worked 80 hours today. You still got 32 hours left. Do whatever you want to 32 hours. What about using a bed? What about commute? What about clicking food and troubles yourself? That's what the 32 hours a week is for. Dip shit. You're saying, do I how much leisure time you need? Man, this ain't the fucking playground. Like your 20s is not about living your best life or having fun. It's really needs to be about setting yourself up for the future. Let your 30s be about having fun. It's called the laid gratification. The long you can think, the laid gratification and the more long term you can think, the better your outcomes are. Almost always things that are good for you now are bad for you in the future. And things that you maybe are uncomfortable now are usually good for you in the future. This is just on a short of timescale. Candies and Kate, it tastes great now, but it's bad for you in the future, right? All those exist calories are going to put on that. That's why the average American is 17 pounds overweight. The thing about momentary pleasure instead of long term. Even healthy, died of even in chloric deficit, it can be difficult or arduous now. But in the future, you look better. You feel better in your healthier. That's on a short time frame. Let's expand this, right? If you fuck around your whole 20s, getting high, party and fucking random people doing drugs, smoking pot, or whatever your kids are doing now. Kids out here eating fat in all, it may feel great now. It's going to be bad for you long time. You're going to be my age when then to show for a bit of a funny story. However, if you fucking do what I say now, putting that 80 hours a week now, you'll be balling by at 30. If you want, you can take your foot off the gas, or you can spin more time with family then, because you'll be your family. Right? More with in the 20s, maybe I wouldn't spend more time telling you, you're kicking with your fucking mommy? You have your own got kids. Crow up, my nigga. I kick you with your family, the family you create dipshit, and you do that later after you putting the work up front when you got some fucking bread. And then it's better. I was at Disney World. I'm not certain, but the bro people, man. We skipping the lies is shit. I thought it was good for my son to see, skipping the lies of poor people, as I ate it dead, and work hard in the 20s, man. He bullshit his 20s, man. That's why he got away in that long as line that we go straight into the front, my nigga. I told him that lesson, he's six. We're going to put yourself in the best decision to succeed, and put your children in the best position to succeed. Let me let me explain what this means. If the average American makes about $60,000, working 34 hours a week, there's no reason. You can't make at least $100k, working 80. I did it. Now your expenses are not $100k, I'm not telling you the craziest mess of this is it is exactly. You've got it. We remember, we're delaying gratification. This is not by fucking lambo's as shit. I'm about to buy my first Rolls Royce, I'm 42. You get them saying, when I started my YouTube shit, you know, like 12 years ago, you see, I'm just wearing Apple Watch, no fucking Richard Mio in that as shit. Maybe the most suspicious shit I had on with some Jordan's, you know, because I'm from Chicago and I'm put it. You know, I live well below my means. You see the small apartment in Queens, you know, I'm not, I wasn't out here flexing at all, no car, nothing at shit. What was I doing? I was saving half my money. I was making a bunch of money, and I was put half aside, save it, or invested. So I was invested in my business, and then when I was quit all my jobs, and I was just making money, it was making more than $100,000 a year at that point, even when I got to seven figures in my early 30s, when I was like making a, you know, my first million, I invested more than half of it, or I lived well below my means, and invested the rest, that's how you get rich. That's only what you rich, I don't know the other way. I didn't make it the money of YouTube alone, to be a fucking multi millionaire. I worked hard in my 20s, and most of my 30s, and I didn't start flexing until I was like 36, 37, you know what I'm saying? Like, look at those videos. I didn't start buying a bunch of fucking prodigalty, Louis, you know, I don't even have a car yet. I'm about to buy my first Rolls Royce, but in the year I got to do it for the 80s, so I get the tax right off. That's a main lead to much money here. Otherwise I got to give it to the government. They gonna spend it on missiles. I'm listening, if I don't buy the Rolls Royce, I'm funding some more somewhere. That's how I look at it. Now, second thing to do is this would be the simplest way to get rich. Make as much money as you can, means 80 hours a week. That's about the capacity. Especially if you're 20s, you got the bigger, you're young, and you're 30s and 40s to get more difficult, because you got more responsibility. And you just shouldn't be saying the same bro. I could sleep four hours in my 20s, and like not feeling. Fossil four hours today, I might die, bro. At page 42, I don't know about live. Make as much money as you can, but work in 80 hours. Live all less than half of it, but invest the rest. Right, imagine if you did this, like just check me out. You should be able to make 100,000 dollars a year if you were 80 hours a week. I'm telling you, you definitely can't. There's Uber drivers who make 100k a year. This is article about this do. He made 100k dollars a year, but he worked 84 hours a week. This won't fuck a hustling harder than you home. He's just driving over, man. Doing overheat in deliveries is shit. You know, I understand you could do it. That's this is like not the easiest way to do it, but if you got a regular job in you drive Uber on the side or something, 80 hours a week, man. This won't fucking do any. Let's just say you took my bikes. You can raise your living expenses. Raised to fucking 50k a year, but you invest $4,000 a month. Remember, I can't get that much. Remember, I told you, go, go, for you guys to work 80 hours a week. And the lowest, the easiest investment, right? Let's say you're starting to 20, you do this for 10 years. Let's just say you put it in an index fund. VLO, spy, anything. It's usually around 10% that's the annual stock market. It's going to say we compound it annually. All right, let's calculate boom. In 10 years, you have $700,000. That's a lot of money for most of you guys. You'd be almost a millionaire. This is how much of you just say, but now I tell you investor, right? Let's say you extrapolate it. Let's say you're 20 and you did this year for 20 years. Work in 80 hours a week for 20 years. If you do that, you're me. You're me. You're me. Like, I've been doing that. My sales guys, they're in Miami. We all, they're saying I'm a boy's house. And I got all my sales team here in Miami. And they see me work from like 6 a.m. because I wake up before to want to 8 p.m. It's not all work that I definitely take some time to work out in that eat food, right? But then I'm working about 12 hours a day. They see it. They was like, kind of shock. They're like, oh, shit. I really know it was real. Yeah, I've been doing this normal me now. So let's say you did that for 20 years. You mean, don't say you can't do it. Boom, man. In 20 years, right? At the time of your my age, man, you got close to 3 mil. What about inflation or inflation? Man, you'll still be happy with that shit on me. Chill out. That's life change to shit. After 15 years, you have 1.5 mil. You know, 25, do it to your 40. Come on, man. You know, say you can you have your first mil and 12 years if you just did it for 12 years. That's the lowest investment, right? If you would do something like invested in your own business, like I did, I invested them all business. It had I learned ads and I invested in skills. I invested in myself it in my business at first. And then what's the business started making it of money? Where's like I had financial surplus. Then I started investing stocks bonds real estate. That's how you get rich. The only way to get rich to make more than you spend and invest the difference over a long period of time. If you are the average mother fucker, working less than 40 hours a week, making 60k is not enough to invest to make a big difference. You'll never be rich with this kind of income and this kind of work ethic. You'll never be rich like that. I don't know anyone who's rich who worked with the average of American works. 30 to 40 hours. I'm sure this may be some example somewhere, but I don't know anyone. Not the pro athletes, I know they fucking work more net. The best ones they train all day, none of the fucking lawyers I know were rich. They work more than that. The fucking doctors I know who worked. They work more than that. And certainly the entrepreneurs like the success watch of the newest 80% of businesses feel. If you know that the risk is so high, why wouldn't you put as much work impossible to mitigate that risk? Real self. You're not going to get rich working 40 hours a week. The third and the third and the third of the rich making the 60k. That's what the average person is doing. That's why I started videos. I want to normalize. Young men working 80 hours a week. The reason I said young men is because if you're young, you don't have as many responsibilities. I don't have to worry about some. What about all my fucking kids? You know, shut the fuck up. What about family? What you was trying to tell me with your mama you ain't got no kids, man? And your mama must go out and be somebody, be successful, man. And then you get you can take care of your mom. Like my mom don't have to, after my father killed herself. So you don't have to pay no bills. She don't have to pay for shit. She needs some money. She needs something to have to send it to her. A nothing. You feel that's what you want to be. You want to be able to take care of them when you're older. And you can't do that unless you're fucking come up. So I know some people say, what about living life? What about enjoying life? Recreation is not the only way to enjoy life. Because a lot of times when people talk about enjoying life, they're talking about eating this. They're talking about party. They're talking about vacation. They're talking about sometimes they're talking about drugs, casual sex, we know recreation or activity. And it's not that wrong with those things within themselves. But it that's the only way that you can enjoy life. And that makes me sad because you can only do those things sometimes. You can't do those things all it. It's that's the only way you can enjoy life is recreation. You'll live that life work. And I've got a case of the Mondays. Can't wait for the wicket. Thank God, it's Friday. Oh, that's it. Escapeism. Because they don't like what they do. However, you can switch the real all the ballers I know. They find joy seeing how they get contribute to the world. Seeing how much they can push themselves. Recreases that the only way to find joy. In fact, it's the lowest way because recreation only benefit you. Even if you're just working for someone else. That that business sale something to people, a product or services people, and you're helping people get this thing that they obviously want. That's why they're changing currency for it. They're actually contributing to society when you work. I don't understand why men are so adverse to work. And there was a time there was a time when men worked way more than 40 hours a week. Those people were kind of considered heroes like good men. But for whatever reason now, you can demonize if you want to work 80 hours a week. People look at you like you kite. Some kind of disease called any you will work a holiday. As if enjoying what you do is somehow bad. Is if putting in work work is bad. As Buckingham is saying, you know Martin Luther King when they went on the march on watch. Then it wasn't called the march on watch. And then that's what they named it after it was called the march for freedom and jobs. And jobs. One of the king when did you work brother? You know what I mean? We got to get out here and work man and contribute. And then set shit up for our kids. Now that you set them up to be in a better position, living in a better safer neighborhood going to better schools with a better curriculum, providing better services for your children. But you also teach them work ethic. They learn work ethic. If their father was a hard worker, if the recreation is the only way you enjoy life, men, and it really makes me sad for those people. They don't understand it. Those of us who learn to enjoy. Listen, I say, I'll just see what I made up. We enjoy life more than them because they get only doing on the weekends or after work. I'm enjoying life from the time I wake up. At the time I go to sleep. I'm not saying, oh, I got a kiss at a Monday. I can't fucking wait for a Monday. Because I get to put my jersey on them excited. But I like the weekend too because I work on the weekends paper. Listen, you do this shit for a few years. You start getting some of this bread. You can think you put off the gas. And this is like the lowest form. Just a simple bite of index line for $1000 every month. Imagine if you put in something more lucrative like your own business or if you've figured out a high-paying skill, where you can get paid more per hour. These things will benefit you and it'll benefit you of future. Your future is so with thank you. However, there's a lot of people who are in the 30s and they wish they were tired. I know what that depends. If you want to know what you should work on, know the hours, maybe you somebody was searching on business. After I worked two years, I had some money to say to have my income and I bet that the business that started was online training. And I was one of the first people to do online training. And that's how many of my first million dollars. And now I teach other people how to build their online business. Or I got a bunch of students who have made over million dollars. You could also check out my free ebook, the 10 commemands of online training. If you want to know something right now, the link is in the description is free. If you want some more advice on how to make some money, I got a video that's going to help you out a lot. So I'm where I click click do it.