This is what I want you to do if you got $5,000 in the bank or less. That is a goddamn emergency. And I'm gonna give you the game plan to stop being a motherfucking broke boy. And you are gonna come up immediately. And there are a few things we need to do to accomplish this. The very first thing you're gonna do, right? Is you're gonna cut expensive aggressively. You gotta understand man. Less than 5,000 dollars in the bank is a goddamn emergency. First thing we're gonna do, we're gonna cut expenses immediately. And here's why we need to get our income in the control. The way you get rich is you gotta make more money than you spend in a best of difference. But you've been spending almost all your money. That's why you broke. The first thing we wanna do is start tracking expenses. For over a decade I used something called Mint.com to track all my expenses. But now we're using something called Monarch. They do not pay me. Much to my shagrin. They do not pay me to shout them out. If they want to sponsor this video or anything else, I will take the money. U.S. holds that money. Our goal only got a few more motherfucking months before I have to show up and take the money. We're gonna start tracking expenses. Monarch is really dope. It's really dope. Because what you do is link all your accounts. All your bank accounts. All your debit cards. You credit cards. You're investment accounts. Everything of the Monarch.com. And it does a lot of the tracking for you. But I still go through everyday and I just make sure the categories are correct. It's actually better than Mint. It's a beautiful surprise that Mint shut down. Once you have all your spending, first what we need to do is stop eating out. You're saying you are going to buy no new shit. You are going to cut unnecessary shit. What you doing with Netflix and no money. You know making that money to watch Netflix loser? I don't watch Netflix. And I'm fucking filthy rich. This is all you're subscription is all the bullshit, man. As you are in an emergency situation, motherfucker. Next thing we're gonna do. Remember, you got five K in the bank. You are going to get a second job. Bitch, nigga. Monarch is being like yo man, I'm broke man. I ain't got no money. It was like, oh man, you don't make it the money you would you work? No, I was like, well, why don't you get another job? Oh, because because, and I want to ring your fucking neck every time when you broke boys tell me that shit. Because I've been there. I want to strangle you because I love you. If I didn't give a fuck about you, I wouldn't get emotional about it. Get a second job. And I went through this after my father blew his brains out of shock and hit when I was 24. It was during the recession of a way fucking worse, unnatural recession since the depression. Recognizing employment, I couldn't get a job. Even though I had a college degree, I couldn't get a good job. Come to you to go now to business. People were laying in late off. We had record levels of unemployment. I just said, fuck, personal training in the morning. It worked security from 10 to 6. After work, I worked for a moving company. And then on the weekends, I trained people in the morning and I managed to arrest around a weekend manager of a restaurant and queens on Steinways. That was work for jobs. That was work all day, every day. Two years of doing that, I wasn't broke no more. Oh, for those years, I made over $100,000. Working blue collar jobs during a recession. You know what I'm saying? Get another fucking job, bro. Y'all got a bandages that I didn't have back in a way. Or I'll say you can work overtime. If you can. You can drive Uber. It's like, all you motherfuckers were broke. I mean, why you driving Uber after work? I would have loved to drive Uber instead of working for the moving company. It might have been less money, but it would have been way less stringuous on my back. What else can these motherfuckers do, man? Regular as a job. Delivery. I remember this one, dude. He told me he was broke. And he was, oh, you got a job like, nah, he said you're doing Uber? Nah, man, you're not doing Uber. He's just like, nah, man. I don't, you know, blah, blah, blah, blah. He's, you might have to humble yourself, man. I was working for moving companies. I had to call this degree. You know, you sometimes you got to humble yourself if you broke, man, you can't. You can't have no money in pride. Fuck you proud of. Nah, man, you got to humble yourself. And then, that same day that motherfuckers said that. The next day, it was a snowstorm in New York. I was living in Manhattan on Ever West Side. I was hungry so I was going to order breakfast. And, yo, man, of motherfuckin' chick, this chick walked in the snowstorm to deliver my breakfast. And I was like, yo, man, this chick is hustling harder than most of you motherfuckin' dudes. Anyway, delivering, get a second job, all right, boom, work after work. If you're old, man, if you've done it five, man, work from five. Five to nine. You know what I'm saying? You broke. I want to hear nothing about enjoying life. How much life you would enjoy with $5,000, man. I wouldn't be able to enjoy shit. I wouldn't be a bit difficult for me to sleep. I'd be panicking. You need to get serious. Work after work, work on the weekends. I'm fuckin' around, man. Oh, in order to do this shit, you're gonna start planning in your calendar. You're gonna have to plan every day your calendar. You're gonna have to structure. You're gonna have to have a bedtime. You're gonna have to wake up time. I still worked out when I had four jobs. Granted, it was easier because I was a trainer. So I worked out with my clients. I still fuckin' got seven, five, seven hours sleep a night. I know for a fact, you motherfuckin' watching this, click on this, cause you have five dollars out on the bank. You motherfuckin' you've logged more quality duty hours than me this year. The screen time on your phone looks way different than mine. I assure you, you got time, man. You just a bitch. And the next thing you need to do is you have to build your skills. Build a high income skill. You gotta learn some sort of skill, man. Of the top of my head, some might come over with his sales, video production, or editing. Something that people will pay you for. Media buying, like if you can learn how to do ads, learn how to run ads. I know what people who are. Like, most I'm millionaires, and they just add buyers. They run people's social media, they're ads. Like Facebook ads, Instagram ads. Social media management, online fitness. My first business, I was an online trainer. As I was working those first four jobs. I had that idea, hey, man, what if I started training people online instead of in person? And it was more difficult back then, cause it weren't as many social media to do the marketing. And nobody was showing you how to do it. All of us who started online training back in the old, old nine, we had to invent it. I was one of the pioneers. Now I teach people how to do it as well. I teach people to grow their online fitness business. If you wanna learn how to do that, I have a free resource. Just call it, tank a man who's the online trainer. It's a free ebook, you can download and it'll give you the outline of how it works. And you see if it's something that's for you, right? But you have a way better understanding how that works. A service business is one of the best businesses to start, especially if you broke. Because it's very little over here and there's very little start-up cost. And especially if you love fitness, cause I've always had an affinity for fitness. I've always been in love with it. So it didn't feel like work. If you wanna learn more about that down at the free ebook, right? If you're gonna wish, now you have to learn. You have to study. It means there's a lot of free resources online, right? But you can get books, courses, courses, YouTube, get a mentor. Probably you have to pay them. In fact, you wanna pay a mentor, right? Anything that's important to me, I don't let people do it for free. Like somebody wants to do something for free or me, I'm like, mm-hmm. I'm gonna pay you cause I need them to take it seriously. Otherwise, I think they do a new a favor and they're gonna do it when they get around to it. And build the high income skill. And then once you have the high income skill, then you want to leverage that skill for money. But you gotta work your way up here. You gotta remember, you're starting at the fucking bottom. You got $5,000. Alright, so, very soon we could have expensive aggressively. Get another fucking job. You gotta get out of this emergency situation, build yourself a cushion. And you gotta build a high income skill. Then you wanna start leveraging that skill for money. What you can do that is get a better job. Right? And then maybe you gotta skill now, you can get a better job. Maybe you don't have to drive a little more all the time. Start a business. What you're new skills, right? If you're not good at anything, high-go start a business. You're gonna pay you. You're gonna pay you to do something bad. Nobody. You're gonna be a scammer. If you're not good at something, you try to sell a service. That's something you're not good at. That's how scammers are made. Scam is actually more difficult than actually provided a good product. A service if you're good at it. Like for me, it would be more difficult to scam. Because now I have to deal with the ramifications. People will be making YouTube videos about me. I'mma end up on coffee, zill or something shit. Fuck that. I rather just give a good product a service. Right? You get blown reviews, you get tons of testimonials and referrals. And it makes everything easier. You're free lands. Because Nemo was free lands in, free lands videographer before he met me. And then think he still does some freelance. That works. But in order to do that, I remember. Remember, like all this takes time. Like the read, if you're broke, the only resource you probably have is time. And that's why it goes right back. You're gonna have to get even more aggressive with your calendar. You have another video on time management that you should watch right after this to show you exactly how you can start managing your time better. And then I made a lot of jokes. Talk to, kind of cool. You and I may have sounded like I didn't give a fuck about you. But I really do care, right? Like you don't have to be broken in first world country. I'm about yourself. Cut expenses. Get that second job. Right? Start building that skill. And then once you have the skill, you can start making some more money. All right.