I'm about to break down exactly what you need to do if you want to make $5,000 in the next seven days as an online trainer. And I'm well suited to teach this because not only have I helped over 15,000 students built their online fitness businesses, people started with nothing no following right now they have full time online fitness businesses. I have some students who make over a million dollars a year as online trainers. But I was one of the first people to ever do online training back in 08 after my father killed himself during the recession of 08 the worst recession since the depression I started online training. I was one of the first people to ever do it all of us who did it in that class around that time we were inventing it. I helped invent online training. Mass it it. Now I'm a teacher. Get your fucking note pads out. Pay attention if you follow the stiffness and you don't make $5,000 in the next seven days I want you to know it's your fault. I'm a fucking expert. If I only made $5,000 to tomorrow I'd be suicidal. But if you can do it in seven days that's going to be a big deal for you. Right? I'm going to show you how you can get $5,000 in the next seven days as an online trainer. And you're not going to have to build no goddamn funnels. You're not going to run any ads, spend any money. You're not going to build a fucking course. And you don't need any prior experience. And you don't need to be certified. That's a common misnomer. People think you need to be certified to be an online trainer that is not true. You don't even need to be certified legally to be a personal trainer. Jim's want you to be certified. More for his short series. When I first got my first dot when I was 17 as an in-person trainer I worked at Bally's Total Fitness. And they said, yeah, just get certified within 90 days. When I was training people didn't pay the dream people before I was certified. Right? There's no law so you got to do it. Some people erroneously believe you need to be a certified dietitian to give diet advice. That is an old wives tail. Right? It's just not true. According to laws you only need to be a certified dietitian if you're going to give diet advice to cure diseases and shit. But when doing that we just help people get in shape. So don't worry about anything. No experience nothing can hold you back. Now if you're watching this and you follow the steps I'm assuming you don't look like shit. You don't have to look like me. I mean, set up attainable goals, right? But I'm assuming you look like someone who can be a trainer. If you are here looking like the before picture is going to take you longer than seven days because you have to get in shape first, man. Even if you know all the science. Even if you got a degree, a master's degree in keenest physiology is going to be hard. If not impossible, be a successful online trainer. I don't give a fuck how much of a fucking nose. If he's homeless, he can't be my success coach. I don't care how much books knowledge he has. I'm not hiring him as my success coach. If he's homeless, a fat trainer is much like a homeless success coach, a guard dog with no teeth, prostitute with no mouth. It's not going to work. No one's going to hire that person. I'm also going to assume that you know something about fitness. You fucking work out. You know how to get in shape. Maybe you've helped friends or family members get in shape. You're not a complete novice to this, right? Because if you don't know anything about fitness, and you try to sell people on fitness, you my friend are a scammer. That's how scammers are made. One of the things you don't know shit and then try to teach it. So what you're going to learn today is exactly how to sell online training, how to actually get customers and how to train them online so they get good results. What I'm going to teach you today is going to show you how you can get better results for your online clients than most people get with an in-person client. And I have tons of evidence in this. Let's get into it. Step one, you got to figure out what you're going to sell. So a lot of times when people when they get into the online fitness business, they think, hey, I'm going to sell some e-books. So I'm going to sell some courses. That's borderline R word. All right, I can't say you know what I mean. Let me explain to you why. We want to make the go. Remember to go. Five, racks in seven days. One, you ain't got time to write a fucking e-book or make some courses. Courses is the worst way to make money as an online fitness person. Let me explain break it down for you. In most businesses, we have something called a vow you ladder. And at the top of your value ladder, you have your most expensive stuff. Then you have your mid tier stuff. Then you have your cheap stuff. Or even you might have some free stuff to no monetary value. And all I've been is the business. The value that I've ever looked like this. All right. The bottom, we have social media content. All right. This is the free stuff you give it away. You're giving tips and tricks. Helping people comes to the goals. Much like I'm doing that. I can pay nothing for this. You should think. Right. Your cheap shit for fitness. You have my fucking e-books. Nobody wants your fucking e-book asshole. Not your e-book. That's a mine. I'm a fucking expert. You're a guy. Nobody wants your e-book. All right. Then you have courses. All right. This is what people think. Hey, I'm supposed to put courses. Sorry. You're saying? All right. Yeah. So, and then at the very top, we have online training. Now, let's just do some simple math. Social media is free. So, we will count that. E-books to average e-book about $10. I mean, some people sell it for more. But on average, it's all about $10. All right. Remember, you need to make $5,000 a seven days. That's why you click this video. It's all I'm trying. How many fucking e-books do you have to sell to make $5,000? Fuck it. 500. Motherfucker. You ain't never sold 500 of anything. And you won't look and do that in seven days. Get real asshole. Right. Even if you did do it, right? Seven days. Once you fucking sell 500, what are you going to do again? Right. It's not a sustainable business. You just hit a lick. Courses. The average course is about $49. We're called it 50 for simple math. Right. You got to sell 100 courses. Again, it's still going to be your arduous test. Adobe is proposition at best. You ain't sold 100. Nothing online. Your whole life. And you won't all of a sudden do it in seven days. Not me. Get real. However, online training. Right. Here's what a decision has a few different pricing structures. The three different pricing structures. I did what I recommended. 16 weeks. I tell my students and they they close this every day. That's going to be $997. I'll say $1,000 for simple math. For four weeks or a month, boom. You sell that for $300. Or if you you fuck around and accidentally sell to some broke boys, you sell a weekly $80 a week. Now, it's less money upfront, but it's more money. As the weeks decrease, the amount of money per week actually increases. It's kind of like anything else if you buy something in bulk and get it for cheaper. That's how drug dealers make their money. Right. They buy cocaine in bulk. And then they distribute amongst the community at retail prices. Right. Anyway, the goal with everyone is to sell this $9.97. I mean, it's to sell this $1,000. Right. Well, how many of these do they sell to make $5? Okay, just five. You only need to sell five. That's easier to sell in a fucking 500 e-books. It's also easier than selling motherfucking hundred courses. If they can't afford the 16 weeks then you could down sale and right, but we're going for this. This is the game plan. Right. But the beauty of this is this is recurring. You have to do this. Of course, you have to sell a fucking hundred courses every month to no people. Because then I'm going to buy the same shit over again. You're not going to have a school group for online training. Oh, buddy wants to join you a fucking group ass of your school group. They get they want real training. They want you to work with them. Nobody's going to keep buying your e-book over and over again. So you've got to sell 500 every month to no people. Because then not going to keep buying it. This is recurring. This is how my students put up big numbers. They have a lot of clients who are paying them monthly or every 16 weeks. Boom. They hit their account. So this is what we're going to do. Online training and we're not going to sell fucking courses or e-books. All right. So boom. That's we already know what we're going to sell. We want to sell online training. I'm going to teach you how to train your clients later in this video. So they get great results and so this will take you a whole lot of time. And you'll be able to get better results for your online clients and you can't bring in personal clients. I guarantee you and you'll understand it once you finish watching the rest of this video. Next step, we will be figured out what we're going to sell. Now we need to figure out who we're going to sell to. There's two groups. There's your existing social media followers. All right. You might be thinking, hey, I don't have a big funnel and I got a small following. We only need five motherfuckers. You don't need to have millions of followers on all platforms like me. There's probably five people following you right now. If you're in decent shape, right? There's probably five people who could use your help right now. We need to get ready for summer instead of being all fat. You need to do this now. This is the good time to do it. It's still to be good. The year people still got their newest resolution going. And if you wait till summer it's going to be too late. It's the slow season for online trainers. People have already given up on their goals. The guys are going to have rock the dead by this summer and all the girls are like, oh, I guess I'm just going to date black guys this summer because I should have been pounds. It was black guys I know are dating a girl who weighs more than me and take those. So war that again we're going to start with your followers. That's the first group. You're existing followers. You don't need a huge following. We only need five people to pay us that. He's taking a market to your existing followers. You want to do three Instagram posts. He's going to be real because reals get the most reach. You impose on Instagram. Instagram is the platform is going to make you the most money. Three IG posts. Follow this script exactly bro. Don't fucking change nothing. Right? If you knew how to make $5,000,000 a day you wouldn't have clicked on this video. So the first you're going to do a voice over video. Remember, I assumed that you're fucking in good shape. You're going to have B-roll of you like, let the ways, look and shred it. Look at like an action hero. And what you're going to do is the voice over you're going to give them advice on something. Three tips to lose fat, three tips to build muscle, whatever area of expertise is. I'm going to show you example from one of my students, Jessica's Kelly Nicole Fit. I met her when she was in college. She joined my program, high ticket trainer. She said her goal was to not have to get a real job. Would you get out of the college, right? She started making 20k a month in college last year. She made $1.5 million in dollars. As an online trainer, I'm going to show you an example of one of her videos I want to make a video on just fucking top. Almost unnerated things you should be doing. If you want to lean out your core, like that number one get enough sleep. Not getting enough sleep will cause you to feel and look and flame and lead to poor recovery from your workouts. Now to mention, if you don't get enough sleep, you're also going to be hungrier, which will make hitting your protocols a lot harder. Number two, make sure all of your meals have fat in them. That's just the slowest, meaning it will keep you full list for longest. When you're in a deficit, this will help you stay on track of your protocols instead of being hungry 30 minutes after you eat. Number three, have meals and not snacks. Snacks are pretty calorie dense and typically low volume, meaning they're not going to keep you very full after you eat them. If you want to make sure that you're feeling safe shaded throughout the day, then it's important to have an actual meal. Number four, take a weekly or biweekly free meal so you can satisfy your cravings while staying on track for your goals. Do you want results like these? Just comment down below for our free follow us e-book, show you exactly how we get our clients lose 10 to 20 pounds, go like clockwork. You want to do something like it's going to be a video like three tips, four tips, some number tips. I'm going to make it easy for you to do assholes don't have to guess. You're going to do three tips that you build muscle, get abs, lose fat, whatever your shit is, right? And what you see what Kelly did, she just had B-roll, saw what her phone of her looking like the way her ideal clients want to look, right? Then I want you to have what's called a CTA. CTA stands for call to action. That's how I'm marketing turned. You learn it today. You're going to write in the caption, comment, pick a word, shred, alpha, red, whatever, be low, if you want, help with whatever your shit was about, whatever tip you had, whatever your video was about, right? So if you said so if you use three tips to get a six pack, comment, abs, below if you want help, get in the six pack. And I'm going to tell you why you're going to do it in a minute. The first one I want to show you to three videos, that's going to be CTA. This is going to have this CTA, it's going to be on all the videos. Now you can write more shit in the caption if you want. And I suggest you do maybe you actually like write out the tips in the caption and just have this at the bottom. So it's not just like a straight seal shit, right? You're going to write the tips in the caption, just read it to chat GPT, just open the fucking shit and just read what you would say anyway and say, hey, rewrite that for me as it is a gram caption, right? Don't. Now the second type of posts, you're not doing it on the same day, Monday, Wednesday and Friday, right, seven days. The next post you're going to do is going to be a walking video, right? You do the same shit, some sort of tips to give advice, give advice in a video. I'm going to show you example from one of my students, Cory Armstrong, like he's from a Detroit, Michigan, you recently moved out here because he got money now, right? He wasn't living in Detroit because he was rich and he was broke when I met him and broke in person training and making no money. I've been working when for the last two years, last year he made $600,000. As I'm not training, I'm going to show you kind of any of your rules, social media, substantially with a lot of the tips I told him. That's why videos can kind of like mine. All right, five hacks to lose that big ass belly, right? To lose that big ass belly fast as hell. Number one is track everything. Track the food, steps, calories, fluids, how much you weigh, body fabric, finish everything you can get your hands on so you have the most control over how you can manipulate those things over time as you see, how you're by the response to it. Number two, eat less. If you're looking the lose fat, you have to burn more calories than you could. So the problem is, most of you don't even know how much you can so many to know if you are creating that deficit of calories. And once you start to see how much you weigh, week to week from tracking those calories, just to increase the calories. Just eat a little bit less, but preferably, feel your diet up with foods that keep you full while you're in that deficit. Number three is, whole meals only, stop fucking snacking. If you snacking all day, you're snacking, essentially if you're snacking all day, you're comprising your diet primarily of food. Now watch what you're going to do. You're going to put the CTA in the video, foods that have very little to no nutritional value. And this is why you end up starving in hungry and always end up keeping your belly big as hell. Now if you want to leave that big belly behind and start from and leave in the habits and you want those last two hacks, comment the word course below and I'll send you my free course, the Big Belly Blast. All right, you ain't got a Big Belly Bass. And you ain't got time to make your ebook or free course. So you're going to do the same thing like we did in the last video where you just did a voiceover, this is going to be a different style. You're just going to walk. Fill me with your phone, super simple. I don't have time to explain you how to set up equipment and lighten it all that shit. Right, you ain't got time to learn that shit. Just go outside. Everybody can afford outside. Unless living the fucking projects or something, right, go somewhere nice, even you live in the projects man, go somewhere that looks nice, feelin' that outside, just give those tips and it to shit in cap cut, right, no fancy adding anything. You get the tips. Then you see Cory wrote the tips in his caption, this is what I want you doing on all of them actually, right? People actually read this, right? And then you also, you have a CTA at the bottom. Your CTA is going to be the same, right? But you were writing in the caption. Okay, I'm gonna tell you what you're going to do when they come in. You notice we're not saying, hey, I'm going online trainer, you know, let me train you by my shit. Here's the link, link in my bio and then that shit, which is helping people. The next video you're going to make, a transformation time lapse. It's going to be you, your transformation, right? You're probably, if you are in gray shape, you probably weren't always in gray shape, you didn't come out, look, oh fucking woo, look and like that, right? You, or even better, a client. You've ever trained anyone before, didn't use a client. If you've never trained nobody before, then you use you. Use yourself. Let me show you that. Let's talk about show you example from one of my students, co-written, sudden. He's from my end, Florida man. He's of a former Marine veteran, right? When I met him, he was, you know, straight, fresh out the Marines, trying to figure out how to, how to make some some real money. It said, in a percentage he was not a real believe discharge. He finished this tour in service. He joined my program in the current made over 500 K last year and he's done that for like three years in a row. I'm sure you have his sample, his time that video. I can't play the music, but it's nothing. He's not even talking. He's just a time lapse of one of his clients. You do that shit, but you do, you yourself or client. You know, they don't have to be as good as this, right? You just have to, I mean, as well, that is this, right? And who now, now look at them, yeah? But it could be you over the years or some shit. And what you're going to write here is either how you did it or what you did to help your client do it. And then at the end, guess what? Same exact call to action. The goal is just to get people to comment that word, shoulder interest, raise your hand. We're not trying to sell them from the fucking video. You don't need a whole fucking commercial and no silly shit like that. In fact, and then you want to say click the link in my bio to bio or no goofy shit like you just want them to comment. Remember, you need to make 5 to another 7 days. What you're going to do is you're going to DM each one of those people who comment that word below, right? Because they've showed interest. This is the third part of our plan, DM to Zoom. Let me explain why. You don't want to sell them in the DM. That shit is not going to work for you. I've done it. I know how to do it, but I got time to teach you that shit. And you and you got time to learn you guys 7 days. So we're going to use a more potent sales mechanism. We want to get them onto a Zoom call. And here's what we're going to do when you're talking to this person. Hey, some was so saw you commented the word on my post. Tell me more about your fitness goals. What are you trying to accomplish? And you start talking blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, you respond to that, you know, be normal. Then you say something to the effect of, how long have you been trying to accomplish that? You want to see how long they've been working on there. Especially if if they've been struggling with this for years. A lot of them want to say years. You know? And then you act in ... in your opinion, what do you think? are the main things that have been stopping you from accomplishing those goals. And then they'll tell you all the stuff cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool. Then you say, hey, if you want, we can hop on a Zoom, and I can help break down a game plan for you. How's that sound? Boom. And they should say, yeah. Right. You know what I think you schedule a time for it? Or if you take out time to hop on Zoom with them right then and there. If they're ready, you send them a Zoom link. And if not, you schedule a time for them. Don't send them a Cowlingly link. If you won't click it. You schedule the egg. What's how it works for you, man? What about you giving them some times and may work for them? Then once you're on Zoom with them, first of all, why do we go to Zoom? Well, because listen, man, remember to go. You might not know these motherfuckers that well, right? The goal is to get a thousand dollars out these motherfuckers. You know what I'm saying? Right. And exchange for the right to train them. You know, somebody's gonna spend a thousand dollars with you. They gotta know you. They gotta like you and they gotta trust you. But they might not trust them. If I could never talk to, I'd never gave a thousand dollars to someone I'd never spoke to. And I'm rich. No one's ever slated my DM and got a thousand dollars off me. Probably not you either. I don't think human beings behave like that. You gotta build up more rapport with them. And then you could also ask more questions, right? So if you know sales, then this is gonna be easy. I want time to teach you sales. And you want time to learn in seven days. So what you're gonna do is, you got all that information for them. You know about their goals. You know what's holding them back. And then you come up with like a game plan. Tell them what their macro should be. With their workout plans should look like. Tell them everything. Don't be afraid to give them all the information. And then at the end, they're gonna be a little overwhelmed. It's gonna be a big change for them, right? And you can ask them something like that, hey, man. So does this sound a little overwhelming? Or you feel like you got it? Which would like me to help you implement this plan. You gave in the game and just gonna sell an implementation. A lot of them, not all of them. But a lot of them will say, yeah, man, I would love that. We're like, all right, then you know, I can't train you for free, but this is what it's gonna look like. And you're gonna explain to them how it works. You're gonna break the whole thing down. And then you're gonna just say, and you know, and I charge $1,000 for 16 weeks of training. Some of them are gonna say, yeah, someone gonna say, no, if you're out here struggling for $5,000, you probably not an expert salesman. So you gotta go for volume. You want to get as many people when he's called as possible. Someone gonna say, yeah, right? Someone really gonna say, oh, man, I would. This is too much. If they say, no, then you offer them immediately for weeks for $300, right? Might be more digestible for them. Let's just do it monthly. There's no commitment, you know, cancel whenever you want. Lying in the live people take that. If they still ain't got no fucking bread, then you say, hey man, all right, listen, here's what I can do. We can just do a week by week. How's that sound? $80 a week. Lying in the live people say, yeah, now I could teach you how to do sales. I can teach my students. I could teach you how to overcome objections. You know what I'm gonna go this year. We try to do this this seven days, man. Now there's one more person. You can hit up. This is gonna be easier. Remember I say your friends and family. Right? So you don't know the easiest, just in followers. But you should also just send a text message to all your friends and family, send them this message. What's up? Uncle Dimitrius. I'm starting my own life in this business. Would you be interested in being one of my clients? It's gonna be easier with your friends and family. You shouldn't try to sell them like you would sell someone else, because they fucking know you admit some change of diapers to shit. They grow up with you. They take it in a chance on you. So hit up all your friends and family and just be real straightforward with them. You know, if you want to get them this kind of gambling, remember all you need is five people to say yes to this shit. But then it's still like how do you train them? It's very important. This is how you're gonna get better results for your online clients and most trainers get for the in-person clients. You've ever been in a gym, you've been in a gym. You see you fucking, some trainer parade and some asshole around the gym all the time. Having them do wacky as I exercise them. My fucker might be my fucking doing one leg cable rolls on a stability ball. All right, what does it like? Wacky shit, right? You know, and this motherfucker looked the same. Right? Why? I'm gonna sell you out. So I was an in-person trainer in the fucking 90s bro. I got damn bill Clinton administration. Some of you motherfuckers was watching Doria de Explore, fucking with Teller, Tubby, and Barney shit. Man, I was training 10 people at that. Right? First online training. And I know that online training is more effective than I'm gonna spell you out. When I was the in-person trainer, we put all the emphasis on the workout. And very little on a diet. Like, a in-person trainer may give you like some tips and ships, right? But they're not really tracking your mac rules and your calories every day, are they? No. No, they just give you some tips and tricks, right? But here's the thing. What's more important when it comes to getting a shape? Is it the training or the diet? Everyone knows it's the diet. But these people pay in-person trainers, the average in-person trainer in America gets paid $100 per hour. You have to see the training at least three times a week to get some decent results. Right? So now we're talking about $300 a week. Online training is only $80 a week. But it's also better and I'm sure you are. Right? And in big gyms, like, gympy Equinoxes, like $500 a session. That means these people are paying $1,500 a week. And then that even gets in diet. Then that even gets nutrition coach. And it's the most important part. You can't out-training a bad diet. But you can't out-diet bad training. And I realized this when I was a person trainer. I was like, man, we're putting the emphasis on the least effective part. So I said, fuck it. Let's flip this shit. I'm gonna put more emphasis on the diet. And I'll give them, I'll tell them what the work out, man. But they're formed is not perfect. Then I try to be in the fucking limpia. They're just trying to look good, right? Then I got the gold and the gridiron and compete against Patrick Mahomes or some shit. Right, you can't see him. They're just fucking regular guys and girls who want to look good. So if the form is not exquisite, they'll be fine. Right? But if the diet is on point, they're gonna get an amazing shape. This is more effective. So I realized I couldn't watch their form, but I could track their diet. So what I did, and this would you can do. You don't have to buy no expensive software or pay any money. You could do this all for free. I did it for free for years. I just used Google Sheets. And I just set up a spreadsheet with their macros and calories. And I told them how to track it. And I told them to put that in there every day. And then I put their work out in there. Google Sheets. Super simple. Share it to sheath with them. Now I can see in real time. I can see what their calories look like. I can see what their macros look like. Right? And here's the thing. They're doing it on their own. They're doing the workout and they're doing the diet on the own. I gave them the plan. I'm keeping them wet. A countable. You're going to get them a custom diet plan. Custom workout plan. The most important thing is you're going to keep them accountable. You're going to make sure they do it because they can fear to shit out on their own. What to do? But they're not going to do it. You know what to do. And you don't ever do it. Right? Think about when you didn't want to go to the gym. Last time you didn't want to do the gym, but yeah, Jim buddy was there. It was a lot more difficult for you to fucking flake on him. Because he was keeping you wet accountable. People behave better when they have a countability. And if you, so your job is a trainer. You're going to get them a custom workout plan. You're going to give them a custom diet plan. You're going to make sure they you're going to set up a Google sheet that you're going to chip. They're going to fill that out every day. And every day what you're going to do is you're going to look at their sheet and text them. No matter what, if they hit already numbers, did everything's supposed to do when they hit their macros and calories, they hit them up, yelled man, congratulations. You'll create job. Kill that shit. Let's keep up the good work. It didn't if they don't do it. And he was like, hey, James, what happened? What happened yesterday, buddy? What can I do to help you get back on trap? All right, so we can get this momentum back. And what's going to do it, what you're going to do is you're going to be giving a positive reinforcement when you do it right. And you're going to get negative reinforcement when you do it wrong. And what's going to happen is not only would you train them the way you're traditionally thinking about training, you're going to train them the way you train a pet or animal. Right? And that's how you train a dog or cat. You when you do something good, because hey, that's a good boy. Give them a motherfucking treat. Do that shit enough, man. Muffers will be doing backlips, sitting on his high layers or whatever the fuck people do with their dogs, man. Having doing stunts in shit. You know, right? And there's all based off positive reinforcement, right? But with the dog, it's a dog true up your food. You know, sit on the carpet, peel your girlfriend, then you, I don't know, pistol with it. I don't know what people do with their daughter. I never had a pack. Right, but maybe they spray. But why I don't know what you, you get what it means to have something. You do something to the negative reinforcement. The behavior you don't like the dog to continue to engage in. You understand what your client is? And you're not going to be mean to him. You're not going to piss the whip on. We can't do that anymore. Right? So what we're going to do is we're just going to hit him up. And play it. You know, just let him know that we're just supposed to have a happy man. What's going on? And what's going to happen is they're going to start tracking their calories. And it's going to start hitting their macros better. And all you got to do is think, here's a secret on my train. It's super easy. What you had to set up because all you had to do is get them to fucking track their macros. Let me show you a study. This is a study from Duke University. In this study, they had some fat boys. All they didn't give them a workout plan. Dipland nothing. They just said, hey, hey, fat boy. Just track your goddamn calories every time you eat something. Just track it. It might fit this power. You don't want to follow a dark man. Just track what you eat instead of just have has really put anything in your mouth like a hole. Just do it for three months. And without even giving them a diet plan, no workout plan, no protocol. The plan was nothing. Just track. Just the mere act of tracking the average participant lost five pounds in 90 days. Now you might think five pounds in 90 days. That's not a lot. That's not impressive. Until you remember they had no fucking plan. They didn't tell them to be in the chlor deficit. They didn't tell them to do keto. They didn't tell them to do anything to me to fast in. They didn't tell them to go on a paleo diet. Nothing. Just be fucking regular. And track it because people perform better when they track shit. And this study has been replicated multiple times. You can come up with a better plan than nothing. Right? Because this study shows that nothing worked. They gave them nothing and it still worked. You know, all you got to do is get the new track and everything. You got to be on. You got to hit your clients up every morning. And nothing you're going to offer 24 hours of support. This doesn't mean that they can hit you up any time of the night. This means a you will answer all their questions within 24 hours. What I like to do is I hit my clients a bit of morning. Check out on the shit boom boom boom and then in after and after noon I check to see if they had any questions. That's why all their questions can answer every 24 hours. I'm I'm keep it. In fact, I'm in touch with them every 12 hours. Now they're going to fill in the you know, come on man. That's valuable. That's worth $80 a week. That's worth $80 a week for short. They get a customer plan custom meal plan. You're going to keep them accountable every day and they're going to get 24 hour access to you. Man, you could also if you want, if you want this is optional, you want this sweet and the pot. Do checking calls with them once a week on a weekend. Set them a checking call. All right. You know you had to do that, but you can't. You know what they're taking call once a week. Boom. You got that's worth $80 a week. Especially when you remember it equals knocks is not even tracking the diet. The train is not even tracking the diet. None of that shit. And they're able to charge $5. $1 a session. If they see their clients three times a week, that's $1,500 a week. Right, you know, it's hard to eat. You know, they got this shit. And that's the dang plan. If you want some help with this, right, if you want to learn more about the online fitness game, right, if you want even more details this sound, it shouldn't be you just sound like you can do. I have an ebook called the tank of members of all my training. Click the link in the description right now. And download it is 100% free. And it gives you even more detail and you know, ways you can do this in a even more sophisticated manner. And it goes into more depth than what I was able to do in this video. All right, let's get it.