I know some of you guys are lazy bastards. It's fucking awful. However, I'm gonna show you how you can succeed even if you're lazy. You lazy. That's why you clicked on this video. However, you're also ambitious. You got all these goals that you set for yourself. You end up with a bunch of nothing. Because you've been lazy. I'm gonna show you in this video how you can still accomplish your goals even if you are lazy. This video's gonna be broken down into two parts. One, I'm gonna show you how you can utilize your laziness to your advantage and turn what was a flaw into an attribute. Then I'm gonna show you how to overcome that laziness and to build more discipline. All in one video. I'm able to do that because I'm not lazy. But you are, so get your no bad out. Hey attention. I'm sure you had to get some money. So, the first part, we need the harness, your disgusting laziness into a super bow. Like Ryan Halliday said, the obstacle is the way. When break this down in the three sections, let's see how we're like, and we're, I can draw all this. Huh? You're gonna make this. That's fantastic. I should have never doubted myself. Hold on. And that is good enough. Okay. So we'll break this down into three sections. So the first part is, you actually need to do less. Some of you guys aren't as lazy as you think you are. You're just trying to do too much. You have all these ambitions and all these goals and you want to learn an instrument. Speak it seven languages, start 20 businesses and be an international playboy. I want to accomplish all of that this month. And wabs is, you get kind of an analysis of paralysis. And wabs is your brain kind of doesn't know where to begin. And it just shuts down, you end up doing nothing. It's more of an overwhelm. I want you to think about last time that a bunch of tabs open, like you were on the corn hub or something, you know? And you had a bunch of tabs open trying to figure out where you're going to finish. And then you get to like the 50th of chrome tab and the whole thing just shuts down. That's what happens with your goals. You got too much shit going on and you're trying to do too much and you end up doing nothing. And your mental CPU crashes. But we also need to learn how to conserve discipline. You have enough discipline to accomplish some things. You just don't have enough discipline to accomplish all the fucking crazy plans you set for yourself. You're ambitious. You want to do a whole bunch of shit. Wabs is your spreadsheet self thin. This discipline is kind of like a gas tank. You have some discipline each day, but you run out of discipline. And here's actually a study that I found. The illustrates this, I'm not going to read this whole fucking study. But you can go read on your own. You call it ego depletion. So ego, yeah, don't mean like self-selfish ego on scientific terms. This is what they mean for like willpower discipline. Right? And the more you use it, the less you have. And it goes for everybody. The thing is you have enough to accomplish one of your goals. You just don't have enough to accomplish everything. And that's why you end up accomplishing nothing. So because that we're going to do less, we're going to focus on one goal. You want to find one major goal to focus on. Oh, here's some special happens when you start breaking it down like this. Once you're doing less and you have your focus on one major goal, then you have what? Focus. And then you're doing less and you're conserving your discipline. That gives you efficiency. See if I can squeeze that in here. Hey, I shouldn't have never doubt on myself. All right, that gives you efficiency. When you've conserved your discipline and you're waiting to use it on the one goal, the thing is important, that gives you intensity. So now you're intensely focused on one goal and now you're going to be more what efficient. Right? You just got to use your discipline more and more efficiently. How do we do this? What does it look like? All right, so it looks like this. I'm going to set this up. First thing we need to figure out is what's going to be your one goal? We'll say main goal. You need to figure out what that's going to be. I know you might have all these plans and all these stuff you want to accomplish watching YouTube videos on how to accomplish goals because you can't accomplish goals. Right? So don't try to do 30. Let's master one because what you want to do is you want to pick the one goal that will make everything else easier or unnecessary. I think that's always going to be a monetary goal. An income goal, personally. You might have some goals going on, but I can't think of anything. They can't be easier or unnecessary with more money. For example, my boy Jeremy is on a way lost journey. Let's call it for a long time. And it I was even coaching him. He wouldn't track his macros consistently and I fired him as a client. I said, hey, I don't know how to do this shit. I'm not fucking with this no more. I would not allow you to ruin my reputation as an expert trainer. So a fire there was a client or still for instance. One of my best friends. However, he found a way around him. He found a trainer who's more patient and poor than me who he's able to pay a lot of money. And what he does is he takes pictures of his food. Everything he's eaten or tells him everything he's eaten. And the trainer tracks his macros for him. And he gets a breakdown at the end of the day of how much he ate and midday the guy was hit on my head. You have this many more calories left for dinner. Here's any gizz options. I say that to say because he had money, he was able to solve that problem. He made everything easier. I think you should pick a goal that will make all your other goals easier or unnecessary. You want to get a girlfriend. Hey, maybe you get some money. You want to get a shape? Hey, maybe you get some money. Maybe you hired the best trainers, buy the best food. That's my idea. But whatever, you pick one mango. Then you're going to have other goals, right? But we have one mango. And these other goals are going to help you accomplish the mango. And I call these offensive goals and defensive goals. Let me give you example. Let us say you're smart and you pick your mango to be get some fucking money. Gradulations, your intelligence. So offensive goal may be in a second job. Start your business. Learn a high income skill. Those are offensive goals. But see these goals support the mango. And then a defensive goal is going to be something that prevents anything occurring that can hinder your progress. So if you got a girlfriend, you might have to take that bitch on a date and shit. Right? Otherwise, she's going to start tripping. And she's going to impede your hustle. And she's going to start tripping. They all that shit. Right? So you maybe date nights as a defensive goal or facing relationships with a defensive goal. Or for me, if something goes wrong with my son, everything stops from my son, everything stops. One of my defensive goals, this is just make sure I keep building that relationship. We're having to make sure that I'm influential to him and spending a lot of time with them. It's a defensive goal because I love spending time with them. But also, if I don't and something may, you know, he may start acting out in school or you might have some emotional issues. Who knows what happens? Defends of goals. Right? And then you want to have selfish goals and altaristic goals. Now, again, everything on this side are result goals, meaning that these goals will be the results of you accomplishing your main goal. So a selfish goal, it might be, hey, maybe you want to rich your meal. Maybe you want a new car. You need that motivation because if it's just like, oh, I want to save the fucking whales, right? Yeah, it's cool, right? But you want to have selfish goals as well. And you want to have altaristic goals. These are things you may do to help other people, right? But it's going to be a result in your main goal. So maybe it's like, okay, now I can buy my mom a car, get my mom out the hood. If you're online trainer or something, like, man, I just want to change people's lives. You know, I just want to help people get healthier. But these are the result of your main goal. These are like process goals. These help you accomplish the main goal. And this way, everything is congruent. Right now what most of you want to fuck is due is you got this is you and you got one goal to go to this direction, right? You got one goal in this direction. You got another goal in this direction. You got another goal in this direction. And you're going all over the place. And this how you go nowhere fast, right? Because your goal is not congruent. You want all your goals to go in one direction. That this is you're doing this reverse hairy style shit and on the network. What we wanted to do whenever our goal is like hairy styles and one one direction. Right? So all your goals need to be moving towards the main goal. That's what we want, right? And that's what this facilitates. Now everything is congruent. A lot of you your goals aren't congruent. I've really talked to people who wanted to have a great relationship with their wise, but they also wanted the fuck, you know, man bitches. Right? Those goals aren't congruent with each other. Like you got your goals got to be congruent. Now what's going to happen here is because now because nag nag doing reverse hairy styles anymore and everything's moving more direction, you're doing what this is how you can serve your energy. You're going to cut everything else. And I'm not saying you don't ever do the other goals that fall outside of this. You don't ever go after him. You just don't go after him now. When you accomplish the main goal, it will make accomplishing these other goals that you had that are outside of this diagram. It'll make it easier. That's why I say you should pick an income goal. Because if your goal is to travel the world, that actually falls in line, right? Because now that's the selfish goal, that's a result goal. Right? But if your goal is something that's outside of this diagram, if you get money, it'll be easier. But now you can serve in energy and you can serve in discipline. This is super critical. And you want to do that. So it's really, you got to say fuck everything else. Fuck everything else. If it's not in this diagram, fuck everything else. Because you are lazy. That's why you clicked on this video. That's why you're watching this now. So because that just know that about yourself and work with it, work with it, just do what you need to do to accomplish this goal. Don't try to do a whole bunch of other shit. Because remember like the example with those chrome tabs, that's going to be you. It's going to shut down. And the key is to have one goal, one main goal. And the other things, process goals or result goals. Things that help you accomplish the mango or results of the mango. That's it. Now there's another thing you need to do. Remember I told you, I was going to talk about showing you how to increase your discipline. It was kind of clickbait because I really believed that discipline is overrated. It sounds cool to say, you don't need motivation. You just need discipline. Disciplines like I guess thing. You only have so much of it each day. What if you could actually turn up the motivation? So you didn't need discipline. The motivation means you're excited to do something you want to do it. You don't need discipline if you're motivated. discipline means doing what you're supposed to do when you're supposed to do it. What do you want to win? But you gotta remember there are studies that show you only have so much of that shit per day. So instead of just trying to turn up the discipline. I don't know what I'm saying you should. It's a good attribute to have. I look at discipline like I use it in case of emergencies. I think it's easier and more effective to turn up the motivation. So discipline is not necessary. Let me show you what that looks like. There are three layers to this shit. Now this could have been its own video. However, I'm not lazy. You lazy. Three layers to this shit. I know I'm an amazing artist. Just try to relax about it. All right. So the first layer is what I call a state control. Thank you, John. This is your mental state your emotions. You gotta be able to it better. I control in your emotions. Because remember, motivation is just an emotion. What are emotions? Emotions are nothing but different neural chemicals going off in your brain. That's what emotion is. Four chemicals like open means serotonin. Different neural chemicals going off in your brain. You can manipulate your neural chemistry in order to call on different emotions that will. And I'm going to show you how to train yourself to call along motivation. Now you can do this for any emotion, right? You can call on determination. You can call on happiness. You can call on bravery. These are just emotions. I'm going to show you how to do that with state control. There's three different ways to control your state. We're only going to focus on one or the three. But I'll tell you what three. Three ways are one, you can control your physiology. Somebody's like, moving around like this. They're going to get sad. They're studies that show when people smile, laugh. When they control their physiology, they actually start to feel better. That's why I have a trampoline on one of my balconies. And I make people just jump on it sometimes when they come to the crib. Because I never see somebody bounce on trampoline in that smile. Never. If they train their physiology, it changes the neural chemicals go off in the head. You know, some dwarfens start to go off. You can change your emotions with your physiology. Number two is changing your environment. It goes for your asshole physical environment, but also the people that you're around. For example, you know, you ever clean your room or walk into a clean space and you feel better. You feel good. But you and Dirty has messy room. You might feel different. It has effect on your emotions. Or the people you're around. You ever see like a puppy or happy baby running into a room laughing and everybody kind of lights up. The emotions are contagious. Or you may be a room and everybody's feeling good. And if somebody comes in all fucking mean and angry, it changes the engine in the whole room. You experience that because the emotions are contagious, right? So your environment, the second way to control your emotions, but the most powerful way to control your emotions is what you focus on. The focus rule is the quickest way to change your emotion in the most powerful. Whatever you focus on, you're going to feel whether it's real or not. For example, I can demonstrate this right now. If you have a pet on what you imagine, you're pet walking into your room looking at you slowly. And then just die. Some of y'all got sad right now. I'll just be saying that. I show you your fucking pet is fine. He's doing great. But just the thought of it made you sad. Or if you think imagine a loved one died, you may get sad. It's not even real. Whatever you focus on, you're going to feel even if it's not real. So we got to control our what, our focus. So it looks like this. Oh, this is Madral Isburr. All right. So you want certain results. But the results are going to come from your actions. But your actions is important to come from your state, what's state hearing. When I say the actions control your state, not only is it controlled, what you do. If you're in a bad state like somebody died in your superset, you might skip your next work out. And it would make a lot of sense. So you too sad to go to the gym. Or even if you did go to the gym, it probably wouldn't be your best workout. If you think about your dead home, you just died a minute ago. Right? Your state not only will it affect whether you do the action or not. If you do the action is going to affect the quality of the action. All right. I'll give you an example before, but it bears repeat. Right. Let's say you get a blow job from two girls. One of them is like, do I have to? She gives you a sad lazy. She's disgusted blow job. She can't wait to his over. It's a blow job. But because of her state, it wasn't really the best. Then you got another girl. Oh man. She's been dreaming about it. Well, it's a one of her favorite things to do. It's a hobby of hers. Blow jobs. And she's so excited. You know what I'm saying? You whip that thing down. She's like, ah. And she dies on that motherfucker like a loose ball at the Super Bowl. They both did the same thing. But they did it with different state and different states. Which one is going to be better? Let's use a less crude example. Let's say you want to be a good father. That's the result you want a good father. So the action you take in more time, which are kids. Right. But let's say you're fucking pissed off a man in angry. But just spend in time with your kids. That might be worse than last minutes I went in a row. You might fuck up their whole day. Being all mad. Yelling at them over simple shit. Right. But if you're in a great mood, super excited. When you when you when you're spending time with your kids, the result is oh man, I had a great day with it. Same action. But because you did it in a different state and affected the quality of the action. Or you just might not do the action at all. You might not have performed the action at all. Right. So what we got to do is we got to troll our what? Our focus. Because the focus is how you change your state. And I'm going to explain to you how you can do that. But first of all, we just need to make those steak and shows the most important part. You can think about the result. What happens if you do this? You can also think about what happens if you don't get that result. Like sometimes negative visualizations can motivate you to go in the right direction. You know, I don't want that to happen. And you do it well. The best way to change your focus is what we want to do. You want to have too list. You want to have. You've heard me say it before. You're some of y'all know what's coming. Right. The list of great and the list of hate. Let's go over to list of hate first. List of hate. I want you to make a list of all the people. Whoever talks shit about you. All the people who ever did you wrong. All the people who said you couldn't do something. All the them with the tractors, a fish is missing for hopes. Everyone who said you could not accomplish your goal. Make a list every day you want to look at this list. Put it on your apple notes. Hit it to the top. Look at that list every day. I start my day off looking at this list of hate. And that way I know if I don't accomplish my goals. The fuck in haters win. Guess what? I'm more motivated. It would not take as much discipline after that. I'm like, oh, no, I can't let the haters win. I got a flex on these haters. Punish them with success. Because we can't punish them with violence anymore. Make them regret what they said. And you also could remember someone said you couldn't do something. And you don't do it. Where the hell you know you? Maybe they were just right. The only season you that we don't want that to be our only motivated factor. We want because we don't want to like approach today with anger. We also want to have a list of great. You know, you imagine a version of yourself that already accomplished the goals you're trying to accomplish. And then make a list of all the attributes this person have. What time does he wake up? What time does he go to sleep? Does he fucking waste time playing video games? Is he jacking off all day? Or is he, you know, going after his goals? Is he working hard? Is he is he diligent? Is he focused? Is he playing out every day in his calendar? Right? If you do that, what's going to happen is now you got a north star. So you got to list a hey, endless, the great. You're going to happen is you're going to change your association with paying in pleasure. What does that mean? So Seagman Freud, the father of Montessar College, he said that every human, every decision everyone makes is either because they're moving towards perceived pleasure or they're moving away from perceived pain. So right now you associate pain with working hard. You associate pain with tracking your maclos. You associate pain with hitting the gym. You associate pain with do all these things, right? And it takes discipline to do the things you associate pain with. And you associate pleasure with, you know, only things, jacking off all the fucking bullshit vices, alcohol, you associate pleasure with this. What happens is the list of hey in the list of great. It starts to rewire your association with paying in pleasure. So after repeated exposure to your list of great, you're going to start feeling good about doing the things that are going to get listed great. You're going to be motivated to do those things. And the things that help the haters win, welcome procrastinating, bullshit, fucking around. You're going to start associating pain with this. Like if I if I fuck around accidentally sleep in or you know, or some happens, I'll fuck a hate myself. That's how she'll be. I'm super hard on myself because you know, I associate pain, massive pain with anything that helped the haters win. Can't anything that approved the haters? Why? I associate pain with it. And I associate pleasure with doing the things. They'll meet a complexion of my goals. They shit on the haters. So I've changed the association. So now once you've changed, once you start to associate pleasure with the things that you list and pain with the things with doing the things that help the haters win, it will only discipline anymore. It only takes discipline to do things that you associate pain with. But if you change the associations, you don't need this. This is really the only way I know to change your association with pain and pleasure, right? So anyway, stay control is one method out. I went a little deeper on that than not just the list of hate, but there's also the other two ways to change your state at any moment if it's theology and your environment, right? Then the next thing you got to do, you have to make it a must. You don't get what you want, you get what you have to have. Think about all the goals you wanted to accomplish in your life that you did not accomplish. All your failures. But the things you had to have, or just good ideas, things you wanted. I know to answer today. You don't answer today. If you had to have me with a habit, it was just good ideas. You didn't want it enough, right? You made some bullshit excuse. This is why we only have one goal. And the main goal, you can only have so many of these must, right? Everything else should be a nice to have and you won't get those things, right? But you want to make it a must. You know, Mr. Hayden, Mr. Great, helps with that as well. It really helps with that. It makes it a must, right? I talked about this earlier, but one of the reasons why people find themselves being inconsistent is because they accept it. Because they think they tell themselves it's okay when they miss a workout, or they tell themselves it's okay, you fuck up on a diet. I don't. If you talked with a child, the way I talked to myself, it would take that child from you. It would be considered verbal abuse. Like, I don't talk to my kids or anyone the way I talked to myself. Because I'm super mean that it's naked. You have to be, you have to be hard on yourself, pause and lean near with others. But you, you, you, you, you, you, you know, focus a two-eat hearing yourself. It's not a must. You got to make it a must. And it looks to hate, it looks to great what help with that. But when it's a must, then you'll want to do the things. One thing you could do to help make it a must. My favorite white science man, Andrew Huberman, he talked about this as well. That's how you know it's real. And he said that he references studies. They showed that actually envisioning what happened if you don't accomplish the goal. In studies was more effective than visualizing what would happen. I'm saying to both, but you definitely want to add that to your list of hate too. Not just the people, but imagine what happened if you don't accomplish the goal. And make it really bad. But we got to do is we got to raise our standards. We will not rise to your ambitions. We'll fall to your standards. So instead of saying, and I'm trying to lose 10 pounds. They know I will lose no less than 10 pounds this year. Instead of saying, man, I'm trying to get to $10,000 a month. I refuse to make less than $10,000 a month this year. And make it a fucking must raise your mother fucking standards. And if you falter from your standards, fucking be mean to yourself about it. Don't make it easy. Don't self-souv yourself, man. Why girls from California do that shit, right? You need to be fucking art on yourself. Be lenient with other people. I never tried to impose my beliefs. I don't try to tell other people what to do. But you need to be super hard on yourself. You got to make it a fucking must. Otherwise you won't get it. It's going to be just another one of your fucking bullshit ideas. And never come to fruition. You got to get fucking serious about it. And then the next step to do that is you want to change your identity. How do we change our identity? I'm definitely not going to tell you to start talking to yourself in the mirror. Like some white chick who collects rocks. We're not going to do shit like that. What we're going to do is we're going to start acting in congruence with what we put on our list of great. Remember, to list of great. You're supposed to imagine a version of yourself who already coped to the goals. And write down as many of his attribute as many of his attributes that you could think of. Once you start behaving in that way in congruence with that, then you'll start to believe you are that mother fucker. Because you are. Socrates he said you are what you repeatedly do. Excellence is a habit. If you are repeatedly doing the shit that the guy who accomplish your goals would do, guess what? You'll start to believe you are that mother fucker. Now if you got to do it, everybody, you got to track it. That's why I have something to a tool for you guys. For habit tracking, it's called the Victory Vision planner. And the reason it's so important is because not only does it keep you accountable, but it does something more important than that. When you start tracking your habits, of course, keep you accountable. But it starts to change the way you see yourself. Link is in description. You can download the Victory Vision planner. There's a video on how to use it. It's a link if you want to get on my coaching for me, but you can ignore all this shit or you can watch it. You should watch this video. But it's a one-part call. This success tracker. It's a free notion template. It's free. I have some pretty loaded for you. Right? Would you get calories and macros? You can click here and add more habits that you want to track. And you can see your average or you can make it see how many times you do. These things, how many are checked, you know, a percent broke. And what's going to happen is if these are, if the habits you put on here are things that are congruent with what's on your list of great. You'll have a record of you behaving in the way that the kind of person who would accomplish your goals would behave. How could you not believe it? Don't fake it to you. Make it be it until you believe it. And once this is who you are, once you change this shit to who you are, it's not going to take discipline. This is who you are. One of my boys used like man, Brandon's one of most discipline people every day. He always tracks his macros and everything. And like, yo, that's your don't take discipline for me. That's normal shit. Right? That's like you brushing it tea every day. It doesn't take discipline. I just do it. That's who I am. Once you start doing these things, it will make discipline. Not as necessary. You may need some discipline here and there, right? But you want to make it less necessary. If you got a David Goggins your way through life, it's going to be more arduous than an East to a country. You're going to use a more like energy and mental and physical and mental mental energy and you need to, but if you can actually motivate yourself and get pumped up to do the shit, you can't. You can control your emotions. Motivation is emotion. If you can control that and you got it, and you want to say discipline for when you need it. Instead of just trying to be a fucking discipline robot all day, say before when you need it, but change is so you don't need it as much. That's the real secret. Hey, listen. You need to learn more about this, this, this Victor revision plan. The links in the description can down the free, whatever video that you want to write on how to use this, we're brace it down. Because there's a goal plan in part of it as well. You want to watch that video. All right.