I know a lot of you guys want to learn how to make some more money. You guys always ask me about drop shipping or some suckership like that. But there's a better way. And my main Ryan came through to talk about Amazon FBA. He owns a company. Can you explain people what to feel by Amazon is how somebody can make money doing it? Where nobody knows this industry better than you. If you want to sell Amazon FBA, we should start with just the basics. And a lot of that is it's acquiring contracts first from distributions and manufacturers. And that might not be a lot to you guys. But when it comes to the traveling, we talk about flying from your home and taking time away from your families and spending time where it matters most, which I know we all have to do that for work. But I'm talking about sometimes you're away from home weeks at a time. And you're knocking on people's door that sometimes don't even want to give you the time of day. And it takes you having to dial down not just you having the money to spend, you have a million dollars in your bank account. These people don't want to sell to you. Until you show that you've taken the time to get a distribution license, where you've taken the time to acquire a warehouse, where the fact that you have 100 employees that you pay a hundred thousand dollars a month for every single month just to keep the doors open. And I'm not saying that you guys don't have the access to do those things. Maybe you do have the access to do those things. But it also now comes to the monotony of understanding Amazon's Terms of Service, which if any of you guys have ever studied the tax code before, which I know that the majority of you listening this never have, that's what Amazon's Terms of Service is like. That's why it's important to have a law team or having a team that studies that on a database to know what the ever-changing policies are like inside Amazon. That way you don't ever step over the line and you continue to make money on Amazon's platform. Yes, there's a trillion dollar pie that's my Amazon. And yes, there's a lot of money to make on Amazon's platform. But if you don't take step-by-step precautions and do all of the things that we just talked about, which again. So a lot easier, 7-Done. I would say that it's not even worth trying to make money on Amazon. It's not even worth it. So like all these guys saying you could make money, but Amazon had BA in the sell you to FBA course. You're saying it's not easy if they make a sound. I would go as far to say this. I know there's another team that they're here in this city and they've switched up and they've moved to another platform because they have all the things that we've talked about. But they just missed one step and now they're currently in a 7-and-a-half million dollar lawsuit. Amazon's holding a ton of their money. And I don't even know that they necessarily did every single thing wrong, but all it took was one hiccup and one skipped step. And I think a lot of it had to do with the fact that they didn't have those letters that are associated with all the traveling that we talked about. Because you feel like you can get away with it sometimes when you start making an XYZ of money. This isn't one of those things where you can just make part-time money. It is very much a full-time job and then some. That's why I say you need a team employed because you need people around the clock watching and saying what's going on. Especially if you had your own money on the one. Last thing in the world you'd ever want to do is put $100,000 in your own money inside Amazon. You felt like you did everything right. Yeah. You missed a step and then you'd get the right to hold your cash. So what is it when I see all these people saying that they have their own Amazon business and they're fucking buying shit wholesale and shipping it in Amazon is like that's not real anymore. It's not. There's a reason why a lot of those people are out of business and they're bankrupt. They hear today going tomorrow. There's a reason why we've been here for the last day years. That's because I've made sure that I followed every single step and I've fallen in line with their code but at the same time even though we're entrepreneurs we provide it on a business, we follow our own market we all have some rules to follow one way or another. Mine just happens to be a piece of a trillion dollar pie. So it makes sense for me to be able to provide an opportunity for other people to be a part of that because the more people that could be a part of that for me and all the things that we've built the team that I pay for in a month, month basis, the bigger slice that pie that I get every single month, I eat the bigger slice that pie that you get. Again unless you have all those resources you can't do that. It's not possible to do anymore. When it reads the zero able succeeds because you have a lot of people investing and have stores you get you buy the products at bulk or it's one of the pieces. I mean I have a team that specifically does product research that my other team that travels and goes and networks with these teams that are out these distribution events, which by the way you can't even get into the door unless you can show receipts certificates and things of operation that show that you're compliant by the state, compliant by Amazon, compliant by wholesale, you can't even get in the door. That might be, that's the first step. You get in the door. Another is what you look for. Now I got the money and the account, which is the next step the most people can't do. I now have to convince those people to allow me to be able to sell an Amazon because most people have had a bad, we'll call it awakening with Amazon because those people that you're talking about have bought from those places had a bad opportunity with the way they set up Amazon's operations because they skipped those steps. Not only do they lose the product, they lost the seller. Those companies don't even want to do business with Amazon anymore. So they didn't just ruin the opportunity for people in the marketplace. They also ruined it for companies that could have made more money and did big scheme of things like, quote, like a big brand. Like one of the dude wipes was a big one. I went and talked to them and they're like, oh no, we dealt with this so before. And I went and looked into the metrics that company got shot down three years ago. I looked at the product development versus their competitor. They were literally losing a little over 1.3 million dollars every single month just to a competitor that knew how to actually position and sell their product versus them trying to do with themselves. How to sell it on Amazon? Yes, just on their platform. Regardless, like how big your brand is, like it's $15 million every single year is nothing to blink at. And that's the difference between somebody that knows how to do it versus somebody that just throws something in the wall and says that they know how to do it. So you have a exclusive deals with a lot of it with these manufacturers suppliers. Yeah. So they want to get it, they got to get it through you. That's a big part of it. Yeah, I also have the money. I had that the money to spend it to do it. So the more people that I have, the more buying power that I have. Like when we acquired a one specific brand, I won't drop a name, but everybody likes to take their kids there. I had to come up with $600,000 to spend in the matter of seven days. And that was this whole ordeal on how that happened in the first place. We went to a toy expo and met an individual. He did the same thing. He heard all about all these Amazon automation companies that are doing their thing. And it just seemed like something that I was just trying to throw and throw and throw and see what was going to stick in the wall. And he called me one day and my dream Sarah Soda is like an hour and a half north of Fort Bars. Our warehouse is located five minutes down the river from Amazon's biggest performance center in Florida. Fort Bars, Florida. And they go, I say, I'm about to pull up your warehouse in 11 minutes. We just shut down shop like 15 minutes ago. I'm going to my warehouse manager. I'm like, hey, this guy's in the way there. He wants to come see everything. He wants to make sure that it's AC and climate controlled. We're really air conditioned. We take care of the products. We're doing everything that we say that we do. I need to get everybody back in their ASAP. After rushing and going to this whole crazy experience with no heads out, by the way, he goes, all right, everything checked out. This is your minimum work quality. Your MLQ, you've got to meet a $600,000 balance, place the first order in the first seven days. You do that, you acquire the contract. I'm like, okay, so this is how we're playing ball now. So the people that think that they just want to get into this for like every day sellers or want to be an FBA experience. If you want to get contacts or you want to get access to products like that that are selling a single day, the smartgins and these things that people are talking about. You can go about it the right way by doing things like that. Or you can go about it the wrong way. And even though it might sell and make you a margin on Amazon, when they ask for that documentation and the company that you went through yourself did do what we did, they have to write to hold your products and hold your money. It actually makes a lot of sense to work with someone like you. What's it like? It's to say, I got a bunch of bread. I want to get involved. What's the process like start to finish for it, for the investor? I'm going to walk you through the procedures of Amazon. I want to get you through the initial application to set up. I'll go through all of your procedures to make sure that you meet legal compliance. And I'll make you a legal wholesaler in the state of Florida or whatever state you're in. And then I'm going to attach you. I'm going to co-sign for you, which is part of what already inflates the value of your store. You're already getting interest in your store for you can sell a product. Most people don't even have access to sell some of these products. I'm going to co-sign for you no different than if you had poor credit and you were getting that car. Put your name on these applications and you now have the capability of buying some of these products. If I do that for you, after we go through other legal compliance, you're going to fund the store anywhere from 15 to 20 grand a start to store off. And I'm going to buy and wholesale quantity as part of the pallets that are shipping to the warehouse, a portion for you, the 15 to 20 thousand dollars in products. Okay. I'll then list them on your store. It's a little slower at first. You got to get some movements, some traction moving inside Amazon. But it's the difference of selling this product out within some time, 30 to 45 days to sometimes if you're doing 15 to 20 grand, it's gone like two to three days. Really? And you say that don't average again. How much? What percent on that 10 to 15 grand? Anywhere from 18 to 22 percent. Every 30 to 45 days is the actual average. Then you just keep flipping that money. It's over and over and over and over again. So they were if you wouldn't even need the money you would just need a credit card. If you look with it, wholesale is a little bit different. It's the very first time I was a firm believer for a very long time that if you used the debit card you were broke. I know that might sound a little crazy and ass-known. And most people are listening right now because credit's king. And maybe we could flip if we're doing something that's more like a fun to count traditionally. But when you get in with some of these bigger providers, they're giving you ACH instructions. They're not giving you a credit card or something for the $500,600 orders. So yeah, we could liquidate some of those things for you. I'm not eating the fee. I don't mind doing it for you. But there's no way you need to have the cash. But it's going to cost them to be flipped. Like it gets to positive back in your count of 14 days. Got it. We'll come back to you. Yeah, so you can keep flipping the same money. And then once you progress to over time, like to give you guys context, the state in which my wife and my stores and like every 10 days, they have like this little gold button that's like a direct deposit of funds. I don't know if we're pushing over time. But I'd rather get my money deposited in my count of last two to the later, like eight days is a big time when you, you know, can do that two or three times throughout the calendar month. So rather than get paid out by weekly, I just get paid out every nine to ten days. This is indefinitely cool. Keep running the same play and definitely do you have more money. You can do that more money. Yeah. Well, the idea is they're to grow you and grow scale. So like when you first start off, you might get a two and a half by two and a half or three by three square on Amazon's platform. You have to prove your worth. Regardless of like, I could be the best friends with the owner of Disney. They won't let me sell Disney products until I earn my right. Got it. Which like there's a quote, I don't get the exact number. We'll just say like it's north of a thousand products you get to sell first. You don't make money unless the investor makes money. Right. That's a beauty of it. Right. If somebody wanted to get involved with this, how would they get in contact with you? We're everywhere. If you guys want to look at someone, greatwillfromvesting.com, greatwillfromvesting on YouTube, sales got us all the personal pages. If you guys are low-court anywhere in Sarasota, you might have heard of us. We got a word to cue the city in the city of Sarasota by the mayor. Hey, that was a really big one. And then very recently, look at this a couple of years ago now, we joined the National Association of Holseo, which we got our first government contraction, Washington, DC. So congratulations. Yeah, appreciate you, brother. All right, y'all good. Thank you, man. Appreciate it. Awesome, man.