The living king has lost his damn mind. I guess I could have uttered that sentence any time over the last five years. And it would have been applicable. Good. The BIN CRAZY. But now he's breaking the law crazy. Like before he was just eating animal testicles. And doing all sorts of other weird shit, you know? But it wasn't illegal. If you only seen him, he got arrested. He was making terrorist threats against Joe Rogan. And if he was released, this is mug shot right here. Look at that face. Like four years older than me. Anyway, life comes at you fast. He's under order to undergo mental health evaluation. And his subject to a restraining order. So you may be thinking, if you haven't been caught up, cause he's doing, man. Let's check it out. Pull it up. Just pull it up too. The capital of Texas. What's the capital of Texas? Houston. Houston. Houston. You're dead. You're dead. He said you did. Do you something, Robert Joe Rogan? Cause he had been making all types of fucking videos about Joe Rogan, man. Like check it out, man. I think this is when he starts. Joe Rogan, I'm calling you out. My name's Licolene. Man to man. I'll pick you a fight with you. Yeah. I have still trading. He's holding guns. I don't know if there was a real or replicous. I got to prison my amyue as like real guns. I look like this. It was hard to tell. You did to your laptop. You should dismantle me. I'm picking a fight with you. You're old. Whenever you want me to wait, I'll wait. I'll wait for 90 days. Oh yeah, that's music in the video. I'll tell you. I'll tell you, I'll come to you. Whenever you're ready to go. I'll want to buy a place. I'll buy a place. That's enough of that. After that, he started to go crazy. Like I was watching this shit. I was invested. And my fucking stink that is marketing. My fucking stink is fake. But here's the thing. I don't think it's fake at all. Because I've seen crazy people. And I've also seen drug addicts. A lot of my life. This man is both. This is drug induced mania. I can look at him off of his eyes until the smoke. This shit is real. He's lost it. I've poured anything in everything. Because Joe Rogan, we don't have to make videos to pretend anymore. All of this is happening. We're coming to you. I've challenged you man to man. Whoa, would you guys? What's up with his teeth? Honorable. And we don't have to protect. Listen, I'm from the South South Chicago. And I've seen junkies. You can't pretend to be a junkie. I mean, maybe like Hollywood or some shit, right? I'm looking at a junkie. I know what dope thing you want. When I see one. And I'm not just talking about raw leads or trend or no other shit. This is recreational drug use. And there are making any videos. The world is watching. And they'll make the videos for us. And you don't have to hold a camera. You can hold the hand of somebody that you love because what happens next to you. You're going to need to remember that feeling. You're going to need something more than what you did to give you something to fight for. Because I have my family to fight for. That's, and they're all die for them. You know that. And you're a black belt. But you've never come across something like this. Well, in today, hoping that you'll choke me out of a greater guard because that's a dream come true. It feels good. And then the limbs fighting for my family. So limb, limb, limb. Here's what he's saying. His name is not marketing. Because we're crazy people do is they make up all these scenarios in your mind. This is what happens when you do such a reality. It's like I'm fighting for my life. I'm fighting for my family. He made all this shit up in his head. Joe Rogan wasn't thinking about this. What the fuck? His mind. He's got a fight Joe Rogan for his family. That is a motherfucker who has lost such a reality. This is not marketing. This is a fucking crazy person. I've seen this before. I've seen people in my life like lose touch with reality. This is what it looks like. Go ahead. But this, but then you have to continue something else. Now, I don't know what's up with this motherfucking yuck now. I don't know what that is. I don't know why you. Why is Maldives blue? He's my fucking little like stink. He's like a swollen ass Oscar to grab. Like a boss to grab his dead steroids. This is what it would look like. And I weigh 177 pounds in actual savage. And so at first you're like fuck that guy. Fuck that guy. See what he's saying? Joe Rogan is not even thinking about this motherfucking. This is a person who was straight up. Trip and he's lost it for reality. What happens when people like really lose it? I've seen this before. They make up all these scenarios. So he's actually making up scenarios. He's like man, I'm fighting for my life. I'm fighting for my children. It's all in his head. When you're all of a sudden, you dig your attention, which I already did before this. You're saying I'm going to choke that motherfucking piece of fucking shit. I'm going to choke him out. Joe Rogan never said that. Right? That's all in his head. So what you're doing, you're an Andrew, a good warrior, but good warriors. Nice bringing Andrew take me. It's like this shit. Nobody's thinking about this motherfucking man. Yeah, we don't have to watch more that. This is motherfucking who is lost, but this shit kept going on. So when I hear people say this is fake, but it's not like this. There's nothing fake about what's going on in this motherfucking space. I know junkies want to, let me just put this perspective. He is four years older than me. Look at my face. Now look at that. Well, as well happens when you do fucking drugs. That is a drunky shit. And if you do enough drugs, you go crazy. Or the day after. Because I'm here all week. I don't know if you heard Rogan, verse, liver king, period, COM. He's constructed all this shit in this fucking brain. Man, he's like he's really lost it. He ain't sleeping. This is why some people said it was fake because he made some merch. I'm not recording. I'll deal with the cops outside. I'm dying. I'm just a walk up. I'm just sorry. I can take that. I'm not. I would ever. He made some merch. That's why I was fake. You know, not man. It's like he still has some of his faculties. Right? Here's the thing about craze. You talk to somebody crazy and it throws you off. So everybody's saying his fake has never met somebody who's really lost in my. Because every one of us in wild, they'll say some shit that might be profound or it might sound good or they'll do something and they'll say, okay, that was a good decision. That may sound in the midst of all this crazy. It's not like buying air. They're only doing crazy shit. And they can't like do a function, do anything else. So the fact that he had to wear with all to make some merch doesn't negate all the other fucking wild shit. He's got scabs on his face. His mouth is blue. He's really crazy. But the fact that he had to wear with all to make some merch doesn't mean it's all fake. I think it was crazy is thingin' that somebody would buy that. I wonder fuckin' right mind is buying the liver game versus Joe Rogan fight t-shirt. And then he gets arrested. This motherfucker gets out the bin. He's still like it's talkin' about Joe Rogan. You know what I'm sayin'? Like, you wou. Okay. Four years old, didn't you mean? You think I'ma look like this in four years without heavy drug use? Gordon primals from the vibration play that the greatest state in the world. Austin Texas. Texas is the state test to be clear. Bags under my eyes. Having slept a whole lot. This is like when you got out of prison. I mean, a jail. Now one thing I will say about Austin's jail. Austin has one of the best jails. I've been drugged. New York's jails. Man, jails. They're fuckin' awful and then it's a ticket to just central bookends. It's never been a good experience for me. But I've been arrested at Austin. What? Fantastic. And of all the cities I've been arrested at. If I got a pick one, I'm picking Austin each time. I never been convicted of a crime. Every time I was arrested it was a miscarriage of justice. I was always released never been convicted of a crime. That's better enough. He's still talking shit though, but he's still, who's out here talking to him? Do you hear that, listen? That's the birds, the birds are chirping. But the wild is actually calling. But we don't get to do that. Sipping the coffee right now. Coffee in cocaine. That's what I'm sipping. Mine is the cocaine part of that part. Not sipping that actually. Come on, man. This is all random bullshit. This is my hypothesis on this. Leverking. He was making millions a year, right? Son of a bullshit. Or pills that were made of like balls. Actually like, text goes a bunch of fucking bullshit, right? Saying that that's how he got his physique. He would eat balls and liver and organs and shit. You know, Gringo shit. He's always doing some fucking wild shit, like eating organs or somewhere. You know, he said that's how he got in great shape. And then plates and dates. Like he's posing for doing steroids. He's been like 10k a month on steroids. And I guess it hurt his business. He maybe still has some money or whatever. Definitely hurt his reputation. And here's the thing. Here's something that I've noticed. Most of the buss he'd go crazy. People were in the spotlight. The public guy. What it was, there was a few commonalities with him. One was drug use. But more importantly, they got a lot of internet-faying fiasst. That's much of liver king. They also got a lot of criticism. Here's the thing. The common mine is not meant to deal with that much criticism. For the bulk of human history, we lived in tribes or communities of about 1,200 people and those will be the same 1,200 people we saw our whole eyes. And if you were ostracized from that community for any reason, you would probably die. Because you had to go in the wilderness. You might get killed by another tribe or some fucking creatures in the wilderness or something. So we were descendants of other humans who learned to fit in with the tribe. That's why people talk a shit about it. I thought you doesn't feel good because it's in our DNA. We're descendants of people who learned to fit in. Keep that in mind. Now imagine hundreds or thousands of comments of people talking shit about you every day. The human mind was not made to deal with criticism at scale. This is a theory, but I think it's pretty sound. If you don't like yourself or if there's any chinks in your armor, if you do want some shit that's foul or if you have any skeletons in your closet, this shit that criticism is coming at you, especially at a huge scale, it won't really fuck with you. And I've seen it drop people crazy. You mix that with recreational drugs. Now you don't have the same kind of control over your mental faculties. I don't even think the drugs have as much to do with it as just the human brain was not made to deal with criticism at scale. If you're not really happy with yourself, then that criticism is going to really fuck with you and it can push you to do shit like this. So imagine who built his career in lifestyle off of a lie. Now everyone knows these lines. He probably wasn't happy with himself to begin with. That shit of fuck with you. And his point is that it might be hundreds of thousands of people talking shit about him. Because I think people talk shit about me. You know, I think people make videos about me, but it's like I really fuck with myself. So I don't even be tripping. I'd be like get whatever. I'll see that somebody made a video about me and I won't even watch it. Because I really like myself. But imagine if you don't like yourself, you got some shit to hide. And then all these a huge amount of people start talking shit about you. How do you think that's going to affect you psychologically? And then usually what are you going to go go do with therapist? A therapist ain't never fucking deal with this shit. There was no college class on how to deal with an influencer who had millions of people talking shit about him. Because he lied. If therapists ain't never seen that before and he ain't never going to see it again. He don't know how to fucking help you. If you have the wherewithal to go see him. Because you have a unique problem. So what do you do? You might have to introduce some self medication. And that's how my focus started doing with recreational drugs. I got as soon as I ended up with a blue mountain already scabs on his face. I'm not here to talk shit about this guy. I'm here to help you guys understand this. If you know anything about recreational drugs, you can guess what. What street drugs. Fuck up your teeth and put scabs on your face. Right? Like I don't think that's fake. I don't think you fucking fuck this teeth up on accident. It started fucking fucking up his face for marketing. And then you think when you start doing these recreational drugs when you're already fucked up, yeah it might give you some momentarily relief. But after it gives you some moment moments here relief, next thing you know you're doing this shit. Right? You start thinking shit like this is a good idea. And you say, you know what? Let me put this on the internet for my three million fans to see. This got to be a good idea. You understand? In the four seasons, imagine you get out of jail. Because you arrested for terrorism in the court or as you to get the mental health evaluation. This is a fucking court order. You have to do it. After that you think you know what to be a good idea. This for me to post this on the internet. Yep. That is a drug-induced decision. If I've ever seen one. I don't know. If I got arrested for terrorism and the court ordered me to undergo mental health evaluation, I don't think I'm like, maybe not be a good idea. Leave a go get the camera. I'm going to France around this whole tale like a fucking wild animal and impose that online for the world to see. I only post that for about three million people to see. Or this shit, like in this shit. So turn. Is that a market in? If you think it's marketing, you don't know junkies the way I know junkies. That we might be leaving Austin sooner than what we were hoping. Is it sooner than what you're hoping? How about you? I have sooner. We might be leaving soon. Yeah. That shit just fucked up. That's so anyway, I think this is real. I'm glad this happened during mental health month. So you guys can really see, I think this is legit. I think he's fucked up. I think he needs help. And I'm glad they kept Joe Rogues safe. We don't know what this month was capable of. Honestly, like you can't control crazy. I don't know how to fix crazy either. Like sure, I can't wait to see what the mental health evaluation says if we can get.