I'm 42 years old. I really achieved what most will call a staggering level of success, especially because I came from nothing South-Sash, Chicago. I would have got here faster with less pain and less struggle if I knew the things that I'm going to teach you in this video. So in this video, I will break down the lessons I wish I knew in my 20s and 30s that would have helped me become more successful faster. If you want to stay tuned for the last one, because that's a game changer. Number one, all power comes from discipline. If you want to succeed in anything, any Iranian life helped, fitness, relationships, even family, gotta have a high level discipline. You might have discipline, but it's hermen, how successful you can become. This is what it means, you do what you're supposed to do when you're supposed to do it, but do you feel like it or not. That's a lot different than motivation. Sometimes people ask how to get motivated, how do you get motivated, how can I get motivated, I need motivation. Motivation is cool, but motivation is an emotion, right? And if you're reliant on it, it's going to fail you sometimes. If you can train yourself to do what you're supposed to do, when you're supposed to do it, with your feel like it or not, then you'll be more successful because that's what discipline is, how do you get more discipline? discipline is like a muscle. Like these almost 19-inch pythons, but they're like any other muscle. So the more you use it, the stronger it gets. And unless you use it, the more it attributes. So in order to become more disciplined, I want you to reframe your mind. Every time you've supposed to do something, but you don't feel like doing it, I want you to think here's the opportunity for me to flex my discipline muscle. This opportunity for me to get some reps in on my discipline muscle. That's the only time you get to actually flex that muscle because when you're motivated, you want to do it. So you don't get to work the discipline muscle because you're using motivation. And when you don't want to do it, now you have to use the discipline. If you do it anyway, what's going to happen is next time you're in a similar situation when you're supposed to do something, and you don't feel like it, it'll be easier for you to make the right decision and do it. If the next time you're supposed to do something, you don't do it. It's going to be easier for you to quit every time after that. You'll be working your H-niggum muscles. Because everything you do is is habit form. A lot of you guys have built up a lot of H-niggum habits over the years. Now it's easy for you to be a bitch under those circumstances. It's your default response to challenge being a bitch. And then you do something even more sinister. Like let's say you're supposed to go to gymnasium or you're supposed to work on your business. And instead of doing it, you do something fun and stay. You play video games. You start smoking that OG Zazakush. Here's what I saw sinister. Because now you're training yourself to be a bit even more because think about an animal. Not like a creature but like a pet. Did you have any house? A household pet. Let's say you got a little dog, a little doggy dog. And you want the training to dog to do something. When it does it, you might give it a little treat. You know, and then it starts to do that thing more. Because you gave it a treat. You were supposed to go to the gym or work on your business. But instead of doing it, you did something else. You didn't go. And you gave yourself a treat for it. So what do you think you did? You trained yourself to be a bit just saying what you trained that little dog. You rewarding yourself for not doing what you're supposed to do. But doing something fun. Want to do the opposite. You want to start building our discipline muscle. So next time you're in a situation man, I don't feel like doing this. Refrain me say, hmm, this is opportunity for me to build my discipline muscle. This opportunity to become stronger more resilient. And that's going to impact you throughout your whole life. The next thing I wish I knew when I was a young, punk ass, my bucket like you on 50 cents, soft more album, the massacre. He has a song called Ryder Music. And at exactly 2 minutes and 30 seconds, her this 50 cent Jackson says, you hustling backwards if you're chasing the chick, stupid chase the money. They come with the shit. And I heard that I just thought it was a funny line. But that's like, I got older. I was like, yeah, that's that shit. And I didn't get it because I was like super handsome when I was your age. But the thing is, you still have to put it more effort. And if you were like super rich. And I don't think I understood that until I got super rich. It's different. Women, all humans, treat rich people differently. Rich people aren't chasing anyone. People are chasing rich people. They're trying to not even just get money from them. Like it's almost like they just want to be around rich people. They want to soak up some of that rich, negative energy. It's kind of like that thing. Would you take 500k or dinner with Jay Z? A lot of people who's out here saying, I would take dinner with Jay Z just to soak up the game. A lot of people saying, now those people are stupid. There's a reason they ain't got 500k. I'm rich. And I'll still take the 500k. They want to be around the energy. And it's just different. People just want to be around you when you rich. It's different. And women are just like, it's not even like their gold diggers. Like regular chicks are still more excited about a rich, more fucking than they are about a regular woman. Two guys, they can be twins. Same in every regard. One's rich. One's regular. Who's your pick? If it doesn't make her a gold digger, she picks their rich one. If it makes her a sensible human. If your girl had a twin, is exactly the same. Would you pick her? Or the virgin or who's a billionaire? It's different man. People treat you different when you get money. And it's difficult for you to understand unless you get the money. The next thing I wish I knew when I was little, there is no problem that can't be improved or solved with enough money. Even health. The people say health is the most important thing. Study show that wealthy people live longer. They can get the best food. They can get the best health care. My father killed himself. He shot himself in the head when I was 24. I don't know what the amount is. But there isn't amount of money. If I had it, I would still have a dead. If I was a billionaire, I don't think he'd have killed himself. I think he would have saw some light at the end of the tunnel. We'd have figured something out. My therapist that I used to see, she said, oh, you shouldn't think like that. That's a shut up bitch is true. I made sure I would never be in a position where I couldn't help out my family. Or anyone I love, if they needed, my cousin grew up together. Now two years ago, he died in a car accident. I couldn't solve that problem with money. But a few days later, you'd be 20 grand for a funeral, a long pay for, as daughter in like private school. She got a dropout now because they ain't got to income or can she stay in school? Yeah, pay for it. Because money makes all your decisions. You don't do the best you can for your family. You do the best you can for. If you have kids, you don't do the best for your kids. You do the best you can afford. You don't send them to the best schools available. You send them to the best you can afford. Money makes all your decisions. And the more money you have, the more freedom you have, you're not wearing the clothes you want to wear, you wear what's available. Or the best available, right? And as all of us, and the happier you would be, their studies that show, the more money you have, the happier you are, they used to think people get happier up until 75k. And then I was the cat. But new research came out that people get happier even past 75k a year. I mean, yeah. And you are more likely to have more depression if you are in a low income. Now, at least me to the next thing I wish I knew when I was a whiny in, like you, remember before I became an OG. Money doesn't buy happiness because it's not supposed to. Happiness is a motion. Money's job is not to change your emotions. Money's only job is to be a stage for goods and services. Your emotions are your responsibility. I'm a multi millionaire now. However, I was still happy when I was struggling. And you don't make money to get happy. You get happy and make money. You control your emotions. Money's going to magnify who you are if you are a dick or an asshole. You get some money. You're going to be more of that. If you are a nice person, generous person, good, kind, hard, helpful. You're going to be more of that. When I was broke, I was making videos to help you guys accomplish your goals. You're on YouTube. You're going to be more money now. Hey, I'm still doing that. Now we just got a higher production value. I got like eight cameras on me right now. One of them is moving. It's fucking sliding around. Look at this shit. Ain't nobody even doing that. Did he? Was a jerk. You're going to crazy motherfuckin' before you got rich. You got super crazy. It just makes you more who you are. The next thing I wish I knew when I was younger and you're a, is that time is your most important asset. It's actually more of a weapon. We need to weaponize time. Your success will be a direct, direct proportion to how well you use your time. We all have the same amount of time each week. 160-hours every week. And it's important that you squeeze as much success out of each day as possible. Also only way to speed up success. And you can do that by weaponizing time. You do that with your calendar. I didn't really start succeeded until I started planning out every hour of every day in my calendar. I used Google Calendar every hour of every day. And that way my day is choreographed. I promise you. Do this for a week. You'll be shocked at how much more you accomplish each week. You do that shit for a month. You'll be a month. I promise you will be your most productive month. You do that shit for a fucking 90 days. You can, you will literally be unrecognizable. And if you do it for a year, you'll change your whole life. No matter where you are right now, you will change your whole life. And I had to learn this after my father killed himself because it was like 2008. It was during the recession. Even though I had a college degree, I couldn't get a good job. We had record unemployment. So I just started working in labor. And I was working like four different jobs. I trained people in the morning and then I worked security. After the security job I would work for a movie coming before a few hours. No no weekends. I trained people in the morning. I was the weekend manager at the restaurant. I was still working on starting my business. You know, my own life in this business. The only way I was able to get enough sleep during that time. The old train. Get all that work done. While I'm not neglecting my health and working on my goals was I got serious about my calendar and I planned out every hour of every day. And it took a lot of sacrifice. It's like I get a few hours to work on my business here and then few hours there. A few hours there and then when you started weaponizing your time like that, you will be shot at how much more you accomplish. Even now, I think in terms of what I can accomplish per hour versus what I should do. It's one of the reasons why I've been reluctant to buy a car. Because if I'm driving, I'm not doing anything but driving. But I said, I just get the Uber's right? I think Uber's everywhere. And I work in the Uber. I think calls and Uber means in Uber's. I'm trying to weaponize every hour of every day. Next thing I wish I knew, if you don't sacrifice for your goals, then your goals become the sacrifice. Your sacrifice in either way. So you can avoid sacrifice. You're either going to sacrifice your goals or you're going to sacrifice temporary enjoyment. What should you sacrifice in service for your goals? Well, you should not sacrifice your health. You should not sacrifice sleep. You should not sacrifice training. You should not sacrifice your family. Right? Because that's what people always say when I talk about work in super hard. They say shit like man, but you know, fast way. I was put on my family or I want to get sleep in. I want to take care of my health. I want to tell you the sacrifice. That shit. I tell you the sacrifice the other shit. Remember, I was planning every hour of every day in my calendar. Guess what wasn't on my calendar. Video games. Tell of this. Go on in. The bullshit. You sacrificed the bullshit. So during that time of my life when I was really working all coming up, I missed a lot of like barbecues, parties, nightlife. I don't think I went to the theater to watch a movie. Didn't watch any basketball or football. And I'm black. You know, I'd do it because that was for me. It was okay because I just remembered like this is sacrifice I'm making in service of a bigger goal. If you accomplish the goal, you can go back and do those things. But it's called the late gratification. A side of maturity is the ability to delay gratification. Babies, toddlers, they have zero impulse control. They want shit now. And if you can't sacrifice which you want now for what you want most, it's really just a side of the maturity like you're behaving the way like a young child. Last season, I was going to basketball games, or side. I was sitting in court side of basketball games. We mucked me and my boys were going to a comedy show. We saw the homie Theo Vaan. We got a whole sweet for like five of us. You can see like 20 mf, but it's five of us. We lounge and we chilling when I fly. It's first class everywhere. When I go on vacation, I get a better version of it now. If you can sacrifice now, you can get a better version of this shit that you sacrificed later. You need to sacrifice for your goals or your goals become a sacrifice. The next thing I wish I knew when I was younger is the importance of money velocity. Every month, you have bills. You got to pay those bills every month. Every billing cycle when your bills are due is important to make it much money is possible between billing cycles. You want to make more money than you need before the bills are due. And you have what surplus. And that surplus is what you're going to use to get rich. The way you get rich is you make more money than you spend in invest the difference. You have a window to do it every month before the bills are due. On the fucking first, it's like the clock starts over again. You got to make $2,000. At least $2,000 is the lift. I'm just using that for example. But if you can make $3,000 that you got to surplus, you can invest that $1,000. Right? If you can make $4,000, you got a $2,000 surplus. Here's the thing. If you were an invest, let's just say $2,000 in invested every month in a simple investment like an SMP 500 index fund, which has an annual return of about 10%. If you invested $2,000 to that every month, after 20 years, you'd have $1.3 million. If you wanted to increase the amount of money you make over time, or make that money faster than you got to increase how much you invest every month, and or invest in a vehicle that has a higher return. But it's all about the velocity of money. The amount that you'll be able to invest, depends on how much money you can make between the first and the first. It's the countdown. This is what planning every day in the calendar becomes important, because you need to understand that if you had that urgency to make as much money as possible between the first and the first, then you have more money than the best. And then when you start investing, that money can start the growth, start the compound. You need to make as much money as you can as fast as you can every month. Between the first and the first, you need to think of it like a race. And you got to wake up every day with urgency. My girlfriend laughs, because she hears me wake up. She says, man, when you wake up, you jump up and then you was almost for spring out the room. I'm like, is the countdown? I got to get as much success as possible to date. The next thing I wish I knew when I was younger is the power of compound interest. I used to always hear, you know, compound interest is the eighth wonder of the world and all the other shit. I didn't really start investing until later, and I wish I started investing a lot earlier. So that'd be a lot richer, a lot faster. There's three things you can invest in. Stocks, stocks or crypto, I guess, right? Real estate or your own business. Those are the main things you can invest in, right? Stocks, which is investing in someone else's business or crypto, right? Whatever. Real estate or your own business. And you will realize stocks in real estate have an average return of 10% per year. Your own business can be any. You always want to get the highest return in your own business. So when I first started investing, I was invested in my own business. I was working all those jobs and I was investing my own business. That's where I was getting the highest returns. And I could actually see it once I learned how to do Facebook ads and YouTube ads. I can actually see all the end, if I put this much money in, I could just watch money back. We're in real estate and stocks are more passive, which are on business you've got to work. But that's why you get the highest returns. So also the risk is still. 80% of business is failed within the first five years. Somewhere between five and 10% of businesses ever make it up and we're going to make it over $1,000 a year. Those very low odds. I've had two businesses. I took two over $1,000 a year. You know, once it's luck, twice as skill. Because the risk is that leads me to the next thing I wish I knew when I was in the other. Always be learning. Always be studying. One of the things I did right is when I was around 19, I started reading for like 90 minutes to two hours every day. And I was in college then. So I was outside of college. Like I was reading books on business, books on personal development. And this should really help me out. There's some guys on the internet who say don't read books. And maybe those guys are smarter than me. But if this Martin mean, there's definitely smarter than you. But they also must be smarter than Warren Buffett. He says he spends most of his time reading. He became one of the richest men to ever live. Bill Gates says similar thing. Elon Musk, he devotes a lot of success to read in the study. And then he is the richest man in the world. Success leaves clues. There might be some guys on the internet saying don't read. And by their course instead, I will say that there's different ways to actually digest knowledge now. At one point reading was like pretty much the only way. And now you can go to you can you can actually buy courses. People hate on courses, but I learned a lot from course. And you do audio books. I listen to a lot of audio books. Even YouTube videos like YouTube videos like you learn you're learning right now. These are new mediums. But you just always be learning. Like every time I work out, I always have headphones on. And people think I'm listening to NBA Young Boy. Now I'm listening to more fucking Brian Tracy. I'm not listening to Lil Baby. I'm listening to Lil Tracy throughout the day. I'm always listening with him walking somewhere from going somewhere. Anytime I'm on the move, I'm not talking to another person. I'm studying, listening to something else. I keep this iPad with me all the time. And this has my kind of warning. This is one of my preferred ways to consume content. Now, if you buy the Kindle book and you buy the audio book, you can do something really cool. You can open a book and then it's synced up and then it can really be the book to you. Hold on, I check this out. It doesn't have to be selfish. In fact, the best marketing never is. Marketing is the generous act of having others become who they seek to become. It involves creating honest stories, stories that resonate and spread. You're involved in two senses, right? So I'm reading it as your visual sense and then I'm hearing it. All the story sense studies show that you actually retain knowledge better. Because you're more focusing, not getting distracted or anything. I can also, I'll take notes in here. If I see something I really like, I'll take notes in here. Are you a one note? Like I saw one note in that way, sinks to all my devices. It's lit. The next thing I wish I knew when I was younger. Are you all in going like this one? Stay in sober will make you more productive. It was a study that came out. It was a big meta-analysis and they said there was no safe level of alcohol consumption for brain health. Right? People say, oh man, maybe it's moderation, right? You're going to do everything in moderation. If you care about your brain health, the study show there is no safe level of alcohol consumption. And I know there are people who smoke the people get high all the time in drink and it's still successful. For sure. Do you really do that to ask yourself? And then what I express myself when I quit doing all this stuff is like, am I really trying to be the best I can be? Or am I trying to see what I can get away with? Right? So I'm even going to get away with it. Put our day succeeding because of that or a succeeding in spite of it. And how much more would they succeed if they didn't consume recreational drugs? It's about 10 years ago, I wish I did it early. I quit all recreational drugs in all alcohol. Man, I'm not missing nothing. If I go to a function, it's actually better. I'm networking better. I stay on my pleasing cues. I don't make those stupid mistakes. Lot of y'all have done shit drunk or high that you regret. That doesn't happen to me. Lot of y'all get drunk one night. You're not as on point the following day. You can still survive and you can still function. But are you functioning the best you can do? You really get access to them. Are you trying to be the best you can be? Or are you trying to see what you can get away with? You, that's a question you've got to ask yourself. Again, if you're not willing to sacrifice for your goals and your goals become the sacrifice, you're not putting them up. Yeah, I was in your favor. And if you do succeed, you will succeed in spite of that. Not because of it. It's definitely not helping you. If it's not helping you, then what is it doing? Sorry. Some people's a man. Brandt, how do you have so much energy? Always so enthusiastic. The asking. How do you get so much done each day? Not getting high every night. I'm not getting drunk at night. I did a shit in 20 years. You know, I don't think it's a coincidence people say that I look a little younger in my age. Getting drunk does not help you. Everyone I've ever met who looked really, really young for their age. Does not drink or grandma live to be like 96. Never drink, never smoke. She looked a lot younger than she was. Like quite literally poison. Are you trying to be the best you can be? Or are you trying to see how much you can get away with? Because those are two different ways to approach your goals. Speaking of goals, if you really serious about a comps your goals, I got another video you can watch all about goals and it implanting your goals. Because what's super important is you have goals. You've got to plan them outright. You've got to have deadlines for every step. And I show you how to do it in this other video.