So I'm really excited about what's gonna happen. And I think in the next four years, it'll be the greatest money-making opportunity in our career. I have a lot of my deals that cash flowed structured at a brown eight percent. They're still tincaps, because a lot of them are trailer parks, but if he drops those rates, I'm gonna refie. As most people are in a position where they have an on-of-five, they've either watched HETV or they've heard Robert Kiesaki or they've heard me or Kenny Mack or anybody talk about the power of real estate. They want to get in with the best way to get in. And are you excited about the new regime coming to sighted? I was doing everything in my power to push it to get to where it is. Man, I voted for him in 16. I said I've never been more proud of my country than that night in 2016. And today, standing here in 2024, not only in my proud, I'm excited. What do you most excited about? I'm excited about the fact that not only did we get Trump in the White House, but we also took the House in the Senate. Normally there's bureaucracy, so the guy I can wanna do well, all he wants. But then there's that back and forth that the lobby end, you give me this, I give you that. I think some things are gonna get pushed through very subtly. I think that Donald Trump has the respect of foreign leaders. Everybody knows that he's not afraid to use the biggest stick that the world yields and that is our military. No, nobody wants to go to war. Nobody wants to go to war. But, you know, people talk as if the wars that we're in right now would be happening if you would have been in office. And I think that they wouldn't. A lot of times it's strength that can create peace. And I think he offers that. And another thing I think that he offers that is very different than most leaders is that he'll go sit down with them. And say, hey look, man, let's work this out. But he also leaves that tone of, I hope we can work it out because if we can, then I'm gonna have to go ahead. You know what, it's not supposed. You are so, what it is. I think he's great for it. I think his support is great. What he's put together with, you know, RFK, advanced, Elon, and Romswami. It's gonna not only be good for the next four years, but I think there's gonna be a legacy of hand in and down. Especially as we get rid of wokeism. And that gets less and less popular. And those voices get more and more quiet. And we go to common sense and what worse for everybody. So I'm really excited about what's gonna happen. And I think in the next four years it'll be the greatest money making opportunity in our careers. That's what we'll when it's gonna tell you about. What are some things you're doing? The plate yourself in the position to succeed under the Trump administration. Matt, well, you know, I'm gonna buy more real estate by more real estate official. What is about real estate, the source side you now, in particular? Well, I think that the rates are gonna drop, but I also believe that the tax laws are gonna stay beneficial. So I kept the depreciation on our bi-property. So if we're making money in business one, two and three and I buy real estate in the real estate cash flows. Yeah. But also I get to do a cost segregation study. I can give me a five, six, seven, hundred thousand dollar tax break. But if that passes, my income from the property, I can take the remaining. Let's say I have a seven hundred thousand dollar tax break based off our cost appreciation study on property. And that property cash flow 200 grand. So 700 grand minus 200. So no taxes there and I take that half meal and I put it on one of my other businesses or a collection of the other business on my personal tax return. So I get that tax break and pay 500 grand less in taxes on those other properties. So it offsets income, right? That's just one way. There's obviously the cash flow. There's obviously that the people that are getting up and going to work every day are paying your debt off. And also inflation over time pays your debt off. Yeah. There are many, many ways that real estate can help you. And one of my favorite ways is actually depreciation because I'm just free money is free money. So I love the business, but my background is construction real estate. I'm doing this online thing. But you know, you got a stick to your route sometimes. Yeah, so it's just in me, man. I was telling somebody the other day, it's like, I'm itching to go to a job site. Man, I might start building houses around here or something. Like, just do something. Just so I can pull up on a job and pull shit. Put that over here. Get his ass. Tell him to hit the fucking schedule. QC safety. I just, it's in me. I can tell when you, because I've talked to you about real estate or I've been around when you would talk to other people of our real estate. I could tell you, you light up it. You've got it cited, man. That's dope that you found something that you really love. So you got real estate. What else you're gonna be doing to take advantage? Real estate. I still construction. That's your main business, right? Yeah, those two businesses are my main businesses. But again, it goes back to you should be operating as if the president's not your favorite. Yeah. So it's gonna be more of what I've been doing. But I think those efforts will yield more. Yeah, there'll be more advantageous now. Yes, absolutely. So I'm looking forward to that. One thing I'm also looking forward to is that if he does in fact drop the rate, if the rates do come down, the old drone gets in there and he's like, hey, let's drop the rate. So I'm gonna say, well, I have a lot of my deals that cash flowed structured at a brown 8%. They're still tin caps, because a lot of them are trailer parks. But if he drops those rates, I'm gonna refie. And that's really where I'm gonna say. Right now, let's say you have a property in his cash loan. And these are just gonna be round numbers in his apple. Let's say this cash flow in 20 grand a month. Well, that debt service, when you drop down a pointer to do, that could go up another 510 grand. It's a major swing. People think it's just one point. Yeah, but it's one point on five million dollars. Or just whatever it is, you know, just use a round numbers and I'm really excited about that. Because I know I've been growing equity. I know people have been scared. The last couple of years have not been buying. I've been able to structure deals with some owner finance, raising money, creating a way to get creative and get these deals done when people are scared. Yeah, because the rates are high, which means the price has to come down for me to better buy a starter starter owner. Or you could hold the financing for me I owe for five years. And I'm just waiting for it to drop around, you know, six, six, five, check out, pay amount. And then we just move in again. And you can kind of slow go up. Yeah, it would be things like that that I'll do. You know, I don't really like to brag about how much money I'm making on a deal. I feel like that, you know, whatever. I like to brag about how I structured the deal. To get it done. Okay, you know, I think that's a beautiful part about real estate is that if you educate yourself enough on it, you can find all of these different ways to make a deal that might not would have worked. Just straight up work by getting creative around the financing or on the partnerships around the capital stack and how you raise the money and make things happen that wouldn't otherwise happen. How long you've been doing real estate? Real estate. What my first property was a duplex about it in 2014. Now I think come as a duplex. It came as a single family home that had this shed attached to it that the guy had built around it. Yeah. It just had some tools and a big stack of playboys in it and it wasn't rough then. So the first thing I did is I went in the back, busted a hole in the concrete, tied in a plumbing line to the trunk line of the house that went back to the city, built a little like stand. So I could put a toilet in the shower there and I ripped all the appliances out of the main house, put it in the back, got that thing rented. It rinsed for like $9.50 right now. Yeah. And then I'll rent the front out. That house cash flows $8,900 a month. Wow, you saw it all there. Still, I don't know, 3.6% interest on that house. I bought it at 165, but now it praises as well over 250 and they don't even know that it's a duplex. No really. I bought one of those air strips and I put it in the backyard. I went about to put an Airbnb back there. I'm gonna call it Glamping in the hood. Because it's in one of those neighborhoods where it's like, you see the yoga pants and coffee shops, people walk in and move it. It's like a garden district type neighborhood. Okay. And so people just love to be there. So I'm trying to squeeze every penny out of that bitch. Yeah, that's what's up. So I think that's what I like about real estate the most. I love to be creative and I like to treasure hunt. Okay. And I don't have a curiosity of how I can get things done where other people couldn't. I like to do that through competency because it makes me feel intelligent. Right. And I can share the story and I share the knowledge. That's why we, you know, we're pushing out lots of the heart, man. These guys are joining out lives left and right on these whole sailing deals. And they're running their mailers and sometimes they'll send something in. And they're like, this deal doesn't work. And on my haybrough, I said double lot. You could a whole sub house sub divided and build another one and make about 150 grand and they're like shit. What is that? Yeah, I'm asking allies is where we're teaching guys. So in real estate, you got fast media and slow money. Okay. Fast money is like flipping and whole sailing. Media money would be like developing a single family home. Okay. And slow money is me buying apartment buildings and mobile home parks at over time make you very wealthy. But the fast money comes first because most people are in a position where they have an out of five. They'd be either watch the HGTV or they've heard Robert Kiesaki or they've heard me or Kenny Mack or anybody talk about the power or real estate. They want to get in with the best way to get in is to start small and grow into it. And I agree with Grant Cardone on about 32 units. I get that. I'm with you bro. No problem. But in the beginning, yeah, everybody got 32 unit money. They ain't got 32 unit money, but the way to get 32 unit money is to get some fast money. Flippings great, whole sailing is better. Reason is is because when you flip a house, you get into construction and construction is messy. Most people don't understand it and certainly don't know how to manage the contractor. I will be teaching construction at some point. But for now, if these guys can get in there and start making some fast money, our average flip, wholesale for the students is around 30 40 grand a lick. So if you can just get one deal under your belt, right? Yeah, a face that blood, one time. It'll change your life. Never go back. I never forget man. I did a house. I must have been 26. I flipped this house. I didn't make a whole bunch of money. I must have made like 25 grand. Yeah. It changed me mentally. I don't never work for anybody. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like this wasn't that hard. Put some band at signs out, talk to some people on the phone, get the sale, get the deal done, it changed me. And I just want as many people as possible, men are women to taste that. Taste that one time and think about how long you work to get that deal done. And then look at that check and then go to the bank, put that thing in your bank account, until that moment when that teller sees you put 40 grand in your bank account one lit. Walk outside after that closing, breathe that shit in cowboy. Because that's just real. And it could be done again and again and again. And that's what I'll ask is about. It's creating a system that if all they do is follow it. Yeah. They will be successful. That's all they have to do is follow it. Yeah. Just don't quit and eventually that phone is going to ring. To say it's two months in and you fuck around and make 30 to $50,000 and just sitting down at a table, sign a something in some blue ink. It'll change how you think about the world. That's awesome, man. I can people find out more information about their him, you open Instagram. You know, just in the wall I mean, that's no. Just in.