Does Joe woman like you or does she like the lifestyle you bring? I'm not saying she do, I'm not saying she don't. Doos be like, oh, she been there around for five years. Yeah, and you've been having it for five years. So you don't know when she don't even know. I'm not saying she's this loyal, but I'm not giving her a whole hell of a lot of credit. Maybe I've been winning for 13 years. I've been riding roles, voices, I've been living in high rises, I've been doing this. But 10 years, you ain't never been with me when I didn't have it. So I don't know how you can tell me. You can tell it sounds good, but until that day comes and then ain't never going to come when I fall off, we'll never know. So you only get so much credit in my book, which you witt me when I'm winning. Game God Go, you was so pleased for an always pretty good at it. Anyway, what are some steps guys can do? That actually could get chosen by more women. Before he even start working on himself, because okay, yeah, you could build yourself up, and then you can get more women to come chase you. But number one is, as you are, statistically speaking, there is more than a hundred women out there who are going to choose you just the way you want. Just the way you want. Just that mental switching your mom. And then like I said, when you add the piece on of stop looking for who you're looking for, understand the value of a woman who actually likes you and then she could build her looks. That's another factor. But of course, man, you got to be somebody you like. If you look in the mirror with all lights up, so who else going like? You got to be realistic. Competition is everyone around. You're in a race and ain't nobody next to you, you're not going to run as fast as if you know somebody next to you and they enter another suspect. So look around and do his light brand right here and see where you don't measure up and then work every day to try to close that gap. Go in, you become something that you like, everybody else going like it. Not only that, when you become something that you like, you're no longer even worried about these women. When you become so high level in your mind, man, like me, it'd be like, I don't even really want to talk to you. You're not even on my level because thirsty and needy energy is never going to get anything. You do as a tool needy, you want the bra too much and that energy is seeping out and nobody likes that. A lot of guys are trying to give validation from the woman because they don't like themselves as much on a subconscious level and that's you got to really learn to like yourself. But look, my first module in my gang got mentality to course itself. Look, all of this stems from self love. You can say what I say, but it's going to falter eventually because you really don't, I really feel like my bra's will see it. It'll be a cut. I can't say too much, but it'll be a little being a situation with a cold bra and she dealing with us both and we had about to have some fun and meet, meet pants down, the bra say something that I just don't like and she don't clean it up. What is this this party is over because I really stand on that. You know, and when you stand on stuff like that, your woman respects you more and she's not so worried and checking your phone when you go out because she likes it now. My man is a man of press wave, but woman get up on him. She's coming on a way proper and correct. He's not out here just doing this and doing that. Before we get into the next things, a guy needs to do the level up. How does the guy talk to like himself more? And you got to do the work. You got to do the work. Come from self investment, come open. Are you investing in yourself daily with your habits? Are you working out? Do you like what you see when you look in the mirror? Right. Are you doing the work? Are you leveling up in different areas? If you're not doing that, you're not going to like yourself. Say all the affirmations in the world. That might help. But it's not going to convince yourself of you seeing you're not doing what you're not going to the gym. You're eating like you're jacking off the porn. Man, just let's just imagine what God sees when you jacking off the porn every day. Man, come on man, you don't respect yourself when you're bussed at night. You're closing out the browser, man. You don't even. And that all of that subconsciously seeps into your mind and to your personality. But some, like when you see a dude who's really serious, you know he's game-tight in everywhere, he got a different look in his eye. He got a different energy and with it, it is just different. You can't fake it. So that's why I say all the time, man. Don't skip steps. Build yourself and I guarantee you once you start to build yourself, you're not even going to be worried about the browser's going to be worried about you. Because you're going to fall in love with yourself. And once you raise your standards, you're going to be able to catch better. That's why I say all the time, man. I can always get better, so I can always catch better. And a woman leaves me, I'm not tripping. I'm actually glad because I'm a better person to say it. I'm better today than I was six months ago because I'm always working on myself, which means that bra that I got with six months ago is actually beneath me now. I can catch better than I could catch then. So I can't wait for you to do something wrong. If you're not liking the women that's choosing you right now, level up, then you'll get better women. They can see you make it. I say now you got to be it to you believe it. But I do feel like in the sense of a fakeity, make it as you got to believe that you could be more. You have to be that you somebody before you are. But as far as completely fake it, I see the dudes who do that. Yeah, they don't work. But for example, you're just like pretended. And the thing is you know inside and you don't really like yourself. And people who really act can tell. And as much as you fake, you're going to give yourself a way in certain places. But when you really act, you're never giving yourself away. When I tell guys when they say, how do I become more confident? I feel like you'll give yourself reasons if you won't go after that. Right? Like what's your regiment like every day? What kind of structure do you adhere to? Are you keeping the promises you make to yourself on a daily basis? And if you start doing it, then you give yourself a reason to be. Man, when you walk outside and you know, I read today, I ate what I did. I went to the gym to die. All of these things that you, I didn't do any vices today. I always said club, I didn't drink, I didn't smoke, I didn't do drugs. And then you know 95% of the world is doing those things. We walk by everybody. You look like an exchange ship. Make it's paying fuggle me. And that's how you feel internally. And it makes you proud. And when you're proud, then you start to do the habits and do the things that you know reflect that. Yeah, that's when I say be it to you believe it. That's what I mean. I mean like yo. Not me. Give yourself reasons to really like this. Imagine somebody who you cared about was telling you man, I'm going to do all the stuff for you. And they always tell you they're going to do something and they never do. How much was you like that person? That person is you. And these will really don't understand yo self-imaged govern show lines. Psychocyber netty. It's all about how you will never perform to your actual capability based on how you think about yo self. So no matter how capable you are, you're not even going to be able to perform to your capacity because you've lowered your self-immace. And another thing that's with women too, right? A woman in your life, below your self-immace, by not treating you like to do that you are. And you're accepting it. And a lot of times women and men will do that today partner because if they know who they are, they'll might see that I'm replaceable. So they try not to treat you like you did do. They try to make you feel less than you are. So then they can keep you here. So you know, it's very important yourself. Images in how do you build yourself? Images by the daily things that the daily promises, the daily actions. 100% of them. So you got to love yourself with the next step. When you no longer try to be attractive to women and you're no longer worried about women, that's when the women go on choose. I feel like women are rules, because I'm not tripping off the women. Anywhere did I go, man, I'll be in a strip club and long as they're. And I'm an Aaron, I'm enjoying myself. I'm enjoying talking to my partner. I'm enjoying the vibe. I'm enjoying the limit-pepper wings. They got their spirit-man rhino and guess what? It's a woman who comes by, you know they all you want to do. And I'm cool. I'm chilling right now. I'm just enjoying myself. Guess what? I'm looking like I'm such a fun, enjoying nice, good energy having an individual that wouldn't want to come over and see what's going on. May. Anywhere did I go, I'm never worried about the brun. Back in the day, we used to have gang sessions with my uncle. He came down and he asked. He said, all three of y'all. He told me how you think of boss players' day goes. We all said, he said, man, I'll tell me what you think. Tell me how you think they're day goes. He looked as he said, do you think when a boss player wake up in the morning he worried about a broth? He said, no, he said, why you always worried about a broth? A boss player's worried about his self, his business, his work and not, and a multitude of other things, didn't the broth. And so it just goes to show man, women are attracted to men who ain't worried about. Right? Because if you're not worried about the broth, you're worried about something actually important. So, first one is you got to like yourself more. Yeah. It's not, don't be worried about the girl worried about yourself. Give me a third key, a third jewel for these dudes. Man, you got to like who likes you. Right? I mean, because it's all encompassing and you working on yourself because when you work on yourself, you care about yourself. When you worried about yourself, you're not worried about her. When you're not worried about her, she starts to worry about you. Like who likes you? He's got to like do it like you. Man, that's the fundamental man. That's one all one. Man, I'll tell the story before. 16 years old, my uncle used to take me to the club. Bad little, fine little thing on the dance floor. You know, she planned with me. She planned with me. She asked him like, she liked me. She don't like, right? My uncle put his hand on my shoulder. And he said, listen, stop looking at that broad that you want to start looking at that funny looking broad and the corners looking at you. Right? Because that broad over there, she gonna get your problem. Like she already was that woman over there, she will do everything you say. And from there, it changed my paradigm. And that's how I've ran my, that my entire life. That's why I feel like I look younger than I am. Because I don't have problems when it comes to the wine and stress. It's because how does somebody treat you that hold you in such high esteem, that love Joe Dirty Draws that sees you as a superstar, whoever their famous crush is rapper. Act, how would they treat that person? You think she's looking for problems or she's overlooking problems? You think she's talking back? You think she's getting on his nerves or you think she's being in pocket quiet doing whatever you get steady, no daddy. I'm only looking for a woman who sees me like a superstar. You need game because you chose wrong. You need game because you picked a woman who didn't really like you. So you got to do all these tricks and tears. And oh, let it, to keep it together. I'm not doing that. I'm going to spend that time at energy focus on my business, my fellows and my family. So I'm dealing with a woman who really just wants to be around me. She thinks I'm a superstar and should be in a car board box with me. I really like what you're saying. Maybe like 10 years ago, wherever. I became real cool with some dudes who had like a huge pickup company, like pickup company, teaching guys, gang. Those were those like my big brothers, like men to the guy's were in the company because they was doing like eight figures at the time and it was really killing it. I got a lot of like business game for them. I remember the stuff that seeing the stuff they were teaching like the guys. Yeah. And because I wanted to shit on with their teacher because those my homies, but I remember thinking myself, man, I break all these rules. Yeah, I get more pussy than all these niggas. A lot of the game is teaching them folks how to pretend to be a real. Yeah, it does. You see, like deception. Yeah, just pickup works because it's having dudes go out and talk to a lot of girls. So it's statistically speaking. You're going to catch. Yeah. If a dude right now with no pickup walked out and talked to 100 girls like I used to 100 girls a day. You could say the lame is lying. You're going to catch one brawl and get it. So that's really why it works. Number two, what I've never going to do is make the brawl that important that I'm over here doing magic tricks and motherfucking flies out and practice. I am never going to because it makes the brawl too important even if she don't know it in my mind. I've already built her up to be more important to me because all you doing for that is somebody who's not more important. Yeah. So subconsciously, you're already putting her on a pedestal and you can't lie. Your body is going to give away that she's hiding because you're doing all this to get her. Who's going to do all that to get something that's on a level? No, you're only doing and she sees it too. You shuckin' in, driving, trying too hard, trying to be too charming. She sees it and all you do was elevate her and it's like, you're letting her. Now she's looking at it. Sometimes they'll play with you for that validation. If when you see me, you can't recognize what you're looking at, I don't want you. And that's no knock to you. Listen, I said all the time like in high school. It's a girl in high school. She saw a dude don't know if I'm nowhere. Just saw him walking. That's her crush. She writes no school. She's going home dreaming about him saying what to do. It's a woman you don't even know her. I'm in love. You don't even know her. Like that, that heart Arnold in that hell, correct? It's people like that for whatever reason, the chemistry and your brain, whatever when you see somebody you just like Dan, that's my bitch. That's my nigga, right? I'm only looking for the woman who sees me like that. And we got a cool vibe going on, but I can't fuck with you. You don't like me enough. It'll be very disrespectful to the women who do see me like a superstar. But it's woman only seeing me like a cool, you know what I'm fat? It's just, I'm spoiled now. Once you have a woman literally, lie still killed, willing to go to jail for you. You'll be bringing big beds and coulda ran off with it, but don't say daddy, what you want to do with it, playing never going to be able to deal with a bra who just kind of like you. Don't say it. So I'm scarred, but I feel like everybody should be like this because then it raises your standards. And then I said on time man, like dudes when I look at you with me, I promise you, I did this when I had no money. I promise you I did because I felt like this because I was in an environment where I saw this while I thought it was normal. If you make everybody who comes in contact with you, treat you at a certain level, I guarantee you're going to find people who treat you on that level. But when you start it wrong, you let that bra treat you like nothing. Now you can't put your standards now. You're not going to hold another bra because I used to start as you finish. That's a big fact, man. A woman's rank, like as far as you should want to tend to me is based on how she treat me, how much she like me and how much she's willing to do what I tell her to do. So a lot of these dudes that be chasing a 10, man, I'm chasing who chasing me. One because you can make any woman to 10 as I say all the time. Two, when you live in a life when a woman really likes you, man, you can do whatever you want to do. You can do fly things like this. You know what I'm saying? You can do it in possible. What seems impossible. Do something I had to force me to get on a lease because in their psyche, that's the only way they can get a woman to do that. And I'm just saying man, stop going after the one you like it. Start going after one and like you. I was in a strip club with my partner the other day. Why you're not trying to get at these women right here? I'm like, because I don't want to confuse them and make them believe that they hire them me because I went after them. And if no woman comes up in this club to meet tonight, I'll be perfectly fine. Come on, look a little boo, look a for me. If she doesn't like me enough to stop and put herself out there to say hello to me, then that's not a woman. I won't. We start and roll. And if you start and how you start, it's how you finish. That's just how I feel. And let me break it down too, because I'm not saying I never try to talk to a woman. But the most I'll do is how you doing. Most I'll do is finger over to you. The most I'll do is like a little touch on an elbow. All I'm doing is presenting myself. I'm showing you that I'm interested. And in two seconds, I'm a no if you choosing an eye. But you like what you see. I'm a see it on how she responds with her face looks like with her body, body language is like, and that's going to let me know if she's choose. I want to be the one you convincing me. That's the only way this guy never going to work. You know what, man? It's funny. It's like that in business too. People come on here and ask me sales advice about cold call and I'm like, what? I never ran a business where I had the cold call. We always think in bound leads. It's kind of like the sand. It's like the old's right. It's a lot of clothes right this high. You know, because even if you chase a woman down and you convince her, like him, to man, you got to keep that up because that's what you presented from the gate. If you just trying to have sex with a woman, okay, man, do the dance. I can judge or you do what you got to do to get it, right? But if you wanted to be a long-term relationship, I want her to see what is really going to be. I don't want to have to try. I don't want to have to be taking trips all the time. Going to five star dinners all the time because you need to be entertained. And if she only wish you for that kind of sit, there's always someone who could do more. Man, I'd be telling dudes all the time. Like, most dudes don't really understand your woman. Don't either. Just show woman like you, or does she like the lifestyle you bring? I'm not saying she do, I'm not saying she don't. Doos be like, oh, well, she's been there around for five years. Yeah, and you've been having it for five years. So you don't know when she don't even know. I'm not saying she's this loyal, but I'm not giving her a whole hell of a lot of credit. Man, bitch, I've been winning for 13 years. I've been riding roles, races. I've been living in high rages. I've been doing this for 10 years. You ain't never been with me when I didn't have it. So I don't know how you can tell me. You can tell it sounds good, but until that day comes and then they ain't never going coming off all off, we'll never know. So you only get so much credit in my book. Bitch, you whip me when I'm winning. You always say you gotta find them when we're like, so you get chosen to mouthcloth. It shows with your mouth closed. Not only have the hood show you on it. Not only do I show you how I method again, chose with show my clothes, how to put yourself in position, man, up true player knows how to put himself in position to be discovered, know where to go, how to go, what to do in those situations. And then know what to look. Because a lot of dudes is not getting chose because they look in the shoes. Look at everything in the room, that's red. Look, everything is red, everything is red, right? If you stop if I ask you was green, you're not going to remember because you look for red. If you're looking for the woman that you're choosing, you're going to miss the woman that's been choosing. I don't care who you are. There's a woman choosing you, maybe not as many, but that other dude that is you and me got, but it's definitely someone, but you just overlooked her because you look a for you, what you want. And then you don't even have the mind to understand the value of a woman who choosing you is more valuable than a woman who's beautiful, but not choosing you work because you haven't understood these things. So you need to get my gang got mentality program, which gets your mind right to care about the things that matter and then get the get chosen to my own code. This woman was watching this probably. She's like, man, now a guy's like a challenge. I'm like, yeah, you know, my life is just a challenge. I say this. You know, I'll say this, right? Because a lot of dudes will say this and say that, man, I don't feel like the world is black and white like that, man. You got all of their braids in the world. I don't know what these dudes like. I don't like no challenge. It is some dudes out here. I call them massacits. You love chasing a woman that don't like that abuses you, that talk shit, you eat this state with them. You like a bitch, I don't. Maybe some dudes do, but if you try that, what me is going to be short lived. Yeah, that's a big fact. You know what I'm saying? I like fucked about my life is hard in the, man, is it? You're gonna fuck your girl, making a heart attack, man. If she don't say bless you when I sneeze, man, I'm gonna start looking like we got a problem. What fucks would you be like happy wife? Happy, happy, happy king and not a goddamn thing. All the way, it's pleasing, thank you.